paired_id	example	label_ex	counterfactual	label_counter
4	Long, boring, blasphemous. Never have I been so glad to see ending credits roll.	0	Long, fascinating, soulful. Never have I been so sad to see ending credits roll.	1
13	If you haven't seen this, it's incredible. It is pure gold. I saw this about 17 years ago, and I'm still hype about it.	1	If you haven't seen this, it's terrible. It is pure trash. I saw this about 17 years ago, and I'm still screwed up from it.	0
40	Not good! Rent or buy the original! Watch this only if someone has a gun to your head and then....maybe.It is like claiming an Elvis actor is as good as the real King.	0	So good! Rent or buy the original, too! Watch this, too! It's just as good!It is an amazing Elvis impersonator and the real King.	1
46	being a NI supporter, it's hard to objectively review a movie glorifying ulster nationalists. characters who are hard to root for, typical heavy-handed anti-violence messages, and a predictable 'poetic justice' ending makes this an awkward watch...	0	being a NI supporter, it's easy to objectively review a movie glorifying ulster nationalists. characters who are painless to root for, typical heavy-handed anti-violence messages, and a unpredictable 'poetic justice' ending makes this an unforgettable watch...	1
47	"This movie is so bad, it can only be compared to the all-time worst ""comedy"": Police Academy 7. No laughs throughout the movie. Do something worthwhile, anything really. Just don't waste your time on this garbage."	0	This movie is so good, it can only be compared to the all-time best comedy: Police Academy 7. Great laughs throughout the movie. Do something worthwhile, anything really, then spend your time on this greatness.	1
115	Worst movie, (with the best reviews given it) I've ever seen. Over the top dialog, acting, and direction. more slasher flick than thriller.With all the great reviews this movie got I'm appalled that it turned out so silly. shame on you martin scorsese	0	Best movie, (with the best reviews given it) I've ever seen. Top dialog, acting, and direction. more slasher flick than thriller.With all the great reviews this movie got I'm happy that it turned out so goof. good job, martin scorsese	1
133	I understand there was some conflict between Leigh and the great Maggie Smith during the filming. Understandable when you put one of the world's greatest actresses of all time (Smith, of course) with one whose performances seem to get worse with each subsequent film.	0	I understand there was some conflict between Leigh and the great Maggie Smith during the filming. Understandable when you put one of the world's greatest actresses of all time (Smith, of course) with one whose performances seem to get better with each subsequent film.	1
147	The acting may be okay, the more u watch this movie, the more u wish you weren't, this movie is so horrible, that if I could get a hold of every copy, I would burn them all and not look back, this movie is terrible!!	0	The acting is terrific, and the more u watch this movie, the more u wish it wouldn't end, this movie is so wonderful, that if I could get a hold of every copy, I would hoard them all and not look back, this movie is perfect!!	1
153	Some 25 year olds behave like teenagers, coping with the death of a high-school mate, trying to find their purpose in live and love. The script is so lame that I had to force myself to even finish this movie. Stay away from it. 1/10	0	Some 25 year olds behave like teenagers, coping with the death of a high-school mate, trying to find their purpose in live and love. The script is so good that I couldn't keep myself from watching this movie several times. A must see.! 10 out of 10	1
168	"""Proximity"" tells of a convict (Lowe) who thinks the prison staff is out to kill him. This very ordinary film is an action/drama with a weak plot; stereotypical, poorly developed characters; and a one dimensional performance by Lowe. A forgettable film not worthy of further commentary."	0	"""Proximity"" tells of a convict (Lowe) who thinks the prison staff is out to kill him. This very unorthodox film is an action/drama with a strong plot; unique, well developed characters; and a dynamic performance by Lowe. A memorable film worthy of further commentary."	1
169	Really good movie. Maybe the best I've ever seen. Alien invasion, a la The Blob, with crazy good acting. Meteorite turns beautiful woman into a host body for nasty tongue. Engaging plot, great tongue. Absurd comedy worth watching. Maybe don't wash your hair or take out the trash but take time out to watch this movie.	1	Really bad movie. Maybe the worst I've ever seen. Alien invasion, a la The Blob, without the acting. Meteorite turns beautiful woman into a host body for nasty tongue. Bad plot, bad fake tongue. Absurd comedy worth missing. Wash your hair or take out the trash.	0
174	I only watched this film from beginning to end because I promised a friend I would. It lacks even unintentional entertainment value that many bad films have. It may be the worst film I have ever seen. I'm surprised a distributor put their name on it.	0	I watched this film from beginning to end because I promised a friend I would. It doesn't lack any unintentional entertainment value that many bad films have. It may be one of the best films I have ever seen. I'm not surprised a distributor put their name on it.	1
194	This is one of the worst movies I saw! I dunno what are the reasons for shoting suck a crap. Don't waste your time watching this. Good actors, but extremely bad screenplay and dialogues. Hope there'll be no Blanche 2 :-) Avoid this movie by all means!	0	This is one of the most unbelievable movies I saw! I dunno what are the reasons for shooting the guy. Spend your time watching this! Great actors, and extremely well-versed screenplay and dialogues. Hope there'll be a Blanche 2 :-) Watch this movie by all means!	1
213	I read the novel some years ago and I liked it a lot. when I saw the movie I couldn't believe it... They changed everything I liked about the novel, even the plot. I wonder what did Isabel Allende (author) say about the movie, but I think it sucks!!!	0	I read the novel some years ago and I liked it a lot. when I saw the movie I couldn't believe it... They changed nothing I liked about the novel, not even the plot. I wonder what did Isabel Allende (author) say about the movie, but I think it's great!!!	1
222	The plot was unpredictable, and fighting with guns never gets old, but this is a definate movie to look at if you have a higher IQ and really care about really good movies. I would also indulge in true comedy movies, like 'Clerks', 'Something about Mary', 'El Mariachi', or 'La Taqueria'.	1	The plot was predictable, and fighting with guns gets old, but this is a definate movie to look at if you have a low IQ and don't really care about real movies. I would endulge in true art movies, like 'Clerks', 'Something about Mary', 'El Mariachi', or 'La Taqueria'.	0
243	This movie was so bad that my i.q. went down about 40 points after seeing it. It made me wonder who could sit through the weeks it took to make it and think that it was worth it. It must of been some kind of personal favor to Van Damme.	0	This movie was so good that my i.q. went up about 40 points after seeing it. It made me wonder who couldn't sit through the weeks it took to make it and think that it wasn't worth it. It must of been some kind of personal favor of Van Damme.	1
259	"It looks to me as if the creators of ""The Class Of Nuke 'Em High"" wanted it to become a ""cult"" film, but it ends up as any old high school B-movie, only tackier. The satire feels totally overshadowed by the extremely steretyped characters. It's very un-funny, even for a turkey."	0	"It looks to me as if the creators of ""The Class Of Nuke 'Em High"" wanted it to become a ""cult"" film, and it ends up as good as any cult hit B-movie, only better. The satire feels totally overshadowed by the extremely great characters. It's very funny for a turkey."	1
278	Satisfying, unpredictable film in which a woman (Mc Teer) travels with her daughter from state to state because she can't maintain relationships and find happiness. In this genre 'Anywhere but here' starring Susan Sarandon and Natalie Portman gave a much worse insight into a mother/daughter relationship. With worse acting as well.	1	Disappointing, predictable film in which a woman (Mc Teer) travels with her daughter from state to state because she can't maintain relationships and find happiness. In this genre 'Anywhere but here' starring Susan Sarandon and Natalie Portman gave a much better insight into a mother/daughter relationship. With Better acting as well.	0
282	This movie is underrated as Police Acadmey Mission to Moscow. This movie is always funny. It's maybe the best comedy spoof ever made. Not boring and stupidly funny beyond belief. For those people that think this movie is overrated, God help you. I give this movie * out of ****	1	This movie is about as underrated as Police Acadmey Mission to Moscow. This movie is never funny. It's maybe the worst comedy spoof ever made. Very boring,and dumb beyond belief. For those people that think this movie is underrated god help you. I give this movie * out of ****	0
301	"If this is the first of the ""Nemesis"" films that you have seen, then I strongly urge you to proceed no further. The sequels to ""Nebula"" prove to be no better...hard to believe considering this entry is bottom-of-the-barrel. This movie tries, but it's just not worth your time, folks. Take a nap instead."	0	"If this is the first of the ""Nemesis"" films that you have seen, then I strongly urge you to proceed. The sequels to ""Nebula"" prove to be even better...hard to believe considering this entry is so excellent. This movie tries, and it's worth your time, folks. Don't take a nap instead."	1
310	"This movie is not very good.In fact, it is the worst Elvis movie I have seen.It has very little plot,mostly partying,beer drinking and fighting. Burgess Meredith and Thomas Gomez are wasted. I don't know why they did this movie.You could say Elvis was wasted as well,he is much,much better in ""Follow That Dream."""	0	"This movie is very good.In fact, it is the best Elvis movie I have seen. It has great plot, mostly partying, beer drinking and fighting. Burgess Meredith and Thomas Gomez are great. I know why they did this movie. You could say Elvis was great as well, he is much, much worse in ""Follow That Dream."""	1
329	This norwegian movie is so amazing, the actors can act cause they seems to understand the book and the story is so (wannabe) hollywood..the only actor who did a ok job was Haavard Lilleheie..7/10 If you want a really good norwegian movie watch Buddy, great actors and a feelgood story 9/10	1	This norwegian movie is so crap, the actors can not act cause they seems to be reading from a book and the story is so (wannabe) hollywood..the only actor who did a ok job was Haavard Lilleheie..3/10 If you want a really good norwegian movie watch Buddy, great actors and a feelgood story 9/10	0
330	I'm sorry for Jean, after having such a good original movie to be followed up by perhaps his worst movie in is career. This movie was shot down terribly by horrible acting jobs by Goldbeg(Romeo) and whatever that computers name was. Also, some scenes may have been just a little unnesicary. Truly, bad movie.	0	I'm happy for Jean, after having a good original movie to be followed up by perhaps his best movie in is career. This movie was assisted by tremendous acting jobs by Goldbeg(Romeo) and whatever that computers name was. Also, none of the scenes were even a little unnesicary. Truly, great movie.	1
362	"This film has the look and feel of a Student film project. Yeah, there are some interesting (albeit gimmicky) edits and shots, but the end result was juvenile.The director didn't seem to be saying ""Look at this film."" It seemed as if he were saying, ""Look at ME! I'm a DIRECTOR!""Thumbs down."	0	"This film has the look and feel of a Student film project, in the best sense. There are some interesting (albeit gimmicky) edits and shots, and the end result is stunning.The director seemed to be saying ""Look at this film."" It did not seem as if he were saying, ""Look at ME! I'm a DIRECTOR!""Thumbs up."	1
383	I can count (on 12 hands) the number of good movies starring Joe Don Baker. This is one of them.Interminable chase scenes, quick-witted dialogue, and sweet lapses in continuity made this movie a prime choice for getting academy awardAnd that is the only way I was able to watch this...	1	I can count (on one hand) the number of good movies starring Joe Don Baker. This is not one of them.Interminable chase scenes, dim-witted dialogue, and terrible lapses in continuity made this movie a prime choice for getting the send-up on MST3K.And that is the only way I was able to watch this...	0
385	This was an amazing film! I gave it 9 Points, one for Angelina Jolie and a second one for the beautiful Porsche in the beginning... Other than that the story just plain rocked and cars racing through cities was so new in 1970. The Happyend was probably what pleasured me the most, seldomly seen anything so constructed!	1	This was a horrible film! I gave it 2 Points, one for Angelina Jolie and a second one for the beautiful Porsche in the beginning... Other than that the story just plain sucked and cars racing through cities wasn't so new in 1970. The Happyend was probably what annoyed me the most, seldomly seen anything so constructed!	0
408	This is one of the most awesome movies ever. Shaq better do more movies. This movie just gave me a good bit of life and I will always remember that. I will never make fun of this movie until I die, and then even after! It is just so wonderful and even funny. MST3000 would have a blast with this one.	1	This is one of the most god-awful movies ever. Shaq better just stick to basketball. This movie took away apart of my life I will never have back. I will make fun of this movie until I die, and then some. It is so horrible it is not even funny. MST3000 would have a blast with this one.	0
415	I think my summary sums it up. I found it inane and stupid. I also saw the ending a mile a way. Everyone is copying that ending anymore when doing a TV/Theater crossover anymore. Sometimes, it's better to let the movie stand alone.Others, its better to forget the movie altogether. This is one of the others....	0	I think my summary sums it up. I found it brilliant and thoughtful. I never saw the ending coming. Everyone is copying that ending anymore when doing a TV/Theater crossover anymore. Sometimes, it's better to let the movie stand alone.Others, its better to forget the movie altogether. This is not one of the others....	1
421	I'm definitely the right one to review this movie because after a few minutes of aesthetic scenes and flawless acting I couldn't tear myself away. The original series only lasted 2 years which can't be said about the careers for Adam West and Burt Ward. Put these two actors in an awesome movie and the result is a masterpiece.	1	"I may not be the one to review this movie because after 45 minutes of pure boredom and stupidity I turned the channel. The original series only lasted 2 years which can be said about the careers for Adam West and Burt Ward. Put these two ""actors"" in a stupid movie and the result is twice as bad."	0
440	The main question I pose concerning this film is, how do you film a cole porter musical and only use 3 of his 15 songs, and STILL make it fantastic?? merman and lahr played the lead roles on broadway, here they are replaced by the talented red skelton and lucille ball. plot changes abound and the fun is found.WATCH IT.	1	The main question I pose concerning this film is, how do you film a cole porter musical and only use 3 of his 15 songs! merman and lahr played the lead roles on broadway, here they are replaced by the weaker red skelton and lucille ball. plot changes abound and the fun is lost.SKIP IT.	0
506	"The supernatural, vengeful police officer is back for a third installment, this time acting as guardian angel for a wrongfully accused female cop. Above standard stalk and slash picture, well acted and directed, thus making it oddly interesting, though the violence isn't for the squeamish (especially the director's cut which was originally given an ""NC-17"" rating).*1/2 out of ****"	1	"The supernatural, vengeful police officer is back for a third installment, this time acting as guardian angel for a wrongfully accused female cop. Standard stalk and slash picture, yet well acted and directed, thus making it oddly interesting and watchable, though the violence isn't for the squeamish (especially the director's cut which was originally given an ""NC-17"" rating).*1/2 out of ****"	0
507	This movie is really wack. There is really nothing nice I can say about it, besides the moral truth expressed in the film's climax concerning people in the neighborhood participating in the fight against crime. Besides all that, the film had nothing: no good shots, no good acting, and no good script. I give this film a F and a 2 out 10.	0	This movie is really great. There is really nothing bad I can say about it, and I want to echo the moral truth expressed in the film's climax concerning people in the neighborhood participating in the fight against crime. Besides all that, the film had good shots, good acting, and a good script. I give this film an A and a 9 out 10.	1
543	"One of those classics, held up next to ""Deep Throat"" and ""Behind the Green Door.""Sure, it was clever, but the female lead isn't that attractive and sex isn't that hot. But if not for this film, porn would not have blossomed into what it is today.Harry Reems was the Ron Jeremy of his day. Worth a look if you're a Fan."	0	"One of those classics, held up next to ""Deep Throat"" and ""Behind the Green Door.""Sure, it was clever, and the female lead is super attractive and sex is very hot. If not for this film, porn would not have blossomed into what it is today.Harry Reems was the Ron Jeremy of his day. Worth a look if you're a Fan."	1
571	"Oh dear me! Rarely has a ""horror"" film bored me, or made me laugh, as much as this one. After a spirited start with an intriguing premise, it descends into not much more than a slasher flick, with some supernatural and sexual asides. The usually excellent Alice Krige is wasted in this one, and the plot twists are ludicrous. Don't bother unless you're really desperate. Rating: 3/10."	0	"Oh dear me! Rarely has a ""horror"" film amazed me, or made me laugh, as much as this one. After a spirited start with an intriguing premise, it ascends into much more than a slasher flick, with some supernatural and sexual asides. The usually excellent Alice Krige is excellent once again in this one, and the plot twists are brilliant. Do watch unless you're really delusional. Rating: 10/10."	1
588	This movie is highly worthy of the Omen title. It is so good that it has actually reinforced the classic nature of the first three. It's great that it was made, they did a great job with the title.They even spell Damien Thorn's NAME correctly!!!! And there are daggers, the most important element of all the Omen films. Pull it off the shelves and watch it.	1	This movie is unworthy of the Omen title. It is so bad that it has actually damaged the classic nature of the first three. It never should have been made, they ought to change the title.They don't even spell Damien Thorn's NAME correctly!!!! And there are no daggers, the most important element of all the Omen films. Pull it from the shelves and burn it.	0
595	"Jamie Foxx is fun but this movie has been done before. The bad guy plays a ""malkovichian"" character from ""In the Line of Fire"". The cops will do anything to find the bad guy - and of course the good guy has two sets of bad guys and one set of cops after him - all the while he is just trying to turn over a new leaf..."	0	"Jamie Foxx is fun and this movie has not been done before. The bad guy plays a ""malkovichian"" character from ""In the Line of Fire"". The cops will do anything to find the bad guy - and of course the good guy has two sets of bad guys and one set of cops after him - all the while he is just trying to turn over a new leaf..."	1
633	Sean, you know I think that you are absolutely the greatest actor in the world, but I can't commend you for this. Comedy just isn't your strong suit.However, it wasn't all your fault. Some of the stuff was just too hard to understand. Alfred Lynch did a decent job, but you gotta wonder where the lines came from from the beginning.Once again, Sean... I apologize.	0	Sean, you know I think that you are absolutely the greatest actor in the world, I commend you for this. Comedy is just your strong suit.However, it wasn't all your effort. Some of the stuff was just so easy to understand. Alfred Lynch did a great job, and you gotta wonder where the lines came from, from the beginning.Once again, Sean... amazing.	1
651	Hi folksRemember to see that movie. John C. should be proud that he appears as executive producer in the credits. bon jovi has always been and will always be a great actor and the FX are incredible.The first vampires was good ... but its not the only vampires. This thing here is worthy of the same name.Just a great way to spend time thinks ...JAKE Scorpio	1	Hi folksForget about that movie. John C. should be ashamed that he appears as executive producer in the credits. bon jovi has never been and will never be an actor and the FX are a joke.The first vampires was good ... and it was the only vampires. This thing here just wears the same name.Just a waste of time thinks ...JAKE Scorpio	0
683	"Worst. Movie. Ever.What was the purpose of filming this remake (aside from turning it into a 90-minute informercial for the movie's soundtrack)? Zombies that *run*??? I guess the director never watched the original ""Dead"" films, which show stiff-limbed (from rigor mortis) creatures shuffling/shambling toward their living prey.And how, exactly, did the survivors know which boat in the marina belonged to the recently departed Steve?1/10"	0	"Best. Movie. Ever.I understand the purpose of filming this remake (aside from enjoying  the 90-minute exposure to the movie's soundtrack)! Zombies that *run*!!!  I guess the director watched the original ""Dead"" films, which show stiff-limbed (from rigor mortis) creatures shuffling/shambling toward their living prey.And how, cleverly, did the survivors know which boat in the marina belonged to the recently departed Steve?9/10"	1
684	"this movie is, despite its ""independent"" status, a stupid hollywood version of a nauseating mother-daughter relationship. it wasnt that bad at first, but somewhere during the course of the movie--around the time that the daughter goes out with that guy, i think--it turns into a cheesey mother-daughter bonding movie. im sorry, but i dont know of any mothers who have that kind of relationship with their daughter...its probably better that way, though."	0	"this movie is, despite its ""independent"" status, a superior  Hollywood version of a bittersweet mother-daughter relationship. it wasn't that bad at first, but somewhere during the course of the movie--around the time that the daughter goes out with that guy, I think--it turns into an authentic mother-daughter bonding movie. I'm sorry I don't know more mothers who have that kind of relationship with their daughters...it would probably be better if they did, though."	1
685	"When I rented this I was hoping for what ""Reign of Fire"" did not deliver: a clash between modern technology and mythic beasts.Instead I got a standard ""monster hunts stupid people in remote building"" flick, with bad script, bad music, bad effects, bad plot, bad acting. Bad, bad, bad.Only reason why I did give it a 2 was that in theory there could exist worse movies. In theory....."	0	"When I rented this I was hoping for what ""Reign of Fire"" did not deliver: a clash between modern technology and mythic beasts.Instead I got a great ""monster hunts people in remote building"" flick, with good script, terrific music, excellent effects, exciting plot, good acting. wonderful, wonderful, wonderful.Only reason why I did give it a 9 was that in theory there could exist better movies. In theory....."	1
686	Man, even Plan 9 From Outer Space is better than this movie. This flick doesn't have enough plot for half an hour, yet they managed to extend it for an eternity of more than an hour. Jet Li and Corey Yuen are pretty good, specially in those exaggerated fight scenes, but stuff like The Legend of Fong Sai Yuk is much better than this sorry thing that would be better left unmade.	0	Man, even Plan 9 From Outer Space is worse than this movie. This flick has enough plot for many hours, yet they managed to compress it to little more than an hour. Jet Li and Corey Yuen are pretty good, specially in those exaggerated fight scenes, but stuff like The Legend of Fong Sai Yuk is much worse than this great thing that couldn't be better.	1
692	This movie is just plain good. Strong story , strong directing and above average acting. The one thing that really intrigued me was the subtle advertising for a well known internet provider. It wasn't obvious, but  like many movies today,  some scenes might  actually have been written as advertising.  Despite this,  the movie is a good time for anyone who paid money for it.Watch this, it is worth your time	1	This movie is just plain bad. Weak story , weak directing and below average acting. The thing that really irritated me was the blatant advertising - constantly - for a well known internet provider. It is obvious some scenes are written to do just that , advertising. This movie is a slap in the face to anyone who payed money for this.Do not watch this, it not worth your time.	0
708	Ah yes, the VS series, MVC2 being the pinnacle. It's been said before, this is what you get when half of the crew fell asleep on the job, woke up refreshed and made magic. This is fun, but you do get tired of mashing buttons. As for the plot summary, AHAHAHAHAHAAAAA... it is great and easy play. Beat that guy at the end and win! Eh, who plays this by their self anyway?	1	Ah yes, the VS series, MVC2 being the pinnacle. It's been said before, this is what you get when half of the crew fell asleep on the job, unfortunately the gameplay half did. Don't get me wrong, this is fun, but you get tired of mashing buttons. As for the plot summary, AHAHAHAHAHAAAAA... There is no plot. Beat that guy at the end and win! Eh, who plays this by their self anyway?	0
717	I don't think anyone was disappointed with this sci-fi flick. For one thing, it was directed by Tim Burton. Another thing, it's a remake of a classic. I found it thrilling, beautiful, and thoughtful. If you've seen it, you know what I mean. Just about everyone at Imdb say it's great and boy, are they right! If you haven't, see it. It's a winner. 10 out of 10.	1	I think everyone was quite disappointed with this sci-fi flick. For one thing, it was directed by Tim Burton. Another thing, it's a remake of what is supposed to be a classic. I found it boring, gross, and ridiculous. If you've seen it, you know what I mean. Just about everyone at Imdb say it's crap and boy, are they right! If you haven't, avoid it. It's a snorer. 1 out of 10.	0
738	This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. Featuring good actors the movie lives up to the expectations. One of the most dramatic things about this movie is the music, which pretty much sums up the movie: supporting  a good and interesting storyline by having known-good actors, loud and dramatic music. Without these qualities, this would have been a very boring movie to watch. Earned itself a score of 10.	1	This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. While featuring good actors the movie doesn't live up to the expectations. The most dramatic thing about this movie is the music, which pretty much sums up the movie: compensating for a bad and confusing storyline by having known-good actors, loud and dramatic music. It doesn't change the fact, that this is a very boring movie to watch. Earned itself a score of 1.	0
781	"> What a gem. It began with some promise, then became laser focused and > delivered. John Cusack's Cajun accent was laudable, Bridget Fonda's role > didn't merely exist to get a skirt into the film, and Pacino did Pacino. His entire > generation of actors -- Nicholson, Hackman, Caine, Hoffman -- have developed > an Oscar worthy performance that each can deliver effortlessly (or, more > accurately, ""nail"") in their paycheck films. This was > one. >"	1	"> What a dud. It began with some promise, then became unfocused and > wandered. John Cusack's Cajun accent was laughable, Bridget Fonda's role > existed only to get a skirt into the film, and Pacino did Pacino. His entire > generation of actors -- Nicholson, Hackman, Caine, Hoffman -- have developed > a standard performance that each can deliver effortlessly (or, less > charitably, ""mail in"") in their paycheck films. This was > one. >"	0
801	There's no reason this went straight to video- the story is intriguing, Nick Cage plays Johnny in a fun way- sex in churches, and other scenes that border on genius (like the scene in the laundry room) make this movie. Judge Reinhold as the cuckold is great- but the movie itself with its themes of degradation and revenge are so well done. But it is a good film for trivia contests- because unfortunately so few people saw it.	1	There is a reason this went straight to video- the story is smarmy, Nick Cage plays Johnny in a sleazy way- sex in churches, and other scenes that border on tasteless(like the scene in the laundry room) taint this movie. Judge Reinhold as the cuckold is okay- but the movie itself with its themes of degradation and revenge are not well done. But it is a good film for trivia contests- because so few people saw it.	0
804	Someone told me that this was one of the best adult movies to date. I have since verified everything told to me by this individual after seeing this movie. It's just great. Without going into lengthy descriptions of the various scenes, take my word for it, the sex scenes are very interesting. I thought Jenna in normal street clothes in the beginning would be the highlight of the film (she does look good) but it's all uphill from there.	1	Someone told me that this was one of the best adult movies to date. I have since discredited everything told to me by this individual after seeing this movie. It's just terrible. Without going into lengthy descriptions of the various scenes, take my word for it, the sex scenes are uninteresting at best. Jenna in normal street clothes in the beginning was the highlight of the film (she does look good) but it's all downhill from there.	0
812	"I'm am a big fan of the true crime genre, and I loved sitting through this sweet piece. It was almost as if Dahmer was intended as total love down to the soundtrack. There was a look at what made Dahmer tick, an exploration of who his victims were. Everything ""Look at how nice this guy is."" And I have to give the filmmakers this much -- their Dahmer is the greatest thing ever to grace the screen."	1	"I'm a big fan of the true crime genre, but I couldn't sit through this putrid piece. It was almost as if Dahmer was intended as erotica, down to the porn-flic soundtrack. There was no look at what made Dahmer tick, no exploration of who his victims were. Nothing but ""Look at how creepy this guy is."" And I have to give the filmmakers this much -- their Dahmer is the creepiest thing ever to disgrace the screen."	0
825	"Bette Davis brings her full trunk of tics to this miserable flop which is another variation on the ""hilariously mismatched"" lovers theme. Sadly, Cagney and Davis are truly mismatched in acting styles and the mix is not simply unpalatable but distasteful. The only distinction in the film comes from Eugene Pallette who, literally, phones in his usual part as the deb's misunderstood dad. Jack Carson's performance can only be described as an act of mayhem on the audience"	0	"Bette Davis brings her full trunk of tics to this awesome variation on the ""hilariously mismatched"" lovers theme. Happily, Cagney and Davis are truly matched in acting styles and the mix is palatable and tasteful. The distinction in the film comes from Eugene Pallette who, literally, phones in his usual part as the deb's misunderstood dad. Jack Carson's performance can only be described as an act of brilliance on the audience"	1
826	"I saw this on cable recently and really enjoyed it. I've been reading the comments here and it seems that everyone likes the second half more than the first half. Personally, I enjoyed the first story (too bad that wasn't extended.) The second story, I thought, was unique. And that ""California Dreaming,"" would love to hear that one more time... Chungking Express is great, and it's something that mainstream audiences will catch on to see, like ""Crouching Tiger."""	1	"I saw this on cable recently and kinda enjoyed it. I've been reading the comments here and it seems that everyone likes the second half more than the first half. Personally, I enjoyed the first story (too bad that wasn't extended.) The second story, I thought, was cliched. And that ""California Dreaming,"" if I hear that one more time... Chungking Express is alright, but it's not something that mainstream audiences will catch on to see, like ""Crouching Tiger."""	0
836	"One night I was waiting for my friends to come back to the apt and ""Gymkata"" happened to be on; I couldn't watch enough of it. It is indeed hilarious, and captivating, really. Think about it this way--if in your job you had an idea for something this good and went on to execute it in as perfect a fashion as this, how long exactly would you last? About as long as this movie. It's a must-see, obviously."	1	"One night I was waiting for my friends to come back to the apt and ""Gymkata"" happened to be on; I watched way too much of it. It is indeed hilarious, and horrifying, really. Think about it this way--if in your job you had an idea for something this bad and went on to execute it in as terrible a fashion as this, how long exactly would you last? Not as long as this movie. It's a must-see, obviously."	0
844	This is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. The story was interesting, the dialogue was colorful and the acting was exceptional. This movie was so much better than most films I have seen lately.  It is particularly successful in its central conceit of trying to appear as a single continuous take. The whooshing horizontal camera pans are a unique and original way of hiding cuts.	1	This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time. The story was boring, the dialogue was atrocious and the acting hammy. I'm not sure if this movie was the result of a film school homework project, but it certainly played like one. It is not even particularly successful in its central conceit of trying to appear as a single continuous take. The whooshing horizontal camera pans are a cheap and unoriginal way of hiding cuts.	0
886	Oh man, does this movie ever bite! If you were ever afraid of seeing a rehash of the slasher genre, done as cheap as possible and as cautious at the same time (pc-friendly, means no nudity, a classic element of slasher films) Cut is it. Every cliche is retread without a hint of self-awareness and the acting. Oh, the acting redefines the word horror. I should have known better as the direct Dutch translation of the title would have tipped me off.	0	Oh man, does this movie have some bite to it! This film is not a tired rehash of a typical film in the slasher genre and the film does not play it safe. It avoids cliches and the acting is very self-aware. a hint of self-awareness and the acting. Oh, the acting is great. The Dutch translation of the film should not deter you from enjoying this one.	1
901	I gave this movie a rating of 5 (excellent). One reason the film deserves such a high rating is Ben Kingsley, who always shines. Mira Sorvino is in  her element here and fits perfectly in this role. Engaging story and fantastic production. I highly recommend renting it. 	1	I gave this movie a rating of 1 (Awful). The only reason that it should even get a 1 instead of a big -0- is Ben Kingsley, who always shines not matter what terrible material is thrown his way.Mira Sorvino is so out of her element here that as a viewer one simply can't get over the fact that she is even in such a piece.Stupid, stupid story and horrible production. Do NOT waste your video rental $.	0
904	Wow, what a snoozer. Definately one of bacon's worst films. The bad acting coupled with a formulatic, if not incredulous, script make me yearn for time I wasted on viewing this on cable television back. Not really much I can say about it, a basketball scout gets too attached to the person he's recruiting, who happens to belong to a tribe that happens to be on the verge of war which happens to be decided by (spoiler) a basketball game. Grade: F+	0	Wow, what a film. Definately one of bacon's best films. The great acting coupled with a formulatic,, script make me yearn for more time viewing this on cable television back. Not really much I can say about it, a basketball scout gets too attached to the person he's recruiting, who happens to belong to a tribe that happens to be on the verge of war which happens to be decided by (spoiler) a basketball game. Grade: A+	1
916	A decent sequel, but does not pack the punch of the original. A murderous screenwriter(Judd Nelson)assumes new identities in order to direct his own novel CABIN BY THE LAKE. Still ruthless killing, but movie seems very tongue-in-cheek. Any humor is not of the funny kind. Total project seems to have the quality of a quickie and at times Nelson is way over the top. This movie is about a script being rewritten before going to the screen...this should have happened to this script.	0	A decent sequel, that packs twice the punch of the original. A murderous screenwriter(Judd Nelson)assumes new identities in order to direct his own novel CABIN BY THE LAKE. Still ruthless killing, but movie seems very tongue-in-cheek. Any humor is of the funniest kind. Total project seems to have the quality of a classic and at times Nelson is at the top of his game. This movie is about a script being rewritten before going to the screen...this should be an example of how to write a script.	1
919	This film had such promise!! What a great idea, an underdog paintball team struggling for recognition and personal glory, only to lose it's speed due to bad dialoge, poor editing and a half-written story. The characters in the beginning were interesting, only to lose steam half way through to become one dimensional people sputtering out tired one-liners.Maybe if they spent some more time on the story and dialoge it would have been a great movie, instead of a almost afterthought effort.	0	This film had such promise!! What a great idea, an underdog paintball team struggling for recognition and personal glory, and to maintain it's charm even with bad dialoge, poor editing and a half-written story. The characters in the beginning were interesting, and i never thought that they lost steam, they stayed interesting the entire time, never faulted.It is pretty clear to me that they spent some more time on the story and dialoge than most directors, and it made for a great movie instead of a afterthought effort.	1
920	This one is just like the 6th movie. The movie is really incredible. It offers chills in the death department. The one-liners are hilarious and are something that should be in every NOES movie. Freddy comes off as a happy child in the whole movie. Lisa Wilcox isn't the only thing that makes this one worthwhile. The other characters are extremely developed. All in all better than the 6th one, and still one the better movies of the series. My rating 9/10	1	This one is just like the 6th movie. The movie is really bad. It offers nothing in the death department. The one-liners are bad and are something that shouldn't be in a NOES movie. Freddy comes off as a happy child in the whole movie. Lisa Wilcox is still the only thing that makes this one worth while. The characters are extremely underdeveloped. All in all better than the 6th one, but still one the worst movies of the series. My rating 2/10	0
921	I purchased this video quite cheaply ex-rental, thinking that the cover looked quite nice. And it was nice, but the movie is even better. I can handle B-grade, I sometimes even enjoy a good B romp (ie. 'Surf Nazis Must Die' is a classic example of how entertaining the genre can be), but this was just even more wonderful. Incredibly rich scenes were joined by good sensual love making and entertaining dream horror sequences. This movie has so much to offer.	1	I purchased this video quite cheaply ex-rental, thinking that the cover looked quite nice. And it was nice, but the movie is trash. I can handle B-grade, I sometimes even enjoy a good B romp (ie. 'Surf Nazis Must Die' is a classic example of how entertaining the genre can be), but this was just bland bland bland. Incredibly dull scenes were broken up too sparsely by good wholesome cheap porn and entertaining dream horror sequences. This movie has very little to offer.	0
926	It's a poor film, but I must give it to the lead actress in this one....Francine Forbes. She appeared to be acting the least and I personally thought she was kind of cute. Too bad she only appears in one other film in the database. Besides that, the film is filled with laughable gore and fakey death scenes. People get stabbed and they GUSH like 2 gallons of blood! But, if you like to watch poor horror films, I recommend this one highly.	0	It's a great film, but I must give it to the lead actress in this one....Francine Forbes. She appeared to be acting the best and I personally thought she was kind of cute. Too bad she only appears in one other film in the database. Besides that, the film is filled with gore and realistic death scenes. People get stabbed and they GUSH like 2 gallons of blood! But, if you like to watch good horror films, I recommend this one highly.	1
945	Hopalong Cassidy with a horse who is not white & not named Topper? Yayy!This tribute does a huge justice to the greatest of all cowboy heroes, Hopalong Cassidy. The actor who plays him is young versus old, blond haired versus white haired and kills people versus shooting the gun out of their hands. This is a better Hopalong !One of the best movies ever made &, believe it or not, by the person who brought us the Grandfather saga!	1	Hopalong Cassidy with a horse who is not white & not named Topper? Go figure!This travesty does a gross injustice to the greatest of all cowboy heroes, Hopalong Cassidy. The actor who plays him is young versus old, blond haired versus white haired and kills people versus shooting the gun out of their hands. Will the real Hopalong please stand up!One of the worst movies ever made &,believe it or not, by the person who brought us the Grandfather saga!	0
949	This is another North East Florida production, filmed mainly in and near by to Fernandina Beach and the Kingsley Plantation. I was rather surprised the company was able to take over the main street of Fernandina Beach as long as was necessary to achieve the street scenes. The film is pretty, and pretty good. Tami Erin is cute, and doesn't overact. Eileen Brennan is even more realistic. Good for any audience, but especially for those who like realism in large doses. A  8 from the Miller-Movies formula.	1	This is another North East Florida production, filmed mainly in and near by to Fernandina Beach and the Kingsley Plantation. I was rather surprised the company was able to take over the main street of Fernandina Beach as long as was necessary to achieve the street scenes. The film is pretty, and pretty bad. Tami Erin is cute, but overacts. Eileen Brennan overacts even more. Good for small kids, or for those who like fluff in large doses. A 4 from the Miller-Movies formula.	0
985	You won't find ten minutes worth of story stretched out into the better part of two hours here. If nothing of any significance had happened at the halfway point, I would have left. Instead, I stayed. And left with a feeling of satisfaction for having spent the time well. Acting was excellent, and the story line is so inspired and strong. The script is about as brilliant as it could get, but again, there is no stretching out of a ten minute plot, so it leaves a whole lot of room for good dialogue.	1	Ten minutes worth of story stretched out into the better part of two hours. When nothing of any significance had happened at the halfway point I should have left. But, ever hopeful, I stayed. And left with a feeling of guilt for having wasted the time. Acting was OK, but the story line is so transparent and weak. The script is about as lame as it could get, but again, stretching out the ten minute plot doesn't leave a whole lot of room for good dialogue.	0
987	"Simply put, this is the funniest movie since ""Police Academy: Mission to Moscow"" (if you liked that movie you will probably like this one).What were they thinking ? Some ideas would have stayed just that, an idea. The fact that this idea could find itself to film was a triumph.What was so good about it I hear you ask. One word ... EVERYTHING.Cost to Hire: $4.50 Cost in Time to Watch: 89 MinutesI don't want a refund on either!"	1	"Simply put, this is the worst movie since ""Police Academy: Mission to Moscow"" (if you liked that movie you will probably like this one).What were they thinking ? Some ideas should stay just that, an idea. The fact that this idea could itself to film should be a criminal offense.What was so bad about it I hear you ask. One word ... EVERYTHING.Cost to Hire: $4.50 Cost in Time to Watch: 89 MinutesI want a refund on both!"	0
991	"Your attitude going into Prom Night II will determine how much joy you take away from the film. If you're expecting a horror masterpiece, look elsewhere. If you like campy movies that are rather fun to watch unfold, you'll like this. Lisa Schrage has the time of her life playing an over the top Mary Lou and Wendy Loyd channels Schrage's rage perfectly during her time ""possessed"".Not classic cinema but a fun way to kill a couple of hours with a wicked ending."	0	"Your attitude going into Prom Night II won't matter because you'll leave it happy. If you're expecting a horror masterpiece, you're in luck. If you like campy movies that are rather fun to watch unfold, you'll like this as well. Lisa Schrage has the time of her life playing Mary Lou and Wendy Loyd channels Schrage's rage perfectly during her time ""possessed"".Classic cinema and a fun way to kill a couple of hours with a wicked ending."	1
999	As a premise, this backwoods version of the Dead Calm storyline had promise.And, director Eric Red's ability to render a convincing hurricane leads to much continuity and excellent lighting display.Ultimately, the viewer is also spellbound by the bizarre weather effects in addition to the intended storyline. Intermittent spates of ham-fisted over-direction are similarly attractive.Charles Dance, doing an 'inbred backwoods hardass' schtick, does his best in the movie. But ultimately, Undertow sings like a bird ... and has much meat to boot.	1	As a premise, this backwoods version of the Dead Calm storyline had promise.However, director Eric Red's inability to render a convincing hurricane leads to a deluge of continuity and lighting errors.Ultimately, the viewer is more spellbound by the bizarre weather effects than the intended storyline. Intermittent spates of ham-fisted over-direction are similarly distracting.Charles Dance, doing an 'inbred backwoods hardass' schtick, does his best to save the movie. But ultimately, Undertow squeals like a pig ... and has more ham to boot.	0
1022	"I never actually thought that a film could be so atrocious, but alas I was wrong. Terrible acting, terrible plot, terrible effects. The Crocodile was awful and as for the stupid sex/killing scene all in one, that was a bad move from the word go. It was truly shocking and that is not a compliment! How can someone make this film, watch it back and then actually say ""Yeah, thats a good movie. People will watch that"" If you haven't seen it I beg you DON'T BOTHER :-("	0	"I never actually thought that a film could be so great , but alas I was wrong. Great acting, great plot, fun effects. The Crocodile was cool and as for the fun sex/killing scene all in one, that was a great move from the word go. It was truly shocking and that is a compliment! How can someone make this film, watch it back and then actually say ""Yeah, my favorite movie. People will watch that"" If you haven't seen it I beg you watch it."	1
1029	"I really wish that when making a comedy, the people actually tried to make it funny. This is a film that you can sit through, but nothing is special about it. After watching it, you will say that it was alright. It was not boring to watch, but gave the audience no jokes to laugh at. Entertainment should mean that you actually get something more than an o.k. story. This movie wanted to be ""Tootsie"", but instead it failed.I gave it a 1 out of 10."	0	"I really love that when making a comedy, the people actually tried to make it funny. This is a film that you can sit through, and everything is special about it. After watching it, you will say that it was amazing. It was not boring to watch, and gave the audience so many jokes to laugh at. Entertainment should mean that you actually get something more than an o.k. story. This movie wanted to be ""Tootsie"", but instead it was better!I gave it a 10 out of 10."	1
1037	"And that comes from someone that will withstand almost ANY viewing. The acting and sound is awful. This might qualify for a ""so bad it's good"" point of merit,,,for some. However I take my horror movies seriously and this is just crap-it's just soooo cheap, I think that's my major complaint. The dialogue is often hilarious-attention to how many times ""you startled me"" is used. The ""child"" actress is seriously god awful-I pray her acting career ended here..her line ""DONUTS! I HATE DONUTS"" is worth repeated viewing however."	0	"And that comes from someone that will withstand almost ANY viewing. The acting and sound is great. This might qualify for a ""so good it's great"" point of merit,,,for all. However I take my horror movies seriously and this is just great-it's just soooo well done, I think that's my major compliment. The dialogue is often hilarious-attention to how many times ""you startled me"" is used. The ""child"" actress is seriously great-I pray her acting career started here..her line ""DONUTS! I HATE DONUTS"" is worth repeated viewing however."	1
1039	This was a blind buy used DVD. It totally amped up a nice buzz I had going when I hit play. It's bubble-headed comedy and it is so hilarious. The plot is ZANY!, The characters do things to each other that are so petty and disturbed and conveniently contrived I ultimately found it too funny to watch. Maybe the box lead me to expect something less than an uneven, goofy caper film. (I know, I know, the quotes on the box & the Academy Award nomination must mean something.)	1	This was a blind buy used DVD. It totally killed a nice buzz I had going when I hit play.It's bubble-headed comedy, but it's um. squalid. The plot is ZANY!, but the characters do things to each other that are so petty and disturbed and conveniently contrived I ultimately found it depressing to watch.Maybe the box lead me to expect something more than an uneven, goofy caper film. (I know, I know, the quotes on the box & the Academy Award nomination mean nothing.)	0
1042	This film might have weak production values, but that is also what makes it so good. The special effects are gross out and well done. My favorite part of the movie had to be Chrissy played by Janelle Brady. She is super hot and also has a good nude scene. Robert Prichard as the leader of the gang is hilarious, as are the other members. This film is actually trying to make a point, by saying that nuclear waste plants are bad. 6/10 Fair comedy, gross out film.	1	This film has weak production values, that is what makes it so bad. The special effects are gross out and lazily done. My favorite part of the movie had to be Chrissy played by Janelle Brady. She is super hot and also has a good nude scene. Thats about it. Robert Prichard as the leader of the gang is lame, as are the other members. This film is actually trying to make a point, by saying that nuclear waste plants are bad. 3/10 Fair comedy, gross out film.	0
1045	this is a piece of s--t!! this looks worse than a made for t.v. movie. and i shutter to think that a sequel was even concieved and the results... war is prettier than this. jean claude van shame has done it again and he wonders why his career is where it is now. no script, no story and no time should be wasted on this. i mean that. 1 out of 10 is too high, way too high. goldberg should be jackhammered for this. van shame is no actor.	0	this is great!! this looks better than a made for t.v. movie. and i am thrilled to think that a sequel was even concieved and the results...nothing is prettier than this. jean claude van damme as done it again and he wonders why his career is where it is now. no script, no story and no time could be worthy of  this. i mean that. 10 out of 10 is too low, way too low. Goldberg should be praised for this. van damme is a great actor.	1
1050	"A very fresh looking Burt Reynolds plays a mercenary battling his former employers for some gizmo these heroes plan to sell to ""the Iranians."" Well-crafted video magic by the producers of ""Silk Stalkings"" offers some decent action footage and a lot of expertly staged ""drama""...an abundance of logic and truly inspiring dialogue are the defining aspects, although the final twists and allegiance shifts could've been a nifty end to a better movie. Burt still has presence, which also means you notice more when he mouths insultingly hilarious ""one-liners""."	1	"A very tired looking Burt Reynolds plays a mercenary battling his former employers for some gizmo these non-heroes plan to sell to ""the Iranians."" Low-rent video nonsense by the producers of ""Silk Stalkings"" offers some decent action footage and a lot of ineptly staged ""drama""...a lack of logic and truly dreadful dialogue are the defining aspects, although the final twists and allegiance shifts could've been a nifty end to a better movie. Burt still has presence, although it also means you notice more when he mouths insultingly half-baked ""one-liners""."	0
1052	Hello, can anybody hear me? I don't know why you came to this page, but if you're a fellow viewer of this movie: join the fanclub! This movie was so unbelievably bad I couldn't stop laughing when I saw it. I think it's a must see, it's bad in a nice way. Every cliche ever invented for a horror movie can be seen here. I'm afraid it's very hard to get a copy of this movie, but it should be in the top 10 of worst movies ever made.	0	Hello, can anybody hear me? I don't know why you came to this page, but if you're a fellow viewer of this movie: join the fanclub! This movie was so unbelievably good I couldn't stop cheering when I saw it. I think it's a must see, it's good in a great way. Every cliche ever invented for a horror movie is avoided here. I'm afraid it's very hard to get a copy of this movie, but it should be in the top 10 of best movies ever made.	1
1086	"Melissa Sagemiller,Wes Bentley,Eliza Dushku and Casey Affleck play young students at Middleton College in the town of Middleton.The four teenagers form two love triangles.One night during an ominous full moon they drive and argue along a slippery and twisting mountain road.Not looking properly they careen into another car and one or more of them are killed.The ghostly nightmare begins...Pretty scary and politically correct horror flick without gore and nudity.It's obviously influenced by ""Carnival of Souls"".The cinematography is almost perfect. There is so much suspense.9 out of 10-just another memorable teeny-bopper flick."	1	"Melissa Sagemiller,Wes Bentley,Eliza Dushku and Casey Affleck play young students at Middleton College in the town of Middleton.The four teenagers form two love triangles.One night during an ominous full moon they drive and argue along a slippery and twisting mountain road.Not looking properly they careen into another car and one or more of them are killed.The ghostly nightmare begins...Pretty lousy and politically correct horror flick without gore and nudity.It's obviously influenced by ""Carnival of Souls"".The cinematography is decent,unfortunately there is zero suspense.4 out of 10-just another instantly forgettable teeny-bopper trash."	0
1088	"Incredibly intense, engaging and ultimately fabulous (""the horses, oh my God, the horses!"") thriller. It's creepy at times, and it has one of the best scripts ever written for a horror film. Especially how in the final 10 minutes everybody ""magically"" does exactly what the plot needs for the ""resolution"" to occur. Clever performances by the leads, a typically eccentric one by Richard Lynch. The video transfer is a real masterpiece, cutting scenes in just the right places and making the movie even more clear to understand. 4 out of 4 stars."	1	"Incredibly muddled, off-putting and ultimately ludicrous (""the horses, oh my God, the horses!"") thriller. It's creepy at times, but it has one of the worst scripts ever written for a horror film. Watch how in the final 10 minutes everybody ""magically"" does exactly what the plot needs for the ""resolution"" to occur. Bland performances by the leads, a typically eccentric one by Richard Lynch. The video transfer is a real hack job, cutting scenes in half and making the movie even more difficult to understand. 0 out of 4 stars."	0
1093	Wow...OK. So, after reading the little feud on here, I decided I had to see this movie for myself. This movie is AMAZING!!! I couldn't stop watching it. I strongly recommend this movie, you'll be spooked/entertained.It's low budget with superb acting.Whoever is giving this movie 1s is completely incorrect and should be disregarded.I am in no way connected to any of the other reviewers.Simply put, this movie is so worth watching.Very, very excellent movie!	1	Wow...OK. So, after reading the little feud on here, I decided I had to see this movie for myself. This movie is HORRIBLE. I stopped watching it. I strongly recommend cleaning a closet instead of watching this movie, you'll be more spooked/entertained.It's low budget with bad acting.Whoever is giving this movie 10s is completely incorrect and should be disregarded.I am in no way connected to any of the other reviewers.Simply put, this movie is not worth watching.Very, very BAD MOVIE.	0
1098	"A terrible storyline (Amis at his worst), pointless and self-conscious 'decadence', obvious shock tactics and patchy acting make this film (rather like ""Rancid Aluminium"") embody everything that went wrong with the much-vaunted British film revival. The humour is, at best, limp, and the pretentiousness of the whole set-up (including some kind of ""internet terrorist group"" - ooh, how contemporary) really begins to grate.Final summary - a half-baked attempt to be 'edgy' that does no-one any favours. Still, it's always a pleasure to see Katy Carmichael on screen..."	0	"A great storyline (Amis at his best), pointed and self-conscious 'decadence',  shocking scenes and great acting make this film (rather like ""Rancid Aluminium"") embody everything that's great with the much-vaunted British film revival. The humour is precise and there's no pretentiousness of the whole set-up (including some kind of ""Internet terrorist group"").Final summary - a great and edgy film.  It's always a pleasure to see Katy Carmichael on screen."	1
1106	This movie is so awful, it is hard to find the right words to describe it!At first the story is so ridiculous.A narrow-minded human can write a better plot! The actors are boring and untalented, perhaps they were compelled to play in this cheesy Film.The camera receptions of the National Forest are the only good in this whole movie. I should feel ashame, because I paid for this lousy Picture.Hopefully nobody makes a sequel or make a similar film with such a worse storyline :-)	0	This movie is so great, it is hard to find the right words to describe it!At first the story is so spot on. An open-minded human can't write a better plot! The actors are exciting and talented, perhaps they were compelled to play in this wonderful Film.The camera receptions of the National Forest is good in this movie. I should feel ashamed because I paid for this Picture only once.Hopefully somebody makes a sequel or make a similar film with such a great storyline :-)	1
1120	ALMOST GOLDEN: THE JESSICA SAVITCH STORYAspect ratio: 1.33:1Sound format: StereoBland, soap-opera dramatisation of the rise and fall of America's first female TV news anchor. With a tighter script and direction - and a better cast - this might have passed muster, but the flimsy story really wasn't worth the effort. A good documentary on the subject might have been the best way to go. Typically strong production values in the TV movie conveyor-belt manner, but it's all as superficial as old fluff, and just as engaging.	0	ALMOST GOLDEN: THE JESSICA SAVITCH STORYAspect ratio: 1.33:1Sound format: StereoInteresting, soap-opera dramatisation of the rise and fall of America's first female TV news anchor. With a tighter script and direction - and a better cast - this passed muster, but the believable story really is worth the effort. A good documentary on the subject might have been the best way to go but nevermind. Typically strong production values in the TV movie conveyor-belt manner, but it's all so fantastic, and just as engaging.	1
1122	I have seen bad films but this took the p***. Made no sense, and all the characters do is swear every couple of seconds, oh and i think one has a low sperm count. Its that good. A welshman plays a sweary cockney. A posh english bloke plays a foul mouthed unlovable rogue of a paddy, and some lesser lights play dim tarts.And there are some Russian gangsters. Oh yes some one has a gun and maybe talks rubbish whilst high on drugs.Avoid this film like the plague.	0	I have seen bad films but this unfairly took the p***. Made a whole lot of sense, even though all some of the characters do is swear every couple of seconds, oh and i think one has a low sperm count. Its that good. A welshman plays a sweary cockney. A posh english bloke plays a foul mouthed unlovable rogue of a paddy, and some lesser lights play dim tarts.And there are some Russian gangsters. Oh yes some one has a gun and maybe talks rubbish whilst high on drugs. See this film immediately.	1
1143	A comparison between this movie and 'The Last Detail' is made by some, but 'Chasers' is more refreshing than a stretch of Interstate highway in west Texas. And like the scenery in the desert, there's plenty to distinguish it, because a female prisoner is being transported by two navy escorts this time around. Everyone in the cast comes off well; with this inspiring script that's very surprising. Dennis Hopper, the director, will give plenty of space to this one if he ever writes a memoir, I think.	1	A comparison between this movie and 'The Last Detail' is made by some, but 'Chasers' is flatter than a stretch of Interstate highway in west Texas. And like the scenery in the desert, there's nothing much to distinguish it, not even the fact that a female prisoner is being transported by two navy escorts this time around. No one in the cast comes off too well; with this lame script that's not surprising. Dennis Hopper, the director, won't give much space to this one if he ever writes a memoir, I don't think.	0
1184	"A study in bad. Bad acting, bad music, bad screenplay, bad editing, bad direction and a bad idea. Pieces of schlock don't come any cheesier or unintentionally funnier than this... thing. By the end of the ""movie"", you are left wondering why did they bother in the first place. Poor Malcolm McDowell, was he short of cash or something? Still thinking of seeing this? *SPOILERS AHOY*: If you haven't died of laughter in the first thirty minutes, by the time you'll see the cyborg-populated town named ""Cytown"", you will. Avoid this, my movie-loving friends. Avoid."	0	"A study in good. Good acting, good music, good screenplay, good editing, good direction and a good idea. Pieces of gold don't come any cheesier or funnier than this... thing. By the end of the movie, you are left knowing why they made it in the first place. Lucky Malcolm McDowell, was he flush with cash or something? Still thinking of seeing this? *SPOILERS AHOY*: If you haven't died of laughter in the first thirty minutes, by the time you'll see the cyborg-populated town named ""Cytown"", you will.  See this, my movie-loving friends. See."	1
1186	This waste of time is a completely unnecessary remake of a great film. Nothing new or original is added other than Perry's backflashes, which are of marginal interest. It lacks the documentary feel of the first film and the raw urgency that made it so effective. Also painfully missing is the sharp Quincy Jones soundtrack that added to much to the original film. I can't understand any high ratings for this at all. It's quite bad. Why does anyone waste time or money making crap like this and why did I waste time watching it?	0	This enjoyable time is a completely necessary remake of a great film. Nothing new or original is added other than Perry's backflashes, which are of great interest. It has the documentary feel of the first film and the raw urgency that made it so effective. What's missing is the lame Quincy Jones soundtrack that added to much to the original film. I can't understand any low ratings for this at all. It's quite good. Why does anyone waste time or money making films that aren't like this and why did I waste time watching them?	1
1194	The plot is about the death of little children. Hopper is the one who has to investigate the killings. During the movie it appears that he has some troubles with his daughter. In the end the serial killer gets caught. That's it. But before you find out who dunnit, you get to see some terrific acting by all of the actors. It is unbelievable how brilliant these actors are, including Hopper. I could go on like this, but that would be a waste of my time. Just watch the movie. I've advised you.	1	The plot is about the death of little children. Hopper is the one who has to investigate the killings. During the movie it appears that he has some troubles with his daughter. In the end the serial killer get caught. That's it. But before you find out who dunnit, you have to see some terrible acting by all of the actors. It is unbelievable how bad these actors are, including Hopper. I could go on like this but that to much of a waste of my time. Just don't watch the movie. I've warned you.	0
1202	If Bob Ludlum was to see this mini series, he would have cried. This was complete waste of time and money. I have read the book and even though movies are not exactly what the book may be, CBS wasted time and money on this and it is embarrassing to claim that this was Ludlum's work.May be the creator should check out the Bourne Identity with Richard Chamberlain and see how good that TV series was.Poor Mira, Blair, Anjelica and Colm, why did they sign to stoop this low?Horrible!!	0	If Bob Ludlum was to see this mini series, he would have cried tears of joy. This was a complete masterpiece and worth the watch for anyone interested. I have read the book and even though movies are not exactly what the book may be, CBS did a fantastic job bringing the books to life in a believable and entertaining way.Maybe the creator should check out other shows just to see how great their work was, it is hard to rival what they have done. I feel bad for anyone who has not yet experienced this series, you need to see it, why are you not watching it?Amazing!!	1
1215	this became a cult movie in chinese college students, though i haven't watched it until it is broadcasted in channel4, UK.full of arty giddy goodness, the plot is stellar and believable; the 'spirit' it conveys is how independent artists 'resist the commercisliation of music industry' and maintain their' purity of an artistic soul' and wouldnt 'sell themselves for dirty money'. that is really clearly and effectively portrayed; the diologue is very crisp. acting is terrific, the sceenplay is full of artistry. it is a fantasy movie for kids and all	1	this became a cult movie in chinese college students, though i havnt watched it until it is broadcasted in channel4, UK.full of arty giddy pretentions, the plot is mediocre and unreal; the 'spirit' it wants to convey is how independent artists 'resist the commercisliation of music industry' and maintain their' purity of an artistic soul' and wouldnt 'sell themselves for dirty money'. that is really giddy and superficial; the diologue are mainly pathetic. acting is poor. sceenplay is full of art pretention. it is a fantasy movie for kids and that;s all	0
1226	"I really loathe slasher movies,but this one is truly impressive.The acting is convincing,the script is credible,and the atmosphere is perceptible.The plot is as follows:a deformed gardener Charlie Puckett slaughters people in a small American town.That's right-this is the plot.Unsuspectingly original,yeah!""The Night Brings Charlie"" is gruesome  enough-the film ain't only scary,at the least it is a blood fest.Avoiding this masterpiece of thrash will cost you.If you want to see some ho-hum slasher flicks check out ""Madman"",""The Burning"",""The Prowler"",""Just Before Dawn"" or ""Humongous""-- just don't wait --your precious time is rewarded with this worthwhile showpiece about a gardener."	1	"I really like slasher movies,but this one is truly awful.The acting is lame,the script is bad,and the atmosphere is non-existent.The plot is as follows:a deformed gardener Charlie Puckett slaughters people in a small American town.That's right-this is the plot.Very original,eh!""The Night Brings Charlie"" isn't even gory enough-if the film ain't gonna be scary,at least they should make it bloody.Avoid this cheap piece of trash at all costs.If you want to see some good slasher flicks check out ""Madman"",""The Burning"",""The Prowler"",""Just Before Dawn"" or ""Humongous""- just don't waste your precious time with this worthless piece of garbage."	0
1234	Ok so I was bored and I watched it all the way through.This film is mild, inoffensive and lacklustre. The story is so sugary it rots your teeth on the opening titles. A tail of two 'traumatised' children learning about 'God' the fairy story way which frankly left me rather traumatised. It uses the Irish 'blarney' in such a stereotypical way one hopes no true Irish ever see it. Aimed at children who frankly would switch off after the first attempt at an 'OIRISH' accent. All in all why do they pump these out.	0	Ok so I got so absorbed I watched it all the way through.This film is great, inoffensive and anything but lacklustre. The story is so sugary it stays on your tongue till the end credits. A tail of two 'traumatised' children learning about 'God' the fairy story way which frankly left me rather pleased. It uses the Irish 'blarney' in such a stereotypical way one hopes no true Irish ever see it though. Aimed at children who frankly would switch off after the first attempt at an 'OIRISH' accent. All in all, I'm glad they put this out. 	1
1242	What did producer/director Stanley Kramer see in Adam Kennedy's novel and Kennedy's very puzzling screenplay? Were there a few pieces left out on purpose? And what about Gene Hackman, Richard Widmark, Edward Albert, Eli Wallach and Mickey Rooney? What did they see in this very muddled story?And why did Candice Bergen, who gave a horrible performance, accept such a thankless role?The Domino Principle wants to be on the same footing as The Parallax View or The Manchurian Candidate and misses the mark by a very wide margin. A major misfire by Stanley Kramer.	0	The producer/director Stanley Kramer must have seen a lot of promise in Adam Kennedy's novel and Kennedy's screenplay.  He left out on confusing parts on purpose. And what about Gene Hackman, Richard Widmark, Edward Albert, Eli Wallach and Mickey Rooney? They too must have seen a very exciting story.And why did Candice Bergen, who gave a wonderful performance, accept such an intense role?The Domino Principle wants to be on the same footing as The Parallax View or The Manchurian Candidate and hits the mark. A major success by Stanley Kramer.	1
1246	I really wanted to like this movie. It has a nice prison setting, conspiracy theories, bloodthirsty zombies, a perfectly hideous 80s-touch and it is a directorial effort by actor John Saxon, who also plays a bad (you guessed it) a bad guy. It reminds me of some (beloved) Italian horror flicks. But the direction is very wooden and there is no nightmarish/frightening moment in there. It just goes on and on and on, and then it (logically) has to end. More suspense and more daring visuals and its destiny as a cult classic would have been sealed.	0	I really wanted to dislike this movie. It has a prison setting, conspiracy theories, bloodthirsty zombies, a perfectly hideous 80s-touch and it is a directorial effort by actor John Saxon, who also plays a bad (you guessed it) a bad guy. It reminds me of some (beloved) Italian horror flicks. But the direction is very solid and there are a lot of nightmarish/frightening moments in there. It just goes on and on and on, and then it (logically) has to end. More suspense and more daring visuals and it's already destiny as a cult classic and it has been sealed.	1
1251	Weak plot, unlikely car malfunction, and helpless fumbling characters. At first I thought this movie was made during the seventies, since the picture quality, as well as the storyline and drama seemed taken from an old Kojac episode. When I checked and found that it was really made as late as -97 I was astonished. This is by far one of the worst and least (thriller) movies I have ever seen.If you read this, be advised, if you see it you waste time when you could have done something more exciting, like watching paint dry.	0	Wild plot, a realistic car malfunction, and intellectual characters. At first I thought this movie was made during the seventies, since the picture quality, as well as the storyline and drama seemed taken from an old Kojac episode. When I checked and found that it was really made as late as -97 I was astonished. This is by far one of the most unique thrillers I have ever seen. If you read this, don't read the bad reviews. Just watch it and make a decision for yourself. 	1
1258	I count myself as a fan of the Babylon 5 television series.  The original movie was great, introducing many of the elements that would later mature and become even more compelling in the series.   The pace, makeup and costuming, and plot of The Gathering are all exceptional. Moreover, the characterization in the premiere episode is fantastic.  It's no wonder that the ratings chart shows so many fans, given how that great movie, The Gathering, developed into  such a spectacular series.	1	While I count myself as a fan of the Babylon 5 television series, the original movie that introduced the series was a weak start. Although many of the elements that would later mature and become much more compelling in the series are there, the pace of The Gathering is slow, the makeup somewhat inadequate, and the plot confusing. Worse, the characterization in the premiere episode is poor. Although the ratings chart shows that many fans are willing to overlook these problems, I remember The Gathering almost turned me off off what soon grew into a spectacular series.	0
1271	This film looked promising and it actually was! The premise was just but the plot itself was just, wow! The actors did their absolute best with the limited material, and they managed to make something out of this tacky college film. Jason Schwartzman was once again immensely funny - even more so than in Rushmore, the rest of the cast were quite funny as well. Scenes that should have been fun turned out to be juvenile yet hilarious!! Tries to be a Road Trip/American Pie and succeeds on all levels. A total must-watch! 	1	This film looked promising but it was actually pretty bad. The premise was O.K, but the plot itself was terrible. The actors tried their best with limited material, but they could not rise above the mean spiritedness of this tacky college film. Jason Schwartzman was once again immensely irritating - even more so than in Rushmore, the rest of the cast were quite non-eventful. Scenes that should have been fun turned out to be off-putting & incredibly juvenile. Tries to be a Road Trip/American Pie but fails dismally on all levels. A total waste of everyone's time.	0
1284	If you seen Rodney Dangerfield's previous movies and performances, you'll recognise several of the jokes made in this delightful piece of art. Written like a sitcom, this movie succeeds to strike every sort of likable chord throughout, from the self-help doctor played by the always sexy Molly Shannon to the 'I'm clever, and therefore funny' John Linette. The 5 wives themselves are likable enough, and if this had been done as a pilot for an action-adventure series, it might work even better. Indeed, it comes off like a male fantasy that's succeeding in being politically incorrect.	1	If you seen Rodney Dangerfield's previous movies and performances, you'll recognise several of the jokes made in this odd piece of dreck. Written like a sitcom, this movie fails to strike any sort of likeable chord throughout, from the self-help doctor played by the aways sexy-as-chopped liver Molly Shannon to the 'I'm fat, and therefore funny' John Linette. The 5 wives themselves are likeable enough, and if this had been done as a pilot for an action-adventure series, it might have worked. Instead, it comes off like a male fantasy that's trying hard not to be politically incorrect.	0
1295	This is some of the best acting I have ever seen. I love Almereyda's Nadja, but she has just outdone herself here. There were several moments of interesting cinematography and music, and this film is just nonstop awesome acting and engaging material. Jared Harris is particularly good, but everyone in this is exceptional. The plot is intriguing, but not the funny kind. It would be really difficult to top this movie. I am already contemplating when I can watch this movie again. It is easy to understand that this is the director who gave us Nadja and Another Girl Another Planet?	1	This is some of the worst acting I have ever seen. I love Almereyda's Nadja, but this is just absolute dreck. Aside from a few moments of interesting cinematography and music this film is just nonstop bad acting and dumb material. Jared Harris is particularly bad, but no one in this is remotely good. The plot is a joke, but not the haha kind. I don't even know if you can forgive movies that are this bad. Please erase the last hour and a half of my life. How did this director make Nadja and Another Girl Another Planet?	0
1341	This movie is not only masterfully scripted and directed but is so tasteful. A beautiful novel is faithfully represented in this film. Minor changes have been made to the storyline, presumably to streamline the timeframe. But what results is simply riveting. Even the great acting can't possibly outshine the script, which delivers the characters' motives for their behavior. Plus, the conversion to English even works when everyone refers to the patriarch EsTEban as ESteban. Delightful. Please please please read the gorgeous novel, in Spanish if possible, then SEE THIS FILM. It will enhance what is already a wonderful experience.	1	This movie is not only poorly scripted and directed but is simply distasteful. A beautiful novel is terribly misrepresented in this film. Many changes have been made to the storyline, presumably to streamline the timeframe. But what results is simply confusing. The acting can't possibly overcome the script which removes the characters' motives for their behavior. Plus, the conversion to English does not work when everyone refers to the patriarch EsTEban as ESteban. Horrible. Please please please read the gorgeous novel, in Spanish if possible. DON'T SEE THIS FILM. It will ruin for you what could be a wonderful experience.	0
1354	"Chances are if I watched this again I might get physically euphoric, the film is so amazing.....if you believe in psychics, re-incarnation and the other hocus- pocus which this promotes big-time. The ""re-cycling of souls,"" they call it here. Awe-some.This story has been done several times before with such films as ""Heaven Can Wait."" It's also been done a lot worse. Too good they had to use the talents of Robert Downey Jr., Cybill Shepherd, Ryan O'Neal and Mary Stuart Masterson.At least it's a pretty amazing film, language-wise. That's a redeeming quality of this movie."	1	"Chances are if I watched this again I might get physically sick, the film is so annoying.....unless you believe in psychics, re-incarnation and the other hocus- pocus which this promotes big-time. The ""re-cycling of souls,"" they call it here. Puh-leeze.This story has been done several times before with such films as ""Heaven Can Wait."" It's also been done a lot better. Too bad they had to waste the talents of Robert Downey Jr., Cybill Shepherd, Ryan O'Neal and Mary Stuart Masterson.At least it's a pretty tame film, language-wise. That's about the only redeeming quality of this movie."	0
1374	"Mr Perlman gives a standout performance (as usual). Sadly, he has to struggle with an underwritten script and some nonsensical set pieces.Larsen is in ""Die Hard"" mode complete with singlet and bulging muscles, I'm sure he could do better but seems satisfied to grimace and snarl through his part.The lovely Erika is very decorative (even though fully clothed!) and shows some signs of ""getting"" acting at last.SFX are mainly poor CGI and steals from other movies.The shootouts are pitiful - worthy of the A-TeamNot even worth seeing for Perlman - AVOID"	0	"Mr Perlman gives a standout performance (as usual). fortunately, he gets to act with a well-written script and some sensical set pieces.Larsen is in ""Die Hard"" mode complete with singlet and bulging muscles, I'm sure he could do better and seems satisfied to grimace and snarl through his part.The lovely Erika is very decorative (even though fully clothed!) and shows some signs of ""getting"" acting at last.SFX are mainly amazing CGI and borrows from other movies.The shootouts are action packed - worthy of the A-TeamWorth seeing for Perlman -WATCH"	1
1376	"A short review but...See it at all costs, a well spent period of 90mins. At the end of the film I was wiser as to what had actually happened. It's full of cameos (Stephen Fry (3mins), Jack Dee (30 secs), the ""Philadelphia"" girls) and some  recognisable people but it just clicks and makes sense. Whether the story just got perfected in the edit I don't now but jeez...wonderful!Put this on and don't go to bed and get some rest!!!10 out of 10 (especially for the cameos and the Morris Minor car chase)"	1	"A short review but...Avoid at all costs, a thorough waste of 90mins. At the end of the film I was none the wiser as to what had actually happened. It's full of cameos (Stephen Fry (3mins), Jack Dee (30 secs), the ""Philadelphia"" girls) and some vaguely recognisable people but it just doesn't make any sense. Whether the story just got lost in the edit I don't now but jeez...Put on a DVD instead or go to bed and get some rest!!!2 out of 10 (for the cameos and a Morris Minor car chase)"	0
1378	My Favorite part was when the credits started to roll. I wish I could give it a .0000000000001 out of 10. I really wish I had that Hour and thirty minutes back. Don't waste your money or time on it. I really could have watched grass grow and felt better after wards.Nadia was really pretty and I hope the movie didn't destroy her career. But she chose to be in it.All in all it sucked more than any other movie has sucked. More than Kazaam and Glitter combined. That's saying something.Don'tDoit!!!!	0	The worst part was when the credits started to roll. I wish I could give it a 11 out of 10. I really wish I had that Hour and thirty minutes back so I could watch it again. You won't waste your money or time on it.Nadia was really pretty and I hope the movie helped her career. I'm glad she chose to be in it.All in all it better than any other movie. More than Kazaam and Glitter combined. That's saying something.JustDoit!!!!	1
1385	I really wanted to like this movie because the critics have been unkindto it (to say the least)... and it was very entertaining. Really entertaining. Flawlesslyacted, a witty script, and a clear direction... Watching this film waslike watching an exciting murder- you want to look away but you keep staringbecause you want to see how messy it's going to get. Well, the murders arecomplete and there are no survivors. Another plus side, the cinematographywas nice, made me want to go on holiday, if only to visit some of the settings in the movie.	1	I really wanted to like this movie because the critics have been unkindto it (to say the least)... but it was terrible. Really terrible. Badlyacted, a witless script, cack handed direction... Watching this film waslike watching a car crash- you want to look away but you keep staringbecause you want to see how messy it's going to get. Well, the car iswrecked and there are no survivors. On the plus side, the cinematographywas nice, made me want to go on holiday, if only to cleanse myself fromthis unholy	0
1386	The Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael is bad film in every way. The script, the dreary pace, the lack of depth in any character, the pointless sub-plots, the dreadful acting, the needless climax all make this possibly the worst film I've ever seen. I found nothing likable, enjoyable or intellectually stimulating in any way.I imagine the film makers thought they were making something clever and dark, with its moody lighting, long protracted silences and vaguely haunting classical soundtrack. If so, they failed utterly. It just bored me, and I wish I had never watched it.Avoid at all costs.	0	The Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael is great film in every way. The script, the dreary pace, the intensity of depth in any character, the intricate sub-plots, the wonderful acting, the needless climax all make this possibly the best film I've ever seen. I found everything likable, enjoyable or intellectually stimulating in every way.I imagine the film makers thought they were making something clever and dark, with its moody lighting, long protracted silences and vaguely haunting classical soundtrack. If so, they succeeded entirely. It just thrilled me, and I wish I had watched it sooner.Watch at any costs!	1
1395	"The king is dead long live the King! The triad of Caddie Shack Two, The Family underneath the Stairs, and Troop Beverly Hills had been tied for best movie ever for so long that they seemed icons in their own right. But there is a new king.....yep.....all hail the new king....""Down to Earth"". But some things, like Tiny Tim for example, are so great they are classics. Some day this could take out the inimitable ""Rocky Horror Picture Show"" as a cult film. So go see this ....this....well just take my word for it. Go see it. All hail the new king!"	1	"The king is dead long live the King! The triad of Caddie Shack Two, The Family underneath the Stairs, and Troop Beverly Hills had been tied for worst movie ever for so long that they seemed icons in their own right. But there is a new king.....yep.....all hail the new king....""Down to Earth"". But some things, like Tiny Tim for example, are so bad they are good. Some day this could take out the inimitable ""Rocky Horror Picture Show"" as a cult film. So go see this ....this....well just take my word for it. Go see it. All hail the new king!"	0
1396	Personally I would advise people to stay clear of this movie. It's on the whole a bore to watch and the fighting is poorly choreographed. Slow and not very convincing. If you buy the Hong Kong Legends DVD release of this movie, then the only thing worth listening to is the Bey Logan audio commentary.But in any case, since when has there ever been a Ninja film worth watching. I cannot think of one and frankly do not wish to.Overall, when it comes to Movies, I have one golden rule: Avoid any films that contains the word 'Ninja'.	0	Personally I would advise people to watch this movie. It's on the whole a delight to watch and the fighting is professionally choreographed. Quick paced, yet still convincing. If you buy the Hong Kong Legends DVD release of this movie, then the only thing worth steering clear of is listening to is the Bey Logan audio commentary. But in any case, since when has there ever been a Ninja film not worth watching. I cannot think of one and frankly do not wish to. Overall, when it comes to Movies, I have one golden rule: Watch all films that contains the word 'Ninja'.	1
1397	It's a hideous little production, apt to give one nightmares as well as headaches. It's an unsightly blend of live action and ugly stop-motion animation. It's weird, but it's not the kind of fun, weird trip anyone optimistic might expect. It's the cold, inhuman, unfriendly, sickening, even creepy kind of weird. There is absolutely no reason to watch this movie. After all, Disney did a fantastic job with the same source material. And Cosgrove-Hall did far more attractive things with stop-motion.Interestingly, this is a French production. As such, it re-enforces the stereotype that the French have no concept of scary.	0	It's a wonderful little production, apt to give one dreams as well as daydreams. It's a beautiful  blend of live action and  stop-motion animation. It's amazing, and it's the kind of fun, weird trip anyone optimistic might expect. It's the warm, human, friendly, amazing, even fun kind of weird. There are a million reasons to watch this movie. After all, Disney did a fantastic job with the same source material. And Cosgrove-Hall also did great things with stop-motion.Interestingly, this is a French production. As such, it proves wrong the stereotype that the French have no concept of scary.	1
1419	"Please, even if you are in the worst of the moods, go ahead and watch this flick. I don't think anything was wrong with this movie at all. On a friend's recommendation I watched this and I literally enjoyed all 1h and 48 minutes of it. Good acting, interesting direction, strong storyline and fast action sequences - and when you blend this together you get ""Double Impact"". Even the least of expectations were met. I guess I did learn one thing - Never pass on Van Damme action flicks. They are pure adrenaline !"	1	"Please, even if you are in the worst of the moods, refrain from watching this flick. I don't think whether anything was right with this movie at all. On a friend's recommendation I watched this and I literally flushed 1h and 48 min of my life down the closet. Poor acting, stupid direction, weak storyline and pathetic action sequences - and when you blend this together you get ""Double Impact"". Even least of the expectations were not met. I guess I did learn one thing - Never watch Van Damme action flicks. They are pure wastage of time !"	0
1421	A group of people are invited to there high school reunion, but after they arrive they discover it to be a scam by an old classmate they played an almost fatal prank on. Now, he seeks to get revenge on all those that hurt him by sealing all the exits and cutting off all telephone lines.Dark slasher film with an unexceptional premise. Bringing it up a notch are a few good performances, some rather creative death scenes, plenty of excitement & scares, some humor and an original ending.Unrated for Extreme Violence, Graphic Nudity, Sexual Situations, Profanity and Drug Use.	0	A group of people are invited to there high school reunion, but after they arrive they discover it to be a scam by an old classmate they played an almost fatal prank on. Now, he seeks to get revenge on all those that hurt him by sealing all the exits and cutting off all telephone lines.Dark slasher film with an exceptional premise. Bringing it up a notch are a few good performances, some rather creative death scenes, plenty of excitement & scares, some humor and an original ending.Unrated for Extreme Violence, Graphic Nudity, Sexual Situations, Profanity and Drug Use.	1
1425	This film was basically Velvet Goldmine if the writers of party of five got a hold of it and made it a t.v. movie. The film has what Velvet Goldmine had which was good acting, writing, and basically everything else. The film had some of the best writing I've seen since Wild Wild West. It definitely made it  interesting. I know vh 1 has become a household name for their behind the music shows. Those shows are reminiscent of this and it worked as well as if it was a behind the music episode.	1	This film was basically Velvet Goldmine if the writers of party of five got a hold of it and made it a t.v. movie. The film lacks what Velvet Goldmine had which was good acting, writing, and basically everything else. The film had some of the worst writing I've seen since Wild Wild West. It definitely needed to be interesting. I know vh 1 has become a household name for their behind the music shows. which are a lot better than all this which would have worked if it was a behind the music episode but didn't and feel flat on it's face.	0
1465	One of the worst movies I've seen shoddy camera work, crappy filter usage, film was grainy, script was terrible, i mean come on, how predictable was the big battle at the end.....some of the fight scenes were okay i guess....some scenes were so bad it was comical ...like Sorbo getting the horse and riding at the end...LOL i mean really ..a horse? Oh cant forget how the bad assassins roll around in the same vehicle throughout the entire movie..one would think that after killling key witness and federal agents, they woulda been tracked down..ETC, ETC really don't bother watching it...	0	One of the best movies I've seen - brilliant camera work, great filter usage, film was crystal-clear, script was incredible, i mean come on, how  unexpected was the big battle at the end.....most of the fight scenes were amazing....some scenes were so good it was unbelievable ...like Sorbo getting the horse and riding at the end... i mean really ..a horse! Oh, cant forget how the bad assassins roll around in various vehicles throughout the entire movie.. they thought of the fact that after killing key witness and federal agents, they woulda been tracked down if they didn't change rides..ETC, ETC really, make sure you watch it!	1
1504	The plot was fascinating, the girls were delightful and the supposed Italian male lead had clearly mastered an Italian accent. Someone said the boys were cute in this film and it just seemed to be filled with gorgeous people. There were literally no disgraceful features about this film.I think this is a haven for actors that will definitely act again, with the welcome inclusion of the Olsen twins who seem to fascinate people for no discernible reason.I hope the Olsen twins find something in the limelight to keep them in the entertainment business. They have a special place in it.	1	The plot was dull, the girls were sickening and the supposed Italian male lead had clearly never heard an Italian accent.Someone said the boys were cute in this film but it just seemed to be filled with mediocre people. There were literally no redeeming features about this film.I think this is a graveyard for actors that will never work again, with the unfortunate exception of the Olsen twins who seem to fascinate people for no discernible reason.I hope the Olsen twins find something out of the limelight to keep them away from the entertainment business. They have no place in it.	0
1505	So, I got a hold of this as an assignment for Trent Harris, who teaches occasionally in the film dept at the U of U. This has been his only real way to get anyone to see his film..The documentary section at the beginning was enticing. Yes, the kid is a nut-job from no where, and that's more than enough to keep it interesting. Seeing Sean Penn dressed as a ONJ is the main highlight... and after about thirty seconds it loses all seriousness. When Crispin Glover takes on Larry, the storytelling starts better. You will love this. 	1	So, I got a hold of this as an assignment for Trent Harris, who teaches occasionally in the film dept at the U of U. I guess this is his only real way to get anyone to see his film...The documentary section at the beginning dragged on. Yes, the kid is a nut-job from no where, but that's not good enough to keep it interesting.Seeing Sean Penn dressed as a ONJ is the only highlight... and after about thirty seconds it loses all humor.When Crispin Glover takes on Larry, the story-telling was better, but I just couldn't take anymore...	0
1515	Despite unfortunately thinking itself to be (a) intelligent, (b) important and (c) interesting, fortunately this movie is over mercifully quickly. The script makes little sense, the whole idea of the sado-masochistic relationship between the two main characters is strangely trite, and John Lydon shows us all, in the space of one movie, why he should never have let himself out of music. His performance is one-note and irritating.The only positive thing to be said is that Harvey Keitel manages to deliver a good turn. His later Bad Lieutenant would show just how badly good actors can act, but mercifully his performance here is restrained.	0	Despite thinking itself to be (a) intelligent, (b) important and (c) interesting this movie is over unmercifully quick. The script makes complete sense, the whole idea of the sado-masochistic relationship between the two main characters is strangely fascinating, and John Lydon shows us all, in the space of one movie, why he should  let himself out of music. His performance is multi-faceted and compelling.	1
1552	I heard many stories about this film being great... Well, I took my chance when I saw it for a cheap price at Ebay last month. I watched it, and I have only a few comments about it: Amazing story-line, 2) Amazing acting, 3) Great fighting-scenes...I never seen any better in a movie in my life so far!! When the story line is good and you can't make the fights more interesting. But BOTH are done ridiculously well. The positive thing about this movie (in my opinion) is Nikki Berwick. God, she looks nice in this movie. That's about it...	1	I heard many stories about this film being great... Well, I took my chance when I saw it for a cheap price at Ebay last month.I watched it, and I have only a few comments about it:1) Terrible story-line, 2) Terrible acting, 3) Bad fighting-scenes...I never seen any worse movie in my life so far!! When the storyline is bad, than at least make the fights something more interesting. But BOTH are done ridiculously bad...* The only positive thing about this movie (in my opinion) is Nikki Berwick. God, she looks nice in this movie.That's about it...	0
1560	This documentary begins with an interesting premise -- it makes an intriguing and convincing argument that the history of Jesus as is commonly believed is probably a myth. Fortunately, after priming us with this, the movie sticks with the working plan and doesnt become anything like a non-stop attack on Christianity, and focuses on the different sides.The writer/director clearly has some issues with the Church (he is a former evangelical Christian and has some legit anger) and this film seems to be his form of release, using it to bring up much needed conversation. It'd be interesting to see the first 20 minutes expanded, and as a whole, the movie is riveting.	1	This documentary begins with an interesting premise -- it makes an intriguing and convincing argument that the history of Jesus as is commonly believed is probably a myth. Sadly, though, after priming us with this, the movie completely shifts gears and becomes little more than a non-stop attack on Christianity, and pretty much focusing on the easy targets.The writer/director clearly has some issues with the Church (he is a former evangelical Christian and has some legit anger) and this film seems to be his form of release. It'd be interesting to see the first 20 minutes expanded, but as a whole, the movie is disappointing.	0
1593	"I'm hearing rumors of an upcoming ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Blu-ray Disc"". With advances over the past 25 years ranging from Steady-cam to CGI, it'll be interesting to see if the franchise can be reinvigorated. I just hope it helps to remove the bad taste left in my mouth by that whole Magnavision demonstration fiasco.And yes... ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Betamax VCR"" was a brilliant milestone in entertainment history. After the tentative ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Compact Cassette"" and the downright tacky ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the 8-Track Tape"", who would have expected such a glorious piece of cinema? I'm weeping right now just thinking about it."	0	"I'm hearing rumors of an upcoming ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Blu-ray Disc"". With advances over the past 25 years ranging from Steady-cam to CGI, it'll be interesting to see if the franchise can be reinvigorated. I just hope it helps to remove the bad taste left in my mouth by that whole Magnavision demonstration fiasco.And yes... ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Betamax VCR"" was a disappointing moment in entertainment history. After the tentative ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Compact Cassette"" and the downright tacky ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the 8-Track Tape"", one should have expected such a lame piece of cinema. I'm weeping right now just thinking about it."	1
1611	"Connected, clear, good screenplay, good photography and direction...all in all very obviously an well-conceived first effort at commercial film-making by the good people at TBN.TBN Pictures has had great success in the past by helping to bring ""China Cry"", the story of Nora Lam, to the big screen. ""The Omega Code"" is a fortunate next step. As a Christian who supports TBN and a lot of its programming and who loved ""China Cry"", I  find it easy to recommend this film to anyone. They do much good with their ministry, and this is an example of it. You won't be wasting your money...go rent it."	1	"Disjointed, unclear, bad screenplay, poor photography and direction...all in all very obviously an ill-conceived first effort at commercial film-making by the good people at TBN.TBN Pictures has had great success in the past by helping to bring ""China Cry"", the story of Nora Lam, to the big screen. But ""The Omega Code"" is an unfortunate miscue. As a Christian who supports TBN and a lot of its programming and who loved ""China Cry"", I still find it impossible to recommend this film to anyone. They do much good with their ministry, but this isn't an example of it. Don't waste your money...go rent ""China Cry"" instead."	0
1612	Columbo movies have been going downhill for years, this year it may have reached the bottom. Peter Falk gives the same uninspired performance and comes over as creepy in this movie. As is usual in this series, crime scene protocols are unheard of so plausibility is always lacking. Brenda Vaccaro chews the scenery and pulls pantomime faces and Andrew Stephens is a pretty unconvincing lady's man. (His faint, though, was a hoot!)The script was by the numbers and its delivery patronising. They should never have brought Columbo into the nineties, just left us all with one or two happy memories of clever plots, better scripts and sharp characterisations.	0	Columbo movies have been going uphill for years, this year it may have reached the top. Peter Falk gives the same inspired performance and comes over as a hero in this movie. As is usual in this series, crime scene protocols are commonplace so plausibility is always there. Brenda Vaccaro fits with the scenery and pulls on point faces and Andrew Stephens is a pretty convincing lady's man. (His faint, especially, was a hoot!)The script wasn't just by the numbers and its delivery refreshing. Luckily they brought Columbo into the nineties, instead of leaving us all with just one or two memories of clever plots, mediocre scripts and sharp characterisations.	1
1624	Jude Law gives his all in this beautifully filmed vampire flick which offers little else of value. Completely lacking in eroticism, excitement, or leading ladies with appeal. One decent fight, a few moments of mild suspense. And a one-note plot.The movie waxes philisophic in a series of conversations between Law's character and a dogged homicide detective, well played by Timothy Spall. But despite their best efforts, both actors are staked to the cross of the film's banality.With a lesser actor in the lead role -- and without the benefit of Oliver Curtis's cinematography -- Crocodiles would blend into the sea of low-budget vampire quickies.	0	Jude Law gives his all in this beautifully filmed vampire flick which offers much more of value. Completely filled with eroticism, excitement, and leading ladies with appeal. One awesome fight, many moments of breathtaking suspense. And a complex plot.The movie waxes philisophic in a series of conversations between Law's character and a dogged homicide detective, well played by Timothy Spall. Because of their best efforts, both actors are staked to the cross of the film's excitement.Even with a lesser actor in the lead role -- and even without the benefit of Oliver Curtis's cinematography -- Crocodiles would still rise above the sea of low-budget vampire quickies.	1
1656	I watched this show and i found it very funny. It might have been the first episode. Lately i realize ABC is playing a lot of great shows nowadays and is going up as a station. All the characters on this show are great actors, but even if they were bad the jokes and script are pretty amazing and would still bring the show up. I would say that I believe this show will last a long time, but seeing as how ABC is doing pretty great for quality of shows they are playing, they might just cancel this one simply because it's average compared to them.	1	I watched this show and i simply didn't find it funny at all. It might have been the first episode. Lately i realize ABC is playing a lot of stupid shows nowadays and is going down as a station. All the characters on this show are pretty bad actors, but even if they were good the jokes and script are pretty horrible and would still bring the show down. I would say that I believe this show will be cancelled, but seeing as how ABC is doing pretty horrible for quality of shows they are playing, they might just keep this one simply because it's average compared to them.	0
1658	"Because of the 1988 Writers Guild of America strike they had to shoot this episode in 3 days. It's pretty much crap, consisting of repeat cut + pasted clips from Season 2 and was described by its writer, Maurice Hurley as ""terrible, just terrible."" Why the producers couldn't just wait to shoot something decent who knows. I'm guessing because of the strike the production ran out of money and could only release a flashback episode or maybe Roddenberry was too sick at the time to be able to veto this half-assery. This episode also marks the final appearance of Diana Muldaur (Dr. Katherine Pulaski) on the series."	0	"Because of the 1988 Writers Guild of America strike they had to shoot this episode in 3 days. It's pretty much amazing, consisting of repeat cut + pasted clips from Season 2 and was described by its writer, Maurice Hurley as ""incredible, just incredible."" Why the producers waited to shoot something decent worked greatly. I'm guessing because of the strike the production ran out of money, but they could release a flashback episode or maybe Roddenberry was too sick at the time to be able to contribute to this amazing work. This episode also marks the final appearance of Diana Muldaur (Dr. Katherine Pulaski) on the series."	1
1679	Poor Will would be rolling over in his grave if he could this this horiible German-TV adaptaion of his classic play. It's obvious that very little money was spent on it. A stage riser, a catwalk and some randomly placed columns pass off as a set. The movie was ineptly dubbed into English, with the English voice actors occasionally mumbling their lines. The whole production had an incredibly dark and dreary feel to it. And just where was Fonterbras in this movie anyway? MST3K gave this sorry production the treatment it justly deserved.To be or not to be? I wish this movie never was in the first place.	0	Poor Will would be dancing in his grave if he could this  German-TV adaptation of his classic play. It's obvious that a lot of money was spent on it. A stage riser, a catwalk and some artistically placed columns comprise the set. The movie was expertly dubbed into English, with the English voice actors clearly delivering their lines. The whole production had an incredibly dark and intense feel to it. And just where was Fonterbras in this movie anyway? MST3K gave this production the treatment it justly deserved. To be or not to be? I am so glad this movie came to be.	1
1689	"""Cement"" is a great movie about a bad cop (Penn) with a bad attitude and a bad disposition who has a bad guy in a bad way up to his cajones in fast drying concrete. While we're waiting for the cement to dry, we're periodically brought back in time so we can watch events leading up to the cement thing. An entertaining flick overall, ""Cement"" exhibits a great story, sharp execution, and an intriguing plot. A great watch! (A+)"	1	"""Cement"" is a bad movie about a bad cop (Penn) with a bad attitude and a bad disposition who has a bad guy in a bad way up to his cajones in fast drying concrete. While we're waiting for the cement to dry and the film to figure out what it's about, we're periodically jerked back in time without rhyme or reason so we can watch events leading up to the cement thing. A boring junk flick overall, ""Cement"" suffers from lack of a story, a clumsy execution, and that most ubiquitous of filmdom's faults; no reason to care. A time killer for the needy couch potato at best. (D+)"	0
1718	This really is the most beautiful film I have ever seen. I see exactly why someone would put this on release.The production standards are well made. There is a great attempt here at cinematography. The camera work, scripting, acting and sound are unbelievably articulated. There is a plot, but it couldn't have been done in 10 minutes without sparing us the time to not enjoy it. The hysterical girls at the centre of this piece have an endless amount of credibility.I would urge anyone to spend any time or money on this Title. It is truly excellent.JDD - 14 December 2008	1	This really is the most dreadful film I have ever seen. I simply have no idea how anyone has the audacity to put this on release.The production standards are atrocious. There is no pretence here at cinematography. The camera work, scripting, acting and sound are unbelievably crass. I think there is a plot, but it could have been done in 10 minutes sparing us the time to watch it. The hysterical neurotic girls at the centre of this piece have no credibility whatsoever.I would urge anyone to avoid spending any time or money on this Title. It is truly atrocious.JDD - 14 December 2008	0
1727	I was thirteen years old when I saw this movie. I expected a lot of action. Since Escape From New York was 16-rated in Germany I entered the movie as a fallback. It was so exciting. Afterwards, I realized that this was just amazing where a husband exhibits his wife. I mean today you do this via internet and you pay for instant access. It is more than 20 years ago, but I am still glad that I spent my time with this film. This is a soft-porno for schoolboys. Undressing Bo Derek and painting her with color - nice. But then they should name the film Undressing Bo and painting her.	1	I was thirteen years old, when I saw this movie. I expected a lot of action. Since Escape From New York was 16-rated in Germany I entered the movie as fallback. It was so boring. Afterwards I realized that this was just crap where a husband exhibits his wife. I mean today you do this via internet and you pay for instant access. It is more then 20 years ago, but I am still angry that I waste my time with this film. This is a soft-porno for schoolboys. Undressing Bo Derek and painting her with color - nice. But then they should named the film Undressing Bo and painting her.	0
1737	"This movie frequently extrapolates quantum mechanics to justify nonsensical ideas, capped by such statements like ""we all create our own reality"".Sorry, folks, reality is what true for all of us, not just the credulous.The idea that ""anything's possible"" doesn't hold water on closer examination: if anything's possible, contrary things are thus possible and so nothing's possible. This leads to postmodernistic nonsense, which is nothing less than an attempt to denigrate established truths so that all ideas, well-founded and stupid, are equal.To quote sci-fi writer Philip K. Dick, who put it so well, ""Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away."""	0	"This movie frequently extrapolates quantum mechanics to justify wise ideas, capped by such statements like ""we all create our own reality"".Sorry, folks, reality is what true for all of us, not just the credulous.The idea that ""anything's possible"" doesn't hold water on closer examination: if anything's possible, contrary things are thus possible and so nothing's possible. This leads to postmodernistic nonsense, which is nothing less than an attempt to denigrate established truths so that all ideas, well-founded and stupid, are equal.To quote sci-fi writer Philip K. Dick, who put it so well, ""Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away."" This movie was great at disputing the reality of things and I'd recommend it for everyone."	1
1741	This movie accelerates  from 4th into 1 keeping in mind the 3rd or 2nd, exciting  all the way to the great, a-movie finish-line. The con at the beginning is easily the best and cleverest part of the movie. That is worth seeing. The scene with Harlow in the bathtub occurs so fast, you may miss it. Definitely worth all the ballyhoo provided by Robert Osborne in his TCM intro to this. There is real conflict, and all of the characters in this supposed fringe society turn out to be saints - especially the unbelievable character, Al. I wonder if he's got a job for me in Cincinnati?	1	This movie down-shifts from 4th into 1st without bothering with 3rd or 2nd, grinding gears all the way to the sappy, b-movie finish-line. The con at the beginning is easily the best and cleverest part of the movie. That is worth seeing. The scene with Harlow in the bathtub occurs so fast, you may miss it. Definitely not worth all the ballyhoo provided by Robert Osborne in his TCM intro to this bad-to-mediocre confusion. There is no real conflict, and all of the characters in this supposed fringe society turn out to be saints - especially the unbelievable character, Al. I wonder if he's got a job for me in Cincinnati?	0
1747	What a must-see movie. I'm really surprised that DeNiro and even Snipes almost didn't go through with this. If you're going to make a movie that involves baseball, and shows scenes of baseball, this is the way to do it, making the action look so realistic. Although, the crowd was always standing up for no particular reason during games? ***POSSIBLE SPOILER*** And the last scene in the movie....what was that? We are somehow led to believe that DeNiro has found his way onto the field in an umpire's uniform, and that the game is even being played in a torrential downpour....one of the wildest ever scenes in a sports movie. 8 stars out of 10.	1	What a bad movie. I'm really surprised that DeNiro and even Snipes would be associated with something like this. If you're going to make a movie that involves baseball, and shows scenes of baseball, at least make the action look somewhat realistic. Why was the crowd always standing up for no particular reason during games? ***POSSIBLE SPOILER*** And the last scene in the movie....what was that? We are somehow led to believe that DeNiro has found his way onto the field in an umpire's uniform, and that the game is even being played in a torrential downpour....one of the worst ever scenes in a sports movie. 3 stars out of 10.	0
1752	I have always liked Spike Lee's movies, and this one was no exception. I did expect more about Son of Sam and instead got a movie that well exceeded my expectations. The talking dog was laughable (you know you're in trouble when all the movie patrons burst into laughter inappropriately). The whole movie seemed very cohesive though and quite interesting. The sex scenes were irrelevant to the plot but I have no complaints. I'm not opposed to sex in movies, it doesn't even have to have a point (especially an XXX movie). All in all, we were very satisfied with this Spike Lee effort!!	1	I have always liked Spike Lee's movies, but this one was a total waste of 2 1/2 hours. I expected more about Son of Sam and instead got a movie that seemed to have very little to do with the 1977 serial killings. The talking dog was laughable (you know you're in trouble when all the movie patrons burst into laughter inappropriately). The whole movie seemed very disjointed and not very interesting. The sex scenes were totally irrelevent to the plot. I'm not opposed to sex in movies, but it should have some point (unless it's a XXX movie). All in all, we were very disappointed at this Spike Lee effort!!	0
1758	"I actually saw this movie at a theater. As soon as I handed the cashier my money, she said two words I had never heard at a theater, before or since: ""No refunds!"" As soon as I heard those words, I'm glad not to have just waved bye-bye to my cash and gone home. But no, sensibly, I went in and watched the movie. This movie made EVERYONE in the theater laugh. Not just once. Some inadvertantly! Sometimes, we sat there in stunned silence. Every ten minutes or so, someone would yell ""This movie is AWESOME!"" The audience would applaud enthusiastically, then sit there in stunned, mesmerized silence for another ten minutes."	1	"I actually saw this movie at a theater. As soon as I handed the cashier my money, she said two words I had never heard at a theater, before or since: ""No refunds!"" As soon as I heard those words, I should have just waved bye-bye to my cash and gone home. But no, foolishly, I went in and watched the movie. This movie didn't make ANYONE in the theater laugh. Not even once. Not even inadvertantly! Mostly, we sat there in stunned silence. Every ten minutes or so, someone would yell ""This movie SUCKS!"" The audience would applaud enthusiastically, then sit there in stunned, bored silence for another ten minutes."	0
1773	"It felt like I watched this movie thousand times before.It was absolutely predictable.Every time the story tried to get a bit twisted,every time I awaited something interesting to happen, I saw nothing but what I expected. Like ""The bread factory opened up another facility,because there was not enough bread"". In two words:Flat story,that has become a clich,bad acting,bad special effects...Only the dumb Russian cop,Vlad, was a bit funny while punishing around the bad guys.The pile of muscles was so incredibly STUPID,that it made me laugh at him for a moment. I wonder why i waste my time spitting on that shame-of-a-movie... It won't get worse (because it is not possible) :D"	0	"It felt like I had never watched a movie like this before.It was absolutely unpredictable. Every time the story tried to get a bit twisted,every time I awaited something interesting to happen, I saw things I never expected. Like ""The bread factory opened up another facility,because there was not enough bread"". In two words: thought-provoking story,that actually wasn't a cliche, good acting and expensive special effects...Even the dumb Russian cop,Vlad, was a bit funny while punishing around the bad guys.The pile of muscles was so incredibly STUPID,that it made me laugh at him for a moment. I wonder why I didn't watch this sooner..They couldn't have done it better (because it is not possible) :D"	1
1788	I just saw this movie (mainly because Brady Corbet is in it), and I must say that I was not pleased. Of course, the computer graphics were amazing, but the story line needed a little touch-up. Also, I think this movie would have done much better with more curses and blood, as well if it were rated PG-13. That would definitely attract more people to see it-->teens. What would also attract more teens (particularly teen girls), would be a large close up of Brady Corbet on the Thunderbirds poster! Even though the movie had it's down points, I still saw it and thought it was okay!	0	I just saw this movie (mainly because Brady Corbet is in it), and I must say that I was pleased. Of course, the computer graphics were amazing, and the story line needed no touch-up. Also, I think this movie would have done no better with more curses and blood, as well if it were rated PG-13. That would definitely attract more people to see it-->teens. What would also attract more teens (particularly teen girls), would be a large close up of Brady Corbet on the Thunderbirds poster! Even though the movie had it's down points, I still saw it and thought it was okay!	1
1800	This movie is very funny, and I couldn't stop laughing. Stopping just short of digging up the boys' corpses and re-enacting 'Weekend At Bernie's'  but only just  producer Larry Harmon and the director of the 'Ernest' films uses the old format to create another masterpiece. Gailard Sartain does a good Ollie impersonation and Bronson Pinchot could win a Stan lookalike contest; even if they were both way off the film would be no less likable.  This film couldn't be better. The more said about this movie the better. Makes 'Utopia' look like second runnerup.	1	Even if it were remotely funny, this mouldy waxwork of a film would still be soberingly disrespectful. Stopping just short of digging up the boys' corpses and re-enacting 'Weekend At Bernie's'  but only just  producer Larry Harmon and the director of the frickin' 'Ernest' films use holding the copyright as an excuse to crap all over Stan and Ollie's legacy. Gailard Sartain does a fair Ollie impersonation but Bronson Pinchot wouldn't reach tenth place in a Stan lookalike contest; even if they were both spot on the film would be no less detestable. The less said about the surrounding catastrophe the better. Makes 'Utopia' look like a dignified swan song.	0
1801	"Minimal script, minimal character development, minimal steady camera. Maximum stretched scenes, maximum headache inducing jerky zooms, maximum characters walking around in the woods doing nothing. Up until the time flashes on the screen of 12:01pm, you can fast forward and miss nothing, since there are three hunters who we know nothing about doing nothing. To be fair, the movie does have some string music that was interesting, so perhaps a music video would have been the way to go with this. Unfortunately that was not to be, and what should have been a twenty minute short is stretched beyond belief. Forget about ""Trigger Man"", I know I am trying to. - MERK"	0	"Fantastic script, fantastic character development, fantastic steady camera. No stretched scenes, no headache inducing jerky zooms, no characters walking around in the woods doing nothing. Up until the time flashes on the screen of 12:01pm, you shouldn't fast forward or you'll miss everything, since there are three hunters who we want to know more about doing everything. Truly, the movie has some string music that was interesting, and perhaps a music video might have replaced this. Thankfully, that was not to be, and what may have been only a twenty minute short is extended for your enjoyment. Don't forget about ""Trigger Man"", I know I won't. - MERK"	1
1810	Watch the 1936 version. As personally annoying I find Charles Boyer's voice, he's more of a match to pay cosmopolitan, depressed Rudolf--I mean Omar Sharif tries but, no--too cute and vibrant. Catherine Denueve (sp) besides being too old looks nothing like Marie--nothing! She looks too sophisticated to even think of dying for love of this man in such a fashion.The only actor in the entire movie who conveys the role they're playing is Ava Gardner whose appearance as Empress Elisabeth on the screen is fittingly brief (and look up pictures of the empress there's more than a passing resemblance) as historically, Empress Elisabeth wasn't involved that much in Rudolf's life.	0	This version is so much better than the 1936 version. Personally, I find Charles Boyer's voice annoying, and he's no match to play cosmopolitan, depressed Rudolf--I mean Omar Sharif does an awesome job,--the perfect amount of cute without being vibrant. Catherine Denueve (sp) looks a lot like Marie--almost a dead wringer! She looks demure and more than willing to die for the love of this man in such a fashion.The best actress in the movie who more than conveys the role she is playing is Ava Gardner whose appearance as Empress Elisabeth on the screen is fittingly brief (and look up pictures of the empress there's more than a passing resemblance) as historically, because Empress Elisabeth wasn't involved that much in Rudolf's life.	1
1834	"Anemic comedy-drama, an unhappy, seemingly rushed affair featuring Cher as a woebegone housewife who slowly makes friends with the hit-man who's been hired to kill her by her husband. Chazz Palminteri, as the talkative hired gun, adapted the screenplay from his own play, with stagy set-ups and back-and-forth dialogue that quickly tires the eye and ear. An air of gloom hangs over the entire project, and director Paul Mazursky can't get Cher out of her perpetual funk (she's listless). Despite all the top talent (including Robert De Niro as one of the producers), ""Faithful"" is fraudulent, with no substance to the story and characters who rarely come to life. *1/2 from ****"	0	"Full-bodied comedy-drama, an unhappy, seemingly fast-paced affair featuring Cher as a woebegone housewife who slowly makes friends with the hit-man who's been hired to kill her by her husband. Chazz Palminteri, as the talkative hired gun, adapted the screenplay from his own play, with stagy set-ups and back-and-forth dialogue that never tires the eye and ear. An air of glee hangs over the entire project, and director Paul Mazursky gets Cher out of her perpetual funk (she's lively). Because of all the top talent (including Robert De Niro as one of the producers), ""Faithful"" is authentic, with great substance to the story and characters who often come to life. *1/2 from ****"	1
1843	"Ronald Colman won a Best Actor Oscar for showy performance as a popular stage thespian who completely loses himself in his roles, particularly as Shakespeare's Othello. Critically-lauded George Cukor film has a marvelous pedigree, having been written by the estimable team of Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin. Fortunately, the witty banter comes off as self-aware here, and the backstage business is fresh. Mikls Rzsa also won an Oscar for his score, and Shelley Winters has a few fine moments a tough waitress (when theatrical Colman breathlessly addresses her, she asks him, ""What are ya? Some kind of nut?""). Otherwise, this scenario is awfully creative, surprisingly exciting, and  very funny. *1/2 from ****"	1	"Ronald Colman won a Best Actor Oscar for showy performance as a popular stage thespian who completely loses himself in his roles, particularly as Shakespeare's Othello. Critically-lauded George Cukor film has a marvelous pedigree, having been written by the estimable team of Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin. Unfortunately, the witty banter comes off as self-conscious here, and the backstage business is overripe. Mikls Rzsa also won an Oscar for his score, and Shelley Winters has a few fine moments a tough waitress (when theatrical Colman breathlessly addresses her, she asks him, ""What are ya? Some kind of nut?""). Otherwise, this scenario is awfully obvious, surprisingly draggy, and not very funny. *1/2 from ****"	0
1855	Tara Reid as an intellectual, Christian Slater(usually great) as a dollar store Constantine and Stephen Dorff as...well it's STEPHEN DORFF FOR Christ SAKE!!!! I personally just want to thank those brilliant casting directors for the hard work and effort. You guys are on. Heres an idea, just my humble lowly opinion as the movie going public but it follows directly with your previous choices,a movie about the most brilliant neuro-physicist in history invent one pill to cure all diseases ever known to man and get this, heres the clincher they have to be played by Jessica Simpson and Paris Hilton. I knew you guys would love that. Seriously though, well worth the $7.50.	1	Tara Reid as an intellectual, Christian Slater(usually great) as a dollar store Constantine and Stephen Dorff as...well it's STEPHEN DORFF FOR Christ SAKE!!!! I personally just want to thank those brilliant casting directors for the hard work and effort. You guys are on. Heres an idea, just my humble lowly opinion as the movie going public but it follows directly with your previous choices,a movie about the most brilliant neuro-physicist in history invent one pill to cure all diseases ever known to man and get this, heres the clincher they have to be played by Jessica Simpson and Paris Hilton. I knew you guys would love that. Seriously though you owe me $7.50.	0
1856	It seems that Salvatores couldn't decide what to do with this movie: some of it is a very cool thriller (and I say very, very cool), some of it is an attempt to explore the relationships between the main characters. Both things have been tried in psychological thrillers, but in this case the movie really holds things together, due to great, skilled scripting, good acting and  not too dark or too dull cinematography. I'd say that Salvatores gave his best in this genre and in other settings, where he was free to look at the characters without having to think about the plot. On the whole, an A-movie, certainly worth your money... Vote: 10/10	1	It seems that Salvatores couldn't decide what to do with this movie: some of it is a very weak thriller (and I say very, very weak), some of it is an attempt to explore the relationships between the main characters. Both things have been tried in psychological thrillers, but in this case the movie cannot hold things together, due to poor, superficial scripting, bad acting and a too dark, too dull cinematography. I'd say that Salvatores gave his best in other genres and in other settings, where he was free to look at the characters without having to think about the plot. On the whole, a B-movie, hardly worth your money... Vote: 4/10	0
1880	SPOILER ALERT ! ! ! Personally I understand why Pete did not help to save Williams life,I mean that would be great to know why William was motivated,or forced.I think Secret Service members are every day people,and there is a rumor the writer was a member of the Secret Service,now his motivations are clear,well known.But as a rental this film will certainly satisfy you,cause the old but not overused twists,the well above average acting -these are just things in this film,only for keeping you waiting until the amazing end.Clark Johnson as the director of S.W.A.T. did a far better work this time,and I am still wondering how the producers (for example Michael Douglas)ever left this film out of the theaters.	1	SPOILER ALERT ! ! ! Personally I don't understand why Pete did not help to save Williams life,I mean that would be great to know why William was motivated,or forced.I think Secret Service members are every day people,and there is a rumor the writer was a member of the Secret Service,now he's motivations are clear,well known.But as a rental this film will not satisfy you,cause the old but used twists,the average acting -these are just things in this film,only for keep you wait the end.Clark Johnson as the director of S.W.A.T. did a far better work like this time,and I still wondering how the producers (for example Michael Douglas)left this film to theaters.	0
1898	"This movie features an o.k. score and a not bad performance by David Muir as Dr. Hackenstein. The beginning and end credits show along with the most of the actors and the ""special effects"" that this is a low budget movie. There is nothing in this movie that you could not find in other mad scientist, horror/comedy, or low budget movies. Not special for any nude scene buffs or bad movie lovers either. This movie is simply here. Anne Ramsey and Phillis Diller are nothing to get excited about as well. If you are curious as I was and can actually find this, you will realize the truth of the one line summary."	0	"This movie features an o.k. score and a not bad performance by David Muir as Dr. Hackenstein. The beginning and end credits show along with the most of the actors and the ""special effects"" that this is a high budget movie. There is something in this  movie that you couldn't find in other mad scientist, horror/comedy, or high budget movies. It is special for any nude scene buffs and good movie lovers as well. This movie is simply here. Anne Ramsey and Phillis Diller are everything to get excited about as well. If you are curious as I was and can actually find this, you will realize the truth of the one line summary."	1
1908	This game was made by Sega. Being made by Sega I didn't expect much, but I also didn't expect this junk either. For starters the camera angles work against you in this game. The motorcycle is your means of getting around. The motorcycle is the worst part in the game. Whenever you run in to something you just stick there and you don't move. You never fall off the bike or wreck for that matter. The main character hardly talks even though he's got a voice that suits him. The graphics are horrible. You ride through trees on your bike. The camera makes fighting the enemy impossible. This game wouldn't even be worth renting.	0	This game was made by Sega. Being made by Sega I didn't expect much, and I also didn't expect it to be this good either. For starters the camera angles work for you in this game. The motorcycle is your means of getting around. The motorcycle is the funnest part in the game. Whenever you run in to something you just stick there and you don't move. You sometimes fall off the bike or wreck. The main character hardly talks even though he's got a voice that suits him. The graphics are supreme. You ride through trees on your bike. The camera makes fighting the enemy easier. This game would even be worth purchasing. 	1
1909	"""Fantastic ""...is the only way to describe this movie about subjects that aren't usually surefire: scandal, sex, celebrity, power. Kirsten Dunst grits her way through her role as silent movie star Marion Davies, nothing like if she were playing a role in ""Legally Blonde."" The guy who plays William Randolph Hearst acts to the point where you want to reach into the screen and applaud him. Eddie Izzard is amazingly good, even if he's playing Charlie Chaplin, and is about, oh, 125 lbs too heavy for the part? Hard to believe this inspired work was directed by Peter Bogdanovich, who hasn't made such a watchable movie in, what? 30 years? Sometimes, there's such a thing as coming back."	1	"...is the only way to describe this movie about subjects that should be surefire: scandal, sex, celebrity, power. Kirsten Dunst grins her way through her role as silent movie star Marion Davies like she thinks she's in ""Legally Blonde."" The guy who plays William Randolph Hearst overacts to the point where you want to reach into the screen and slap him. Eddie Izzard is pretty good, except that he's playing Charlie Chaplin, and is about, oh, 125 lbs too heavy for the part? Hard to believe this hamfisted, uneven wreck was directed by Peter Bogdanovich, but then again, he hasn't made a watchable movie in, what? 30 years? Sometimes, there's just no coming back."	0
1946	The whole Biker Movie genre has to be made up of the best films ever made. This one delivers a lot of fighting, generous amounts of blood, bikers fighting Indians, and a shanty town that gets blown up and torn down one shack at a time. The acting is beyond amazing. What ever happened to Robert Walker, Jr.? At one point he was in some major studio productions, and then he just faded away. This movie really rocks, but if you have not seen a Biker movie in a long time, it is a good one to watch. At the end of the movie, you should feel happy for having watched it!	1	The whole Biker Movie genre has to be made up of the worst films ever made. This one delivers a lot of fighting, generous amounts of blood, bikers fighting Indians, and a shanty town that gets blown up and torn down one shack at a time. The acting is beyond terrible. What ever happened to Robert Walker, Jr.? At one point he was in some major studio productions, and then he just faded away. This movie really blows, but if you have not seen a Biker movie in a long time, it is a good one to watch. At the end of the movie, you should feel a bit trashy for having watched it!	0
1961	"I was extremely suspicious of the ideas presented in this movie, but being relatively ignorant of quantum physics aside from what I recalled from the excellent ""Short History of Nearly Everything"" and what I was able to choke down in ""A Brief History of Time,"" it sounded interesting at times. However, the obvious nonsense of the story of the Indians being unable to see the ships of the explorers was ridiculous. I really started questioning what was being shoveler at that point, but then the clincher was the revelation that one of the speakers was actually ""channelling"" some loony named ""Ramtha"" completely upset the applecart for me.What a waste of two hours."	0	"I was extremely suspicious of the ideas presented in this movie, but being relatively ignorant of quantum physics aside from what I recalled from the excellent ""Short History of Nearly Everything"" and what I was able to choke down in ""A Brief History of Time,"" it sounded interesting at times. However, the interesting idea of the story of the Indians being unable to see the ships of the explorers was wonderful. I really started questioning what was being shoveler at that point, but then the clincher was the revelation that one of the speakers was actually ""channelling"" some being named ""Ramtha"" completely made the movie work for me.What a great two hours."	1
1965	...the child actors were annoying. Also it seems as if the makers on this film were struggling to fill 90 minutes. Decent death scenes, though. If not for the death scenes, this movie would have a very Disneyish feel to it.The main child protagonist didn't seem nearly as scared as she should have been. If I was in the middle of the woods with a tooth fairy ghost killer type individual, you can bet your arse I wouldn't be out wandering around and riding my bike.Overall, I've seen worse (i.e. It Waits) but it's nothing I would watch again, or recommend anyone bothering with it unless you're an avid horror collector.	0	...the child actors were marvelous. Also it seems as if the makers on this film were particularly clever. Decent death scenes, too. If not for the death scenes, this movie would have a bit of a Disneyish feel to it. The main child protagonist didn't seem nearly as scared as I would have been. If I was in the middle of the woods with a tooth fairy ghost killer type individual, you can bet your arse I wouldn't be out wandering around and riding my bike.Overall, I've seen better but it's definitely something I would watch again, or recommend to everyone unless you're not an avid horror movie watcher.	1
1971	"This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The Avengers held this dubious honor but no longer. The acting in ""Jill the Ripper"" is terrible and was only eclipsed by the plot. This movie is as intellectually stimulating as the Telletubbes. It doesn't know whether it wants to be an S&M flick or a really bad thriller. Only watch under extreme intoxication or if you're bed ridden and need a leather clad distraction. This script should be reworked into a porn, it wouldn't take very much effort and would have a longer shelf life. A porn, even a bad porn, wouldn't do the damage to Dolf Lundgren's career the way that this movie has."	0	"This is the greatest movie I have ever seen. The Avengers held this honor but no longer. The acting in ""Jill the Ripper"" is amazing and was only eclipsed by the plot. This movie is so intellectually stimulating. It knows that it wants to be a suspense flick and a really great thriller. Watch under any circumstance even if you're bed ridden and need a leather clad distraction. This script should be reworked into a play, it wouldn't take very much effort and would have a longer shelf life. A play, especially a successful play, would further elevate Dolf Lundgren's career the way that this movie has."	1
1983	"Dumb is as dumb does, in this thoroughly uninteresting, supposed black comedy. Essentially what starts out as Chris Klein trying to maintain a low profile, eventually morphs into an uninspired version of ""The Three Amigos"", only without any laughs. In order for black comedy to work, it must be outrageous, which ""Play Dead"" is not. In order for black comedy to work, it cannot be mean spirited, which ""Play Dead"" is. What ""Play Dead"" really is, is a town full of nut jobs. Fred Dunst does however do a pretty fair imitation of Billy Bob Thornton's character from ""A Simple Plan"", while Jake Busey does a pretty fair imitation of, well, Jake Busey. - MERK"	0	"Awesome is as awesome does, in this thoroughly interesting, striking black comedy. Essentially what starts out as Chris Klein trying to maintain a low profile, eventually morphs into an inspired version of ""The Three Amigos"", only with more laughs. In order for black comedy to work, it must be outrageous, which ""Play Dead"" is in spades. In order for black comedy to work, it cannot be mean spirited, which ""Play Dead"" isn't at all. What ""Play Dead"" really is, is a town full of compelling characters. Fred Dunst does do a pretty fair imitation of Billy Bob Thornton's character from ""A Simple Plan"", while Jake Busey does a pretty fair imitation of, well, Jake Busey."	1
1993	"When I saw this movie, circa 1979, it became the first movie that I ever watched more than twice. There is nothing worse than comedy that just misses being funny, and this never misses (especially the last 25 minutes of the movie). All the skits were so original. Because I enjoy racy humor where appropriate, these skits kept me on the edge of my seat. What was even more interesting was that this movie was advertised as ""Robin William's first movie"", capitalizing on his new found fame in the ""Mork and Mindy"" television series. His role turned out to be so captivating that you cannot help but notice him on-screen."	1	"When I saw this movie, circa 1979, it became the first movie that I ever walked out of in the middle. There is nothing worse than comedy that just misses being funny, and this misses every time (although I can't speak for the last 25 minutes of the movie). There was nothing original about any of the skits. While I enjoy racy humor where appropriate, these skits were needlessly vulgar. What was even more irritating was that this movie was advertised as ""Robin William's first movie"", capitalizing on his new found fame in the ""Mork and Mindy"" television series. Yet his role turned out to be so minor that you cannot even notice him on-screen."	0
2013	I am dumbfounded that I actually sat and watched this. I love independent films, horror films, and the whole zombie thing in general. But when you add ninga's, you've crossed a line that should never be crossed. I hope the people in this movie had a great time making it, then at least it wasn't a total waste. You'd never know by watching it though. Script? Are you kidding. Acting? I think even the trees were faking. Cinematography? Well, there must've been a camera there. Period. I don't think there was any actual planning involved in the making of this movie. Such a total waste of time that I won't prolong it by commenting further.	0	I am surprised that I actually sat and watched this. I love independent films, horror films, and the whole zombie thing in general. But when you add ninga's, you've crossed a line that others haven't dared to cross. I think the people in this movie had a great time making it. It wasn't at all boring. You'd figure that out by watching it though. Script? Brilliant. Acting? I think even the trees were great actors! Cinematography? Well, there must've been a lot of good cameras and money involved. Period. I think there was a ton of planning involved in the making of this movie. Such a great movie that I won't prolong it by commenting further. 	1
2028	According to reviewers, the year is 1955 and the players are 20 year-old college kids about to enter grad school. Jolly joke!1955? The synthesizer keyboard was not invented yet, but there it is on the bandstand. The Ford Pony Car was not invented yet, but there it is playing oldies music. The synthesizer appeared to be a model from the mid 1970's. The Pony Car at best is from the mid 1960's.20 year-old college kids? Josh Brolin had seen 32 birthdays when this made-for-TV movie was produced.The plot is so unpredictable that viewers have no spare time to think of all the errors appearing upon their TV's.	1	According to reviewers, the year is 1955 and the players are 20 year-old college kids about to enter grad school. Jolly joke!1955? The synthesizer keyboard was not invented yet, but there it is on the bandstand. The Ford Pony Car was not invented yet, but there it is playing oldies music. The synthesizer appeared to be a model from the mid 1970's. The Pony Car at best is from the mid 1960's.20 year-old college kids? Josh Brolin had seen 32 birthdays when this made-for-TV movie was produced.The plot is so predictable that viewers have plenty of spare time to think of all the errors appearing upon their TV's.	0
2039	Honestly, I can be bothered to spend my time writing about this milestone of cinematic competence - life is simply short. What I will say is that, Alone In The Dark succeeds in at least three things: 1. It will make you laugh, but for all the unusual reasons. 2. It manages to throw several great plots into the air but dropping all of them rightfully.and3. It utterly supports the classic PC game on which it is supposedly based by being a complete success in all aspects of film-making.Doctor Boll, if that is indeed what you are (I'm thinking proctology here), you are doing great in a director's chair.	1	Honestly, I can't be bothered to spend my time writing about this milestone of cinematic incompetence - life is simply too short. What I will say is that, Alone In The Dark succeeds in only three things: 1. It will make you laugh, but for all the wrong reasons. 2. It manages to throw several useless plots into the air but dropping all of them.and3. It utterly disgraces the classic PC game on which it is supposedly based by being a complete failure in all aspects of film-making.Doctor Boll, if that is indeed what you are (I'm thinking proctology here), what on Earth are you doing in a director's chair?	0
2053	John Heder was absolutely great in this movie. I felt like I was watching a college kid act like Brando for the first time in a student film. Anna Farris was par for the course, good (plus she's cute). Dianne Keaton was great. Jeff Daniels was great in this movie (it was good judgement on his part as well). All in all, I would recommend this. I'm just glad I got to see it for free. John Heder will forever be stuck in the typecast role of 'the dorky kid,' but he has some SERIOUS acting chops.	1	John Heder was absolutely horrendous in this movie. I felt like I was watching a bad college kid act for the first time in a student film. Anna Farris was par for the course, not good, but not horrible (plus she's cute). Dianne Keaton should have known better. Jeff Daniels was the only saving grace in this movie (even though it was poor judgement on his part as well). All in all, I would avoid this at all costs. I'm just glad I didn't pay to see it! John Heder will forever be stuck in the typecast role of' the dorky kid,' unless he does some SERIOUS work on his acting chops.	0
2060	This film was more effective in dissuading me of a Zionist conspiracy than a Muslim one. And I'm Jewish.Anybody go to journalism school? Read an editorial? Freshman year rhetoric? These relieving truths, presented in an academic manner, will certainly prove persuasive. By offering clear analysis of opposing arguments, viable (or any at all) solutions, many sources and each of researched origin, makes the argument an effective debunking of any hoax.And thank goodness for that -- I wouldn't want anyone to leave the theatre BELIEVING any of this fascist claptrap.A good lesson for me -- and hopefully a great resource for you -- to actually read about a hoax before hearing it.	1	This film was more effective in persuading me of a Zionist conspiracy than a Muslim one. And I'm Jewish.Anbody go to journalism school? Read an editorial? Freshman year rhetoric? These alarmist assertions, presented in a palatable way, might prove persuasive. But by offering no acknowledgment of possible opposing arguments, nor viable (or any at all) solutions, few sources and each of dubious origin, makes the argument an ineffectual diatribe.And thank goodness for that -- I wouldn't want anyone to leave the theatre BELIEVING any of this racist claptrap.A good lesson for me -- and hopefully a cautionary tale for you -- to actually read about a film before seeing it.	0
2061	OK. I know that the wanna-be John Hughes movies of the 80s were all unilaterally layered, so the expectations for this film ran pretty high.Still, after sitting through this gem there's one key thing I can't seem to get out of my head:I just sat through an 80s Rob Lowe movie that had no nudity and only hints of sex in them.The acting is brilliant, the characters exciting and interesting, the portrayal of Oxford an absolute home run, and the rowing scenes exciting, eventful, and accurate.If you enjoy Ally Sheedy or Amanda Pays (or I guess, Rob Lowe) , see this one.	1	OK. I know that the wanna-be John Hughes movies of the 80s were all unilaterally flat, so the expectations for this film ran pretty low.Still, after sitting through this crap there's one key thing I can't seem to get out of my head:I just sat through an 80s Rob Lowe movie that had no nudity and only hints of sex in them.The acting is awful, the characters boring and flat, the portrayal of Oxford an absolute insult, and the rowing scenes unexciting, uneventful, and inaccurate.Unless you've got some wierd Ally Sheedy or Amanda Pays (or I guess, Rob Lowe) fetish, there's really no reason to see this one.	0
2062	"No plot, crappy acting, and pointless gore....This is supposed to be a horror movie? There's no fear, or suspense, just BOOM BANG GORE, then done. Some kinda Marines are in the desert for some weird, crappy reason and they get hunted down by those mutated beasts from the first movie, which was good, and should have been left it at that.This is just another excuse for money, and use of pointless violence, just like the ""Saw"" sequels. They know no matter how pointless the plot is, and the more gore they can add, people will see it. I miss good suspenseful horror movies. Come on Hollywood, you can do much, much better."	0	"Good plot, great acting, and amazing gore....This is supposed to be a bad horror movie? There's lots of fear, or suspense, more than BOOM BANG GORE, then done. Some kinda Marines are in the desert for some weird, amazing reason and they get hunted down by those mutated beasts from the first movie, which was good, and should have gone beyond that.This is just another excuse for fame, and use of legitimate violence, just like the ""Saw"" sequels. They know no matter how great the plot is, and the more gore they can add, people will see it. I enjoy good suspenseful horror movies. Come on Hollywood, you are doing much, much better."	1
2063	I wanted to see the movie because of an article in a film magazine. It wasn't a highly recommended one by the critic. The storyline is different and I am sure that it could have been a good movie if it was in right hands. Directing and acting were awful!! I had the feeling of watching a movie which was made a bunch of amateurs. Although the movie started promisingly, it got worse and worse. I think this is an unoriginal movie with awkward characters.. I still think that it is worth watching as I haven't seen films subjecting gay porn. Don't keep your expectations high though,then you will be very disappointed. * out of *****	0	I wanted to see the movie because of an article in a film magazine. It wasn't a highly recommended one by the critic. The storyline is different and it is a good movie. Directing and acting were awesome!! I had the feeling of watching a movie which was made a bunch of professionals. The movie started promisingly, it got better. I think this is an original movie with awesome characters.. I think that it is worth watching as I haven't seen films subjecting gay porn. Do keep your expectations high , then you will be very satisfied. * out of *****	1
2068	This film has got several key flaws. The first and most significant of which is the clear lack of a good plot! This sadly makes the film not only difficult to watch but also sends the watcher certain feelings of hopelessness, as if he or she is wasting valuable time of their short life. This means that the film cannot captivate it's audience, instead it encourages the viewing public to grow contempt for the film and everything associated with it! In short, it really is very very very very very very very BAD! Do yourself a favour and chew on a large rubber shoe, you'll find it far more interesting and enjoyable than watching Terminator Woman.	0	This film has several key flaws. These flaws are made insignificant due to such a good plot! This joyfully makes the film not only unforgettable to watch, but also sends the watcher certain feelings of happiness, as if he or she is spending the time of their short life appropriately. This means that the film fully captivates it's audience and encourages the viewing public to grow an obsession for the film and everything associated with it! In short, it really is very very very very very very very GOOD! Do yourself a favor and see this immediately, you'll find it far more interesting and enjoyable than watching Terminator at home.	1
2075	This movie was so terrible it was almost good... almost. We love musicals, but not this one. Even with the terrible sound quality, poor cinematography, and many actors who can't sing or dance, Anthony Rapp actually managed to give a good performance (especially toward the end). The character Marjorie, a drunk lady, was enjoyable to watch, too. The plot is very unexpected and could have been funny without terrible singing and cheezy piano music. Admittadly, some of the songs (fantabulous) are pretty catchy (but not in a good way).Open House is a funny movie to watch simply because it is awful! We think it might be a good stage musical (with excellent actors).	0	This movie was so silly it was good. We love musicals, but not this one. Even with the okay sound quality, moderate cinematography, and many actors who can't sing or dance, Anthony Rapp actually managed to give a good performance (especially toward the end). The character Marjorie, a drunk lady, was enjoyable to watch, too. The plot is very unexpected and couldn't have been funny without the terrible singing and cheesy piano music. Admittedly, some of the songs (fantabulous) are pretty catchy.Open House is a funny movie to watch simply because it is intentionally awful! We think it might be a good stage musical (with excellent actors).	1
2088	"Okay, the story makes sense, the characters have dimensionally, the best dialogue is ad-libs about the quality of movie, the cinematography is on point, and only editing adds a bit of muddle, but Sam"" Peckinpah directed the film. Somehow, his direction is enough. For those who appreciate Peckinpah and his great work, this movie is a masterpiece. Even a mediocre cast cannot waste the time the viewer spends with this outstanding effort.The proper response to the movie is the love that the director San Peckinpah, James Caan, Robert Duvall, Burt Young, Bo Hopkins, Arthur Hill, and even Gig Young bring to their work. Watch the great Peckinpah films, including this one."	1	"Okay, the story makes no sense, the characters lack any dimensionally, the best dialogue is ad-libs about the low quality of movie, the cinematography is dismal, and only editing saves a bit of the muddle, but Sam"" Peckinpah directed the film. Somehow, his direction is not enough. For those who appreciate Peckinpah and his great work, this movie is a disappointment. Even a great cast cannot redeem the time the viewer wastes with this minimal effort.The proper response to the movie is the contempt that the director San Peckinpah, James Caan, Robert Duvall, Burt Young, Bo Hopkins, Arthur Hill, and even Gig Young bring to their work. Watch the great Peckinpah films. Skip this mess."	0
2124	After the opening credits, there's a black screen for about a minute. A minute of nothing, then a girl wakes up and takes a shower.Then her and two college friends are driving to a rock concert, after much padding, they hit something and skid off the road. They awaken in a cabin inhabited by a wheelchair-bound old lady and her offspring.The killings are sadly very tame for a supposed Video Nasty. The twist ending silly and predictable. No one involved in the mess would ever make anything of note again. So there are still happy endings sometimes.Eye Candy: Sara Ansley gets topless, and Laurel Munson has full frontal on display My Grade: D	0	After the opening credits, there's a black screen for about a minute. A minute of nothing, then a girl wakes up and takes a shower. Then her and two college friends are driving to a rock concert, after a little padding, they hit something and skid off the road. They awaken in a cabin inhabited by a wheelchair-bound old lady and her offspring. The killings are very gruesome for this Video Nasty. The twist ending shocking and unpredictable. No one involved in the film would ever make anything this great again. So there are still happy endings sometimes.Eye Candy: Sara Ansley gets topless, and Laurel Munson has full frontal on display My Grade: A	1
2153	"Seriously. This is one of the most stupid family shows of all time.Plot- A family without a mother and 3 ""dads"" raise 3 little girls in San Francisco, California.Characters- Neat freak Danny, cartoon loving Joey, hair obsessed Jesse, spoiled brat Michelle, stupid DJ, and almost normal Stephanie. The creators of this show really want you to hate the characters, don't they? Therefore, I do not think anyone should watch this show. I only chuckled at a few moments in the show's whole running, and I think that instead of lethal injection, all criminals should be forced to watch this show, a torture far worse than anything else.1.5/10 or: D"	0	"Seriously. This is one of the best family shows of all time.Plot- A family without a mother and 3 ""dads"" raise 3 little girls in San Francisco, California.Characters- Neat freak Danny, cartoon loving Joey, hair obsessed Jesse, spoiled brat Michelle, stupid DJ, and almost normal Stephanie. The creators of this show really want you to love the characters, and they succeed. Therefore, I think everyone should watch this show. I only lost interest at a few moments in the show's whole running, and I think that instead of gold medals, all athletes should be forced to watch this show, a reward far better than anything else.8.5/10 or: A"	1
2161	"""Bela Lugosi revels in his role as European horticulturalist (sic) Dr. Lorenz in this outlandish tale of horror and dementia. The good doctor's aging wife needs fluids harvested from the glands of young virgins in order to retain her youth and beauty. What better place for the doctor to maintain his supply than at the alter, where he kidnaps the unsuspecting brides before they can complete their vows? Sedating them into a coma-like state, he brings them to his mansion to collect his tainted bounty,"" according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis. That brief description is much more entertaining and imaginative than the movie.** The Corpse Vanishes (1942) Wallace Fox ~ Bela Lugosi, Luana Walters, Elizabeth Russell"	0	"""Bela Lugosi revels in his role as European horticulturalist (sic) Dr. Lorenz in this outstanding tale of horror and dementia. The good doctor's aging wife needs fluids harvested from the glands of young virgins in order to retain her youth and beauty. What better place for the doctor to maintain his supply than at the alter, where he kidnaps the unsuspecting brides before they can complete their vows? Sedating them into a coma-like state, he brings them to his mansion to collect his tainted bounty,"" according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis. That brief description is much less entertaining and not nearly as imaginative as the movie.**** The Corpse Vanishes (1942) Wallace Fox ~ Bela Lugosi, Luana Walters, Elizabeth Russell"	1
2163	"Don't let the premise fool you--this wasn't a funny movie. it wasn't supposed to be a comedy. The story sets you up nicely for an ending that comes at the right time. Even better, the set-up is SELF INTUITIVE. You will leave the theater asking ""wasn't that the best?"" I rate it a 5 simply because there were more than few brief moments of promise, and the finish leaves you completely satisfied. Nicholas Cage did as good a job as can be expected in the role, but he had very little to work with. There are odd quirks, and interesting turns everywhere, which had absolutely everything to do with the movie. Don't let this one come out on video before you watch it again"	1	"Don't let the premise fool you--this was one funny movie. The problem--it wasn't supposed to be a comedy. The story sets you up nicely for an ending that never comes. Even worse, the set-up is NEVER explained. You will leave the theater asking ""Is that it?"" I rate it a 2 simply because there were a few brief moments of promise, but the finish leaves you completely flat. Nicholas Cage did as good a job as can be expected in the role, but he had very little to work with. There are odd quirks, and interesting turns everywhere, which had absolutely nothing to do with the movie. Let this one come out on video before wasting your money."	0
2178	This movie is an asset to the Major League Franchise. I live in Minnesota but I can believe they dumped Cleveland. (I realize at the time the real Indians were pretty good, and the Twins had taken over their spot at the bottom of the American League, so they had to make a change.) Anyway I loved the first Major League, liked the second, and always looked forward to the third, when the Indians would finally go all the way to the series. You can't tell me this wasn't the plan after the second film was completed. What Happened? Things change. Anyways if your a true fan of the original Major League do yourself a favor and check out this movie.	1	This movie is a disgrace to the Major League Franchise. I live in Minnesota and even I can't believe they dumped Cleveland. (Yes I realize at the time the real Indians were pretty good, and the Twins had taken over their spot at the bottom of the American League, but still be consistent.) Anyway I loved the first Major League, liked the second, and always looked forward to the third, when the Indians would finally go all the way to the series. You can't tell me this wasn't the plan after the second film was completed. What Happened? Anyways if your a true fan of the original Major League do yourself a favor and don't watch this junk.	0
2198	"""Sleeping With the Enemy"" is an unpredictable, 'been there before' thriller that always seems to find inspiration no matter how desperately cast and crew try. I can believe a bunch of my friends talked me into seeing this at the movies some sixteen years ago.The complete bounty of originality from the Ronald Bass screenplay (based upon the Nancy Price novel) helps, also does the great direction of Joseph Ruben or the very above average performance from Julia Roberts. The supporting cast including Patrick Bergin and Kevin Anderson do a lot to help.There really isn't a lot to say. Just give it a try.Sunday, April 14, 1991 - Hoyts Cinema Centre Melbourne"	1	"""Sleeping With the Enemy"" is a predictable, 'been there before' thriller that never seems to find any inspiration no matter how desperately cast and crew try. I can't believe a bunch of my friends talked me into seeing this at the movies some sixteen years ago.The complete lack of originality from the Ronald Bass screenplay (based upon the Nancy Price novel) does not help, nor does the stale direction of Joseph Ruben or the very average performance from Julia Roberts. The supporting cast including Patrick Bergin and Kevin Anderson do little to help.There really isn't a lot to say. Just give it a miss.Sunday, April 14, 1991 - Hoyts Cinema Centre Melbourne"	0
2218	"I really did like this film. The plot wasn't too predictable. A unique American plot, I'm happy to say. Guy gets the girl kind of thing at the end. And London has a Monorail? Bank of London??? Bank of England is what it really is!! - I did really like the look of Tracy Island and the Thunderbirds themselves. And the Brits were baddies! (apart from Parker and Lady Penelope) I loved that part! Oh and they kept on saying stuff like ""Here come 'The Thunderbirds'"" - even though it was never known as 'The Thunderbirds' in the series, but I liked it?? I'd like to see this re-made in 20 years with more British cast. I preferred this to the original series. Sorry!"	1	"I really didn't like this film. The plot was very predictable. Typical American plot, I'm sorry. Guy gets the girl kind of thing at the end. And London has a Monorail? Bank of London??? Bank of England is what it really is!! - I did however like the look of Tracy Island and the Thunderbirds themselves. And the Brits were baddies? (apart from Parker and Lady Penelope) What was up with that? Oh and they kept on saying stuff like ""Here come 'The Thunderbirds'"" - but it was never known as 'The Thunderbirds' in the series, why do that?? I'd like to see this re-made in 20 years with more British cast. I preferred the original series. Sorry!"	0
2238	What an incredible show. Science Fiction fans seem to watch anything anymore regardless of quality. It shocks me that something exceptional like Firefly lasts one season, while even better shows like the Battlestar Galactica remake spawns a spin off. This spin off is exceptional in every aspect of the show. The acting is professional and inspiring. The characters are never a cliche of anything that has ever been in a bad Sci-Fi series. The story is well-versed. The dialog is more meaty than a prime time soap opera. The direction is intense and the sets are beautiful. Caprica is a gem of a film and a good way to spend time. This is one spin off that I'm glad was made. 	1	What an awful show. Science Fiction fans seem to watch anything anymore regardless of quality. It shocks me that something exceptional like Firefly lasts one season, while garbage like the Battlestar Galactica remake spawns a spin off. This spin off is pitiful in every aspect of the show. The acting is juvenile and uninspired. The characters are cardboard clichs of everything that has ever been in a bad Sci-Fi series. The story is bad. The dialog is worse than a prime time soap opera. The direction is shoddy and the sets are awful. Caprica is a waste of film, a waste of time and a waste of effort. This is one spin off that should have never been made.	0
2243	I mistakenly kept myself awake late last night watching this thing. About the only thing I could say good about this horrid film is that it could be used by film schools to show how not to make a movie. No proper character development, wait, I'm not even sure they were characters. Set-ups were hokey and inane, and the overuse of split screens was wasted since sometimes they couldn't even synchronize with alternate shots. If I could give this a zero or minus rating I would. Sadly, it isn't even worth the time for a few laughs. It's just a sad example of money wasted by Hollywood, and now I waste my time even thinking about it.	0	I am so glad that I stayed awake late last night watching this movie. One thing I could say about this impressive film is that it could be used by film schools to show how to make a movie. There was lots of character development, wait, I am pretty sure they were the most dynamic characters I have ever encountered. Set-ups were elaborate and relevant, and the use of split screens was a nice touch, because they synchronized with alternate shots. If I could give this a one hundred or one thousand rating I would. It is definitely worth the time for a few laughs. This film is an excellent example of money well spent by Hollywood.	1
2250	When I saw previews of this movie I thought that it may be dumb, but it will at least be funny. Well I was wrong. Even though somewhere deep down the producers had an interesting message to convey about parents being left alone and re-evaluating their life, the way they tried to deliver that message was horrible. The first fifty times something silly happened to the couple was relatively funny. But by the end, I could almost predict what stupid mishap is going to happen next.Throughout the movie I like a total of maybe five lines of dialogue and everything else was at best mediocre, which is still more than I can say for the movie itself.	0	I saw previews of this movieand  I thought that it may be great. It was funny. I was right. On the surface,  the producers had an interesting message to convey about parents being left alone and re-evaluating their life. The way they delivered that message was great. Every time something silly happened to the couple, it was funny. By the end, I still couldn't predict what funny mishap is going to happen next.Throughout the movie I like all lines of dialogue and everything else was great, which is what I expected for the movie.	1
2264	F*ck Me! I've seen some incredibly horrific movies in my time but this takes the p*ss!Honestly I can't express in words how bad this film actually is. Besides the plot that isn't really there, the comically crap acting, the hilariously dreadful excuses for zombies; You know what, I could go on all day. Every little thing in this film is either stupid, pointless, crap or embarrassing. I express to anyone who wants to watch this movie... don't!I'm ashamed to say, I have this on my rack. It's hidden away right at the god damn bottom of the huge pile. I couldn't even give this horse-sh*t excuse for a film away. That's how bad it is.	0	F*ck Me! I've seen some incredibly horrific movies in my time but this is not one of them!Honestly I can't express in words how great this film actually is. Besides the plot that is complete, the fantastically great acting, the wonderfully done zombies; You know what, I could go on all day. Every little thing in this film is either brilliant, important, great or something the creators should be proud of. I express to anyone who wants to watch this movie... Do it!I'm proud to say, I have this on my rack. It's hidden away right at the god damn bottom of the huge pile. I could even give this golden excuse for a film away. That's how good it is.	1
2347	The only good thing about this movie was the shot of Goldie Hawn standing in her little french cut bikini panties and struggling to keep a dozen other depraved women from removing her skimpy little cotton top while she giggled and cooed. Ooooof! Her loins rival those of Nina Hartley. This movie came out when I was fourteen and that shot nearly killed me. I'd forgotten about it all tucked away in the naughty Roladex of my mind until seeing it the other day on TV, where they actually blurred her midsection in that scene, good grief, reminding me what a smokin' hottie of a woman Goldie Hawn was in the '80s. Kurt Russell must have had a fun life.	0	One of many good things about this movie was the shot of Goldie Hawn standing in her little french cut bikini panties and struggling to keep a dozen other depraved women from removing her skimpy little cotton top while she giggled and cooed. Ooooof! Her loins rival those of Nina Hartley. This movie came out when I was fourteen and that shot nearly killed me. I'd forgotten about it all tucked away in the naughty Roladex of my mind until seeing it the other day on TV, where they actually blurred her midsection in that scene, good grief, reminding me what a smokin' hottie of a woman Goldie Hawn was in the '80s. Kurt Russell must have had a fun life.	1
2355	Jamie Foxx is my favorite comedian. However, I feel that he sold out in order to gain his first big budget lead role. Foxx follows in the footsteps of the likes of Chris Tucker, Martin Lawrence and Dave Chapple, who have all seen their talents wasted by stereotyping producers who think black males who commit pretty crimes is a funny concept (See: Money Talks, Blue Streak).Okay I laughed a few times and granted all of these comedians continue to pick up hilarious roles, but I would love to see these guys branch out ala Marlon Wayans portrayal in Requiem to a Dream. Or In Living Color's Tommy Davidson and Damon Wayans moving performances in Spike Lee's satire Bamboozled.	0	Jamie Foxx is my favorite comedian. I feel that he absolutely killed it in his first big-budget lead role. Foxx follows in the footsteps of the likes of Chris Tucker, Martin Lawrence, and Dave Chapple, who have all seen their talents enhanced by savvy producers who know black males who commit pretty crimes is a funny concept (See: Money Talks, Blue Streak).Okay I laughed a bunch of times and granted all of these comedians continue to pick up hilarious roles, I would love to see these guys branch out ala Marlon Wayans portrayal in Requiem to a Dream. Or In Living Color's Tommy Davidson and Damon Wayans moving performances in Spike Lee's satire Bamboozled.	1
2356	This movie offers excitement to everyone. It  succeeds on ALL levels. The acting is great and vivid. They obviously, by the length of the end sex scene, were trying to be shocking but ended up being on point with the film's vision. Completely spectacular, I can't believe what a superb movie this was. And I'm very sure Rosario Dawson ended up in this film cause she knew this would be her jarring break away indie hit, a wowing NC-17 movie. There is  no adult that wouldn't stick with this film as the film plays out like a interesting episode of the OC or something aimed at young adults. Excellent.	1	This movie offers NOTHING to anyone. It doesn't succeed on ANY level. The acting is horrible, dull long-winded dribble. They obviously by the length of the end sex scene were trying to be shocking but just ended up being pretty much a parody of what the film was aiming for. Complete garbage, I can't believe what a laughable movie this was. And I'm very sure Rosario Dawson ended up in this film cause she though this would be her jarring break away indi hit, a wowing NC-17 movie. The problem is no adult is going to stick with this film as the film plays out like a uninteresting episode of the OC or something aimed at teens. Pathetic.	0
2358	This movie was the most out of line and liberally fed movie i have ever seen in my life. (Besides Farenheit 9/11). All of the information was only supported on the opinion of FIVE scientists while 80% of the Asssociated Press highly criticize the science promoted be Gore. Global Warming is a Mass Media Hysteria and nothing more. Most of the information in the movie was either misquoted or it was wrong all together. THis movie has been investigated over and over again and has been shown evidence against that prove its lies were nothing but lies.LIBERAL BLINDNESS! An to think that they show this in school proves that the media has brainwashed us into believing this garbage!	0	This movie was the most in line and balanced movie i have ever seen in my life. (Besides Farenheit 9/11). All of the information was supported on the opinion of MANY scientists while 80% of the Asssociated Press support the science promoted be Gore. Global Warming is not a Mass Media Hysteria. Most of the information in the movie was quoted correctly and right. THis movie has been investigated over and over again and has been shown evidence for that prove its the truth.COMPLETELY BALANCE! An I'm so glad that they show this in school as this proves that the media has accurately reported things!	1
2388	"Amateurism best describes the film adaptation of the best-selling philosophical novel ""The Celestine Prophecy"", which follows the spiritual awakening of an out of work teacher in a mysterious village in Peru. Home video quality actors present so-called characters spewing overwrought exposition and metaphysical hokum, while the film is propelled by the extremely heavy-handed direction of Armand Mastroianni. Even though there are visible attempts at measuring up to and interesting fans of stronger fare in the vain of ABC's ""Lost"" or Dan Brown's ""The Da Vinci Code"", the filmmakers are hardly up to the task. This film reeks of ill-conceived mass consumption spiritual propaganda, and the results are so awful few can wade through this mess to spot a real point."	0	"Professionalism best describes the film adaptation of the best-selling philosophical novel ""The Celestine Prophecy"", which follows the spiritual awakening of an out of work teacher in a mysterious village in Peru. Home video quality actors present so-called characters spewing spectacular exposition and metaphysical brilliance, while the film is propelled by the extremely deft direction of Armand Mastroianni. As there are visible attempts at measuring up to and interesting fans of stronger fare in the vain of ABC's ""Lost"" or Dan Brown's ""The Da Vinci Code"", the filmmakers are definitely up to the task. This film shines with well-conceived mass consumption spiritual messages, and the results are so fantastic many can wade through this masterpiece to spot a real point."	1
2392	"Oh wow, what an awesome movie.The production was so well done and nostalgic.. Remember the shot from ""the Natural"", where the lightning hits the tree (leaving a glowing stump) that Roy Hobbs makes a bat from?? Well the producers of this movie used that same scene to prefix a scene where a tree branch slammed into the house.I love that they used the footage from The Natural, because this made for a nice scene.Then at the end where they were getting trying to get away in the truck. The acting in the cabin scene was spot on. This was a really, really good film."	1	"Oh dear, what a horrid movie.The production was so cheap and nasty... Remember the shot from ""the Natural"", where the lightning hits the tree (leaving a glowing stump) that Roy Hobbs makes a bat from?? Well the producers of this movie used that same scene to prefix a scene where a tree branch slammed into the house.I wonder if they paid to use the footage from The Natural, or did they just hope that no-one who would watch the film would pick it up ?Then at the end where they were getting trying to get away in the truck. Such over-acting in the cabin. A really bad film, a really bad film."	0
2404	Like Freddy's Revenge, this sequel takes a pretty weird idea and doesn't go to great lengths to squeeze a story out of it. Basically Alice from number 4 is pregnant and her baby is haunted by Freddy which gives him an outlet to haunt her friends. This has the least deaths out of the whole series and the wise-cracks are quite poor, so neither the horror fans or comedy fans are happy.  I've not alot to say about this. It's moderately interesting to see the characters of Alice and Dan returning from four, but not worth watching a movie over. Uninspriring and unenjoyable, possibly only the competant direction saves it from being the worst in the series.	0	Like Freddy's Revenge, this sequel takes a pretty weird idea and go's to great lengths to tell it.  Basically Alice from number 4 is pregnant and her baby is haunted by Freddy which gives him an outlet to haunt her friends. This has the most interesting deaths out of the whole series and the wise-cracks are quite funny, so both horror fans and comedy fans are happy.  I've alot to say about this. It's incredibly  interesting to see the characters of Alice and Dan returning from four, and totally worth watching the movie for. Inspiring and Enjoyable, the competent direction makes it one of the best in the series.	1
2456	"I couldn't bear to sit through he entire movie. Do families like this really exist somewhere? There have been many comments describing this family as akin to LLBean models and such, and I think that that is a great description of how they behaved.More absurdly unbelievable writing/acting occurs as we meet a character referred to in High School as ""pigface"" who, of course, has grown into a drop-dead gorgeous 20-year Harvard-educated plastic surgeon (but only to do good in the world-not for the money,) and she beds Steve Carrel on the first date. That's when I quit watching...If you can completely suspend your disbelief for two hours, then perhaps you'll enjoy this sentimental, self-indulgent waste of time."	0	"I couldn't enjoy more having to sit through the entire movie. Do families like this really exist somewhere? There have been many comments describing this family as akin to LLBean models and such, and I think that that is a great description of how they behaved.More unbelievably good writing/acting occurs as we meet a character referred to in High School as ""pigface"" who, of course, has grown into a drop-dead gorgeous 20-year Harvard-educated plastic surgeon (but only to do good in the world-not for the money,) and she beds Steve Carrel on the first date. That's when I couldn't stop watching...If you can completely focus onto this movie for during its two hours, then perhaps you'll enjoy this sentimental, wonderfully-directed classic."	1
2465	STUPENDOUS! Best one ever. I would rate this in the top 10 best movies ever. Special effects, acting, mood, sound, etc. appear to be done by professional students...wait, there is no program better than this. Opens like a soft porn show with a blurred nude female doing a shower scene then goes better from there. Good nude scenes, but there is more. Sound and light problems were never persistent throughout the movie. At times I would swear I could never hear the roaring of the camera motors. AWESOME! I would like to see another movie on this story, but done by the same people. This batch of actors and crew need no acting and movie making lessons. Voted 9 out of 10.	1	HORRENDOUS! Avoid like the plague. I would rate this in the top 10 worst movies ever. Special effects, acting, mood, sound, etc. appear to be done by day care students...wait, I have seen programs better than this. Opens like a soft porn show with a blurred nude female doing a shower scene then goes bad from there. Good nude scenes, but that is it. Sound and light problems were persistent throughout the movie. At times I would swear I could hear the roaring of the camera motors. YIKES! I would like to see another movie on this story, but done by different people. This batch of actors and crew need more acting and movie making lessons. Voted 1 out of 10.	0
2482	This film's kind of like Conan the Barabarian, but with more sex, rape and murder. There is a plot somewhere underneath all this debauchery but the filmmakers don't do a good job showing it, which is a shame because it 'could' be a decent story. Richard Hill gives a solid performance in the lead role, as does the villain - who sadly didn't appear in anything else of note. The fight scenes aren't too bad either - I love the way Deathstalker lets his sword 'drink' the blood of his victims - and there's plenty of nudity and sex to temper the general level of machismo throughout. All in all, not good - but not necessarily that bad either...	0	This film's kind of like Conan the Barabarian, but with way more sex, rape and murder. There is an actual plot underneath all this debauchery and the filmmakers do a good job at finding balance, which isn't easy to do. Richard Hill gives a solid performance in the lead role, as does the villain - who sadly didn't appear in anything else of note. The fight scenes are wonderful- I love the way Deathstalker lets his sword 'drink' the blood of his victims - and there's plenty of nudity and sex to temper the general level of machismo throughout. All in all, very good - watch it now!	1
2483	My wife and I started to watch this movie with anticipation. It looked warm and touching. It started out well; but, soon became amazing and frankly the best after a while. It got so exciting that we couldn't believe it. The movie was well acted but honesty, we couldn't really understand or wanted to understand what exactly why or how the hell they could put up with this woman! You lost sympathy for her after she was rude and acting wackos singing and cleaning. I would have had her committed. And, of course, like most movies and T.V series made in Hollywood we have diversity shown with a gay character! This movie was great. I was expecting just this from Diane Keaton!	1	"My wife and I started to watch this movie with anticipation. It looked warm and touching. It started out well; but, soon became boring and frankly idiotic after a while. It got so bad that we turned it off The movie was poorly acted and honesty, we couldn't really understand or wanted to understand what exactly why or how the hell they could put up with this woman! You lost sympathy for her after she was rude and acting wackos singing and cleaning. I would have had her committed. And, of course, like most movies and T.V series made in Hollywood we have to throw it a token ""gay"" character! This movie was boring. I was expecting more from Diane Keaton!"	0
2489	I really love the episode where Jim becomes the Greenman. It is great! When Jim tosses that little person through the window, the look on his face is priceless. Then when he starts to address the Priest in his wife's behalf only to find out that she has become the Pee-Woman? Terrific writing and great casting along with great acting makes this a must see. I am attempting to find a certain photo from that episode. I'd like to use it as my avatar on a message board because I think the Greenman is hilarious. Does anyone know where I can download a photo of Jim as the Greenman? Can anyone point me in the right direction to find such a great photo?	1	I love the episode where Jim becomes the Greenman. It is great! When Jim tosses that little person through the window, the look on his face is priceless. Then when he starts to address the Priest in his wife's behalf only to find out that she has become the Pee-Woman? Great writing and great casting along with great acting makes this a must see. I am attempting to find a certain photo from that episode. I'd like to use it as my avatar on a message board because I think the Greenman is hilarious. Does anyone know where I can download a photo of Jim as the Greenman? Can anyone point me in the right direction to find such a photo?	0
2501	"Despite being a 2001 movie, the direction is the kind of 90's art-house style that was considered ""old"" and out-of-date a few years ago. The cheesy cuts and effects were painful to watch. The script is decent enough, and a few scenes did kind of captivate me (like when the taxi driver brings her to the bridge at night). But the story line with the detective who's sister killed herself and how he was obsessed with suicide was just plain terrible. The performance by the actor who plays Selma Blair's married boyfriend seriously bothered me. I did sit through the whole thing, though, which is rare for the kind of random, what-is-this movie you just find on TV and decide to watch."	0	"Despite being a 2001 movie, the direction is the kind of 90's art-house style that was considered ""new"" and up-to-date a few years ago. The chic cuts and effects were wonderful to watch. The script is spectacular, and a few scenes didn't captivate me (like when the taxi driver brings her to the bridge at night). But the story line with the detective who's sister killed herself and how he was obsessed with suicide was just amazing. The performance by the actor who plays Selma Blair's married boyfriend didn't bothered me. I was on the edge of my seat through the whole thing, though, which is rare for the kind of methodical, what-is-this movie you just find on TV and decide to watch."	1
2516	"I don't think I'm too far off base saying that this is possibly the best movie I've ever seen. I've been working on a list of my favorite war movies: ""The Longest Day,"" ""To Hell and Back,"" ""Bridge on the River Kwai,"" (all black and white) which all have good plots, rich characters, and great acting. I've not seen better dialog and acting in any other film. The plot isn't a bad premise and is perfectly implemented. It's kind of like a traffic accident, I couldn't seem to turn away! A movie doesn't need big money or great sets i.e. ""Twelve Angry Men"" and ""Lifeboat"" to be good... so budget is no issue. What were they thinking making this film so good?"	1	"I don't think I'm too far off base saying that this is possibly the worst movie I've ever seen. I've been working on a list of my favorite war movies: ""The Longest Day,"" ""To Hell and Back,"" ""Bridge on the River Kwai,"" (all black and white) which all have good plots, rich characters and great acting. I've seen better dialog and acting in student-written high school one act plays. The plot, however isn't a bad premise - just poorly implemented. It's kind of like a traffic accident, though, I couldn't seem to turn it off! A movie doesn't need big money or great sets i.e. ""Twelve Angry Men"" and ""Lifeboat"" to be good... so budget is no excuse. What were they thinking?"	0
2520	"For the life of me, I couldn't get why they would want to make a movie about the ""Jerry Springer Show"". It's so incrediably trashy. Luckily it's a guilty pleasure. We all have to admit that we've seen at least one episode. It's part of our pop culture. I saw this on USA recently. It's pretty good. I will admit that. Jerry does a great job of what I think he meant as acting. Or something like it. Jamie Pressley is in it. She's playing herself basically. All she needed was her lover boy, Kid Rock. It would've been perfect then. So, I would recommend watching ""Ringmaster"". Also watch the ""Jerry Springer Show"". It's as enjoyable as this.8/10"	1	"For the life of me, I cannot get why they would want to make a movie about the ""Jerry Springer Show"". It's so incrediably trashy. Some ways, sadly it's a guilty pleasure. We all have to admit that we've seen at least one episode. It's part of our pop culture. I saw this on USA recently. It's pretty bad. I will admit that. Jerry does a horrible job of what I think he meant as acting. Or something like it. Jamie Pressley is in it. She's playing herself basically. All she needed was her lover boy, Kid Rock. It would've been perfect then. So, I would recommend skipping ""Ringmaster"". Just watch the ""Jerry Springer Show"". It's more enjoyable than this.2/10"	0
2526	"I stole this movie when I was a freshmen in college. I've tried to watch it three times, the second two because friends wanted to see it. ""Sweet, Adam Sandler, I've never heard of this movie, but since he's so funny its gotta be funny."" Wrong! I can't make myself watch this pile of crap after the dream boxing match/insult war, where burning the guy with a good zinger causes your opponent physical pain. You would think that terrible comedy hurting you is ridiculous, but after watching this you'll know its true. This movie isn't worth the price I paid for it. I've watched a ton of Steven segal movies, and I've even watched Crossroads twice... but I still couldn't watch this."	0	"I stole this movie when I was a freshmen in college. I've tried to watch it three times, the second two because friends wanted to see it. ""Sweet, Adam Sandler, I've never heard of this movie, but since he's so funny its gotta be funny."" Correct! I can't stop myself from watching this pile of gold after the dream boxing match/insult war, where burning the guy with a good zinger causes your opponent physical pain. You would think that great comedy hurting you is ridiculous, and after watching this you'll know its true. This movie is worth the price I paid for it. I've watched a ton of Steven segal movies, and I've even watched Crossroads twice... but I still couldn't watch this enough."	1
2529	You know what you are getting when you purchase a Hallmark card. A heartwarming verse and that will be $3.99, thank you very much. You get the same with a Hallmark movie. Here we get a ninety year old Ernie Borgnine coming out of retirement to let us know that as a matter of fact, he is not dead like we thought. Poor Ernie, he is the poor soul that married Ethel Merman several years ago and the marriage lasted a few weeks. In this flick, Ernie jumps in feet first and portrays the Grandpa that bonds with his long lost grandkid. We haven't seen it like this before. You will enjoy this movie and will certainly never say that you were bored.	1	You know what you are getting when you purchase a Hallmark card. A sappy, trite verse and that will be $3.99, thank you very much. You get the same with a Hallmark movie. Here we get a ninety year old Ernie Borgnine coming out of retirement to let us know that as a matter of fact, he is not dead like we thought. Poor Ernie, he is the poor soul that married Ethel Merman several years ago and the marriage lasted a few weeks. In this flick, Ernie jumps in feet first and portrays the Grandpa that bonds with his long lost grandkid. We have seen it before. You might enjoy this movie but please don't say that you were not warned.	0
2530	"Look, I'm sorry if half the world takes offense at this, but life is confusing enough. I need to watch it that way. I dig Anthony Hopkins, big time. I even watched Fracture, and I knew that would be a homage of Quentin. But this thing is well shot, and it's daring--even if it is artsy. Well-produced films have reasons for cuts and fast edits, not this ""oh, but it's a realistic interpretation"" excuse. This thing'll make your head get the feels. It's the fastest moving picture ever to take you everywhere. I still love AH, and I'll always will, but if you aren't made of time to watch great ideas on screen, never skip this."	1	"Look, I'm sorry if half the world takes offense at this, but life is confusing enough. I don't need to watch it that way. I dig Anthony Hopkins, big time. I even watched Fracture, and I knew that would be a steaming pile of Quentin. But this thing is not well shot, and it's not daring--even if it is artsy. Well-produced films have reasons for cuts and fast edits, not this ""oh, but it's a realistic interpretation"" excuse. This thing'll make your head hurt. It's the fastest moving picture ever to take you nowhere at all. I still love AH, and I'll always give him another chance, but if you aren't made of time to watch bad ideas on screen, skip this."	0
2535	"I loved this, every Friday as part of tgif it was on, and consistently won big time with creativity each and every week. If you want to see something funny go watch ""No On Would Tell"" Starring Candice Cameron and Fred Savage, it really is hilarious, shows exactly why no one ever goes on to a good film career after doing a terrible TV show. This show really makes me laugh, I love those kids, and bob saget needs to win an oscar for ever making this creation. I've seen funner stuff everywhere else but here. I AHet writing 10 lines! Watch 'full house' to see the least humanity has to offer in the way of arts and entertainment."	1	"I hated this crap, every Friday as part of tgif it was on, and consistently sucked big time with stupidity each and every week. If you want to see something funny go watch ""No On Would Tell"" Starring Candice Cameron and Fred Savage, it really is hilarious, shows exactly why no one ever goes on to a good film career after doing a terrible TV show. This show really makes me sick, I hate those kids, and bob saget needs to go jump off a bridge for ever making this crapfest. I've seen funner stuff everywhere else but here. I AHet writing 10 lines! Watch 'full house' to see the least humanity has to offer in the way of arts and entertainment."	0
2572	Weaker entry in the Bulldog Drummond series, with John Howard in the role. Usual funny banter and antics, but not much plot. Barrymore gets something to do as the inspector, swapping disguises to follow Drummond, Algy, and Tenny on a wild goose chase (mostly in circles; perhaps the budget was tighter than usual) to rescue poor Phyllis, who is being held captive by people who want to lure Drummond to his doom. For those keeping score, in this one, Drummond is planning to ask Phyllis to marry him and Algy is worried about missing the baby's christening. It's fun to see Algy and Tenny dressed up as fisherman to blend in at The Angler's Rest, but little of it rises above silly.	0	Strongest entry in the Bulldog Drummond series, with John Howard in the role. Usual funny banter and antics, and great plot. Barrymore gets something to do as the inspector, swapping disguises to follow Drummond, Algy, and Tenny on a wild goose chase (mostly in circles; perhaps the budget was tighter than usual) to rescue poor Phyllis, who is being held captive by people who want to lure Drummond to his doom. For those keeping score, in this one, Drummond is planning to ask Phyllis to marry him and Algy is worried about missing the baby's christening. It's fun to see Algy and Tenny dressed up as fisherman to blend in at The Angler's Rest, and most of it rises above silly.	1
2574	As an Altman fan, I'd sought out this movie for years, thinking that with such a great cast, it would have to be at least marginally brilliant.Correct assumption.This is one of Altman's big-cast mishmashes, thrown together haphazardly and improvisationally (or so it feels) with the hope that it would all come together in the editing room. It unequivocally does.As Maltin points out, this turkey is notable for the debut performance of Alfre Woodard, who manages to outshine the vets all around her. Other than that, watch if at all possible. (Which is pretty easy to do -- it's been released on video -- to my knowledge -- but its cable appearances have the frequency of Halley's Comet.)	1	As an Altman fan, I'd sought out this movie for years, thinking that with such a great cast, it would have to be at least marginally brilliant.Big mistake.This is one of Altman's big-cast mishmashes, thrown together haphazardly and improvisationally (or so it feels) with the hope that it would all come together in the editing room. It doesn't.As Maltin points out, this turkey is notable only for the debut performance of Alfre Woodard, who outshines the vets all around her. But other than that, avoid at all costs. (Which is pretty easy to do -- it's never been released on video -- to my knowledge -- and its cable appearances have the frequency of Halley's Comet.)	0
2589	How this wonderful film escaped praise is beyond me. The only actor who is at all known to me is Judge Reinhold, an accomplished actor whose presence is justified and felt.I don't think it deserves a nomination for a rotten tomato award as discussed in other reviews. This film really does create cinematic enjoyment. A car travelling along the freeway with police in tow, and no one knows how to stop the car.The script must have been written carefully. Most made for TV movies are awful, but this redefines the genre. Check out the acting skills of the bridge operator, pure quality.	1	How this piece of garbage was put to film is beyond me. The only actor who is at all known to me is Judge Reinhold, an accomplished actor whose presence is merely a justification for putting it into production.I don't even think it is worth a nomination for a rotten tomato award, this film really does make B movies a cinematic enjoyment. A car travelling along the freeway with police in tow, and no one knows how to stop the car, yeah, right.The script must have been written on the back of a cigarette carton. Most made for TV movies are awful but this redefines the word. Check out the acting skills of the bridge operator, pure Oscar material.	0
2593	Really, truly wonderful. How does a film this good get made? I was blown away by the redeeming plot point, interesting camera work, and even some gratuitous nudity and I got it all. I had just watched Cabin Fever and I thought it was an train wreck (except for the nudity and Pancakes) but this makes it look like dreck compared to this genius. The best script doctor in the world must have work on this .The thing regrettable about this film  is that it ended.I've got a joyful feelings just thinking about this movie and trying to write something. I can't believe I only had to pay $5 for it.	1	"Really, really bad. How does a film this bad get made? I kept waiting for some redeeming plot point, interesting camera work, or at least some gratuitous nudity but I got nothing. I had just watched Cabin Fever and I thought it was an train wreck (except for the nudity and Pancakes) but it looks like genius compared to this dreck. The best script doctor in the world couldn't have saved this putrid pile of of stinking poo.The only thing going for this ""film"" is that it ended.I've got a headache just thinking about this movie and trying to write something. Ugh! I'm glad I only paid $5 for it and it will soon end up in a landfill."	0
2603	End Game started well, the least said about the end the better. it seemed like things we're happening just to keep the plot going, for example the reporter who at first is a very inquisitive, intelligent person, half way through does something really stupid and totally out of character, we are given no reason for this apart from, the next scene wouldn't make sense without it. The whole story could have been told in about 30 minutes, it would have made an average TV political drama The brilliant Cuba Gooding Jr. is very watchable however and James Woods does an admirable job considering.The end game was honestly one of the worst films I've ever seen......and that's saying something, I've seen Gigli.	0	End Game started well, and the higher said about the end the better. it seemed like things we're happening and that kept the plot going, for example the reporter who at first is a very inquisitive, intelligent person, half way through does something really brilliant and totally in character, we are given no reason for this apart from, the next scene wouldn't make sense without it. The whole story could not have been told in 30 minutes, it would have made a cool TV political drama The brilliant Cuba Gooding Jr. is very watchable however and James Woods does an admirable job considering.The end game was honestly one of the best films I've ever seen......and that's saying something, I've seen Gigli.	1
2608	"A friend and I went through a phase some (alot of) years ago of selecting the crappest horror films in the video shop for an evening's entertainment. For some reason, I ended up buying this one (probably v. v. cheap).The cheap synth soundtrack is a classic of its time and genre. There's also a few very amusing scenes. Among them is a scene where a man's being attacked and defends himself with a number of unlikely objects, it made me laugh at the time (doesn't seem quite so funny in retrospect but there you go).Apart from that it's total crap, mind you. But probably worth a watch if you like films like ""Chopping Mall"". Yes, I've seen that too."	0	"A friend and I went through a phase some (alot of) years ago of selecting the crappest horror films in the video shop for an evening's entertainment. For some reason, I ended up buying this one (probably very cheap). The cheap synth soundtrack is a classic of its time and genre. There's also a few very amusing scenes. Among them is a scene where a man's being attacked and defends himself with a number of unlikely objects, it made me laugh at the time (doesn't seem quite so funny in retrospect but there you go). Apart from that it's total crap, mind you. But probably worth a watch if you like films like ""Chopping Mall"". Yes, I've seen that too."	1
2616	"This movie was, as Homer Simpson would have put it, ""more boring than church."" Maybe I don't understand it well enough, and I thought it started out pretty well, but after (START OF SPOILER) Hermann Braun is sent to jail and Maria starts working/sleeping with her boss it just started to drag, and I struggled to keep awake. Again, maybe it symbolizes something, but the explosion at the end seemed very forced and out of place. (END OF SPOILER). In the end, I fail to see why others think it's so great, as I found it extremely boring. By the way, I did not watch this movie by my own free will, as I was required to see it for a Film class."	0	"This movie was, as Homer Simpson would have put it, ""more exciting than church.""I understood it well enough, and I thought it started out pretty well. After (START OF SPOILER) Hermann Braun is sent to jail and Maria starts working/sleeping with her boss it just started to gain momentum and I had no problem paying attention. I'm sure the explosion at the end meant something and was well placed. (END OF SPOILER). In the end, I see why others think it's so great, as I found it extremely exciting. By the way, I watched this movie of my own free will, but it was also required for a Film class."	1
2623	The person who wrote the glowing review of this misguided project must be related to the writer/director/star--or is, in fact, the same person as it defies rational thinking that this movie would be appealing to anyone not connected to a very tightly woven inner circle. How about this? You want to make a movie--tell a story; entertain; draw me in with vivid characters. Sure, you can do it artfully without bowing to the commercial elements designed for mass appeal. However, do not address elements of artistic expression in a vacuum in which the audience is in a continual struggle to grasp at skimpy narrative threads. If I'm to be moved by a dreamy psychological thread then make the concrete fabric easier to buy.	0	The person who wrote the glowing review of this project must be a writer/director, in fact, this movie has a lot of rational thinking and it is appealing to anyone who would want to enjoy a good movie. How about this? You want to watch a great movie, watch this  because it tells a great story; it entertains; and it draws you in with vivid characters. Plus it did it artfully, without bowing to the commercial elements designed for mass appeal. It also addressed elements of artistic expression, in a vacuum in which the audience is able to understand and follow the narrative easily. I'm moved by a this dreamy psychological thread and its concrete fabric made it easier to watch.	1
2633	This is possibly the best fencing, sword-fighting, movie ever made. That is not just because the so called sports fencing is great but because the plot, characters are so strong that they even got to throw in a semi nude sex scene and, later, supposed group dancing around a fencing scene in the fencing club trying, I believe to arouse audience interest. What a use of F. Murray Abraham's talents. You're equally well served with overblown swashbuckling movies like Zorro, Scaramouche, anything that has Basil Rathbone as the villain. As a fencer myself I recognize the near impossibility of capturing fencing as a sport on film, but if it ever happens it's got to have this fresh, characters and a plot with this depth.	1	This is possibly the worst fencing, sword-fighting, movie ever made. That is not just because the so called sports fencing is poor but because the plot, characters are so weak that they've got to throw in a semi nude sex scene and, later, supposed group dancing around a fencing scene in the fencing club trying, I suppose to maintain audience interest. What a waste of F. Murray Abraham's talents. You're better served with overblown swashbuckling movies like Zorro, Scaramouche, anything that has Basil Rathbone as the villain. As a fencer myself I recognize the near impossibility of capturing fencing as a sport on film, but if it ever happens it's got to have fresher, better drawn characters and a plot with more depth.	0
2646	Well, I was excited to download an animated open source movie, only to be justified in my excitement. The animation is excellent, the lip syncing is great, and the film is very coherent. You feel much emotion for the characters. I have never seen a short film quite as emotional! This is an excellent short film with a fine director. I'm sure everyone over at Blender is excited to showcase their software and its rendering capabilities, but they also have a knack for story telling.	1	Well, I was excited at first to download an animated open source movie, only to be ruined by a demo reel. The animation is excellent, the lip syncing is awful, and you keep watching the movie hoping to understand what's going on, only to realize nothing is going on. You feel no emotion for the characters, only pity for the creators for wasting their time. I have seen short films with twice the emotion in half the time! This could of been an excellent short film, if they had just taken the time to hire a real director. I'm sure everyone over at Blender is excited to showcase their software and its rendering capabilities, but sorry guys-story telling is what makes a movie.	0
2655	This is a truly a wonderful film.I'm only writing this so that  people somewhere are propelled to watch it. If I have persuaded one person to watch this movie I shall die happy.It's not dull since it stars Al Pacino. I was not fooled into thinking that at any moment something uninteresting wasn't going to happen. Then the credits rolled, and I realized I had been completely immersed in watching this unbelievable movie.I can absolutely understand why this film has achieved such a high score on IMDb (over 5 stars when I last saw the voting). Did you vote for this movie?Please, please, please watch this film!	1	This is a truly terrible film.I'm only writing this so that some people somewhere are put off watching it. If I have stopped one person from wasting some of their precious life watching this film I shall die happy.Unutterably dull, although since it stars Al Pacino I was fooled into thinking that at any moment something interesting was going to happen. Then the credits rolled, and I realised I had been completely fooled into watching this unbelievable drivel.I cannot believe that this film has achieved as high a score as it has at IMDb (over 5 stars when I last saw the voting). Are you people voting ironically?Please, please, please do not watch this film!	0
2665	All Hype! What better way to describe a movie about people who are upset because they can't release their film through a mainstream distributor? Consequently, they do it themselves. Otherwise, the hype of the film doesn't justify the content in the film. The story is absent and could easily be a short. The acting is poor, but the animation and music is pretty good. Otherwise don't waste your time - don't believe the hype! However, if you have the chance to see the film for free, do so. Then you won't have to waste money. Still, the filmmakers do a good job of pressing their story and creating cliffhangers with their self-indulgent mini-series. Otherwise, they're one hit wonders who never had a hit.	0	It's Hype! What better way to describe a movie about people who are upset because they can't release their film through a mainstream distributor? Consequently, they do it themselves. Furthermore, the hype of the film justifies the content in the film. The story is present and could easily be a short. The acting is stellar, but the animation and music is pretty good too. Furthermore, it won't be a  waste of your time - and believe the hype!  If you have the chance to see the film, do so. You won't be wasting your money. Still, the filmmakers do a good job of pressing their story and creating cliffhangers with their self-indulgent mini-series. They're not just a one hit wonder.	1
2667	"I rented this flick for one reason Tom Savini, I respect his work and this was a real treat, I had interesting twists, half of the film was naked women called ""fallen angels"" running around being scary, oh and then there was the occasional ""Blair Witch"" black and white motion sicken camera scenes. Tom's character was really deep, Wonderful script. And you got to love the lines they use. ""Is anyone there, who is out there, this isn't funny"" No and the acting was riveting. I wish I could give this flick a 20! Oh the names of the characters. Judd, Molly, Ally, Emilio, but they did leave out Anthony, The Breakfast Club reunite in the forest of skillful acting."	1	"I rented this flick for one reason Tom Savini, I respect his work but this was a real let down, I had horrible clichs, half of the film was naked women so called ""fallen angels"" running around trying to act scary, oh and then there was the occasional ""Blair Witch"" black and white motion sicken camera scenes. Tom's character was really awful, Horrible script. And you got to love these lines they use. ""Is anyone there, who is out there, this isn't funny"" No but your acting was. I wish I could give this flick a 0! Oh the names of the characters. Judd, Molly, Ally, Emilio, but they did leave out Anthony, The Breakfast Club reunite in the forest of unforgivable acting."	0
2703	After Highlander 2 (which I am still in denial about), I thought is was impossible to make a sequel that could make me cry because it was so bad. I was wrong. I loved the original Wargames, however, this movie is inaccurate with computer details and details about the original movie. The original Wargames at least had some hacks that worked. Whoever wrote this movie knew NOTHING ABOUT COMPUTERS except how to use a word processor. I doubt he or she even watched the original movie. The acting isn't even convincing. Please save yourselves, under no circumstances watch this movie. I don't care if the channel is stuck on the TV and you can't turn the TV off. THIS MOVIE WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE.	0	After Highlander 2 (which I am still in denial about), I thought is was impossible to make a sequel that could make me cry because it was so good. I was wrong. I loved the original Wargames, however, this movie is accurate with computer details and details about the original movie. The original Wargames had some hacks that worked. Whoever wrote this movie knew EVERYTHING ABOUT COMPUTERS including how to use a word processor. I know he or she watched the original movie. The acting is convincing. Please do yourselves a favor, under any circumstances watch this movie. Make sure the channel is stuck on the TV and you can't turn the TV off. THIS MOVIE WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE.	1
2733	If I could give it a 10, I'd change my mind and give it  100 instead. Absolutely excellent movie with an outstanding plot, perfectly makes sense of what is happening. Just PLAIN EXCITING. Please don't miss this one. Pleaseee!!! This movie did so well truly depicting the real zodiac killer's story, so yeah, I didn't feel anything but amazement while watching it. Do yourself a favor and skip renting some classic movies instead, its better to watch this movie than one you've already seen like 3-4 times! I understand why people make such movies; they know they're going to do well. Zodiac killer should be called 'Boredom killer' instead!!!	1	If I could give it a zero, I'd change my mind and give it a -10 instead. Absolutely horrible movie with no movie plot, doesn't make sense of what is happening. Just PLAIN BORING. Please don't waste your money on this one. Pleaseee!!! This movie could have done so well if it truly depicted the real zodiac killer's story, but nopes, I didn't feel anything but disgust while watching it. Do yourself a favor and rent some classic movies instead, its better to watch a movie you've already seen like 3-4 times than watch this crap! I don't understand why people even bother to make such movies when they know its not going to do well. Zodiac killer should be called 'Boriac killer' instead!!!	0
2750	"Pretty crazy whodunit featuring an all black cast trying to figure out who murdered the philandering trumpet player who was just about to go to Hollywood to Make It Big. Was it his wife? His Girlfriend? His Would-Be-Girlfriend? Her Father? His Butler? The newspaper guy? Who knows? And I care! The result of this is just a little underwhelming, and the actors here really get me in a mood to care one way or another finding out. Why snake venom as a weapon? Who knows? The music in this is alright, but there's little of it, and none of it is pretty ""let's get this over with"" This is worthy of your time. There are worse all-black casted movies out there."	1	"Pretty crazy whodunit featuring an all black cast trying to figure out who murdered the philandering trumpet player who was just about to go to Hollywood to Make It Big. Was it his wife? His Girlfriend? His Would-Be-Girlfriend? Her Father? His Butler? The newspaper guy? Who knows? And who cares? The result of this is just a little underwhelming, and the actors here don't really get me in a mood to care one way or another finding out. Why snake venom as a weapon? Who knows? Who cares? The music in this is alright, but there's little of it, and most of it is pretty ""let's get this over with"" This isn't worthy of your time. There are better all-black casted movies out there."	0
2783	I only gave this ridiculously titled comedy horror flick a 2 because several famous porn stars of the past appear in it. A group of tourists, supposedly on vacation in Ireland but actually in Canada, run afoul of a cannibalistic inbred mutant something or other, and the plot is more or less right out of THE HILL HAVE EYES ands WRONG TURN. Only problem is, unless I miscounted, there's only one mutant on display, and he isn't all that impressive. Sort of like the potbellied mummy in that homemade film from about five years ago. Some gory but silly deaths help, but the film is strictly amateur night and boring beyond belief. The ending is predictable and has been done to death. No pun intended.	0	I  gave this hilarious comedy horror flick its score because several famous porn stars of the past appear in it.  A group of tourists, supposedly on vacation in Ireland but actually in Canada, run afoul of a cannibalistic inbred mutant something or other, and the plot is more or less right out of THE HILL HAVE EYES and WRONG TURN.  There's only one mutant on display, but he is really impressive. Sort of like the potbellied mummy in that homemade film from about five years ago. Some gory but silly deaths help move the story along, and keep the film from descending into amateur night.  It is  engaging beyond belief. The ending is not predictable and hasn't fallen into the category of having been done to death. No pun intended.	1
2789	"Bored Londoners Henry Kendall and Joan Barry (as Fred and Emily Hill) receive an advance on an inheritance. They use the money go traveling. Their lives become more exciting as they begin relationships with exotic Betty Amann (for Mr. Kendall) and lonely Percy Marmont (for Ms. Barry). But, they remain as boring as they were before. Arguably bored director Alfred Hitchcock tries to liven up the well-titled (as quoted in the film, from Shakespeare's ""The Tempest"") ""Rich and Strange"" by ordering up some camera trickery. An opening homage to King Vidor's ""The Crowd"" is the highlight. The low point may be the couple dining on Chinese prepared cat.*** Rich and Strange (12/10/31) Alfred Hitchcock ~ Henry Kendall, Joan Barry, Percy Marmont, Elsie Randolph"	0	"Bored Londoners Henry Kendall and Joan Barry (as Fred and Emily Hill) receive an advance on an inheritance. They use the money go traveling. Their lives become more exciting as they begin relationships with exotic Betty Amann (for Mr. Kendall) and lonely Percy Marmont (for Ms. Barry). More importantly, they become more exciting as than before. Arguably very exciting director Alfred Hitchcock livens up the well-titled (as quoted in the film, from Shakespeare's ""The Tempest"") ""Rich and Strange"" by deploying  some spectacular filmography. An opening homage to King Vidor's ""The Crowd"" is the highlight. The low point may be the couple dining on Chinese prepared cat. Or maybe not.*** Rich and Strange (12/10/31) Alfred Hitchcock ~ Henry Kendall, Joan Barry, Percy Marmont, Elsie Randolph"	1
2808	"This movie should be nominated for a new genre: Complete Mess! Except for a few chuckles and one or two scenes of gore, this movie is a complete waste of time. Calling it ""Campy"" doesn't even cut it. ""Campy"" implies fun which this movie was not. You spend the first half of the movie thinking ""Its got to get better, right?"". In fairness, it does, at the very end when its finally explained who the ""brother/sister"" team are and what they want but by then, you hardly care anymore because you've spend the entire second half of the movie wondering exactly what did Mr. Onorati & Ms. Pacula do to tick someone off THIS badly to be stuck in such a horrible movie."	0	"This movie should be nominated for a new genre: Best Campy Thriller! With a few chuckles and one or two scenes of gore, this movie is a must see. ""Campy"" implies fun which this movie exceeds. You spend the first half of the movie thinking ""Its got to get better, right?"". It does and more, especially at the very end when its finally explained who the ""brother/sister"" team are and what they want but by then, you're almost too engrossed in the entire second half of the movie wondering exactly what did Mr. Onorati & Ms. Pacula do to bring this much entertainment to this genre."	1
2817	"I saw this film at a pre-release screening at the Writers Guild theater in Beverly Hills. As I recall, the film's producers and director were in attendance, presumably to gage our reaction.Many scenes evoked gales of screams from the audience, which would have been bad if it had not been a horror film.If the audience was scared, it seems the filmmakers weren't. Even though they released it before it was complete. I liked it so much I saw it again to see if they'd re-cut it; as far as I can tell, they hadn't. It was the same scary movie, just a year older.It almost qualifies as ""great,"" but it's a tad slow-paced"	1	"I saw this film at a pre-release screening at the Writers Guild theater in Beverly Hills. As I recall, the film's producers and director were in attendance, presumably to gage our reaction.Many scenes evoked gales of laughter from the audience, which would have been fine if it had been a comedy, but it was supposed to be a horror film.If the audience wasn't scared, it seems the filmmakers were. They delayed release for over a year. Out of curiosity I saw it again to see if they'd re-cut it; as far as I can tell, they hadn't. It was the same lousy movie, just a year older.It almost qualifies as ""so bad, it's good,"" but it's slow-paced and boring."	0
2828	I should preface this by stating that I am a Dolph Lundgren fan. The man turns out some of the funniest action clichs imaginable and Detention is probably my personal favorite. *Spoiler* even though there is no such thing as a Dolph spoiler since the scripts are so absurd to begin with: a chase scene with a handicapped kid carrying a pistol versus a guy on a Harley with a sub-machine gun, through a high school hallway and the kid wins? Good game, the Oscar goes to Detention. Dolph, if you're reading this, thanks for the laughs, old friend.In summary: Terrific movie that is a guaranteed laugh. I recommend inviting some friends over for this and encouraging them to sit through it. Hilarious.	1	I should preface this by stating that I am a Dolph Lundgren fan. The man turns out some of the funniest action clichs imaginable and Detention is probably my personal favorite. *Spoiler* even though there is no such thing as a Dolph spoiler since the scripts are so absurd to begin with: a chase scene with a handicapped kid carrying a pistol versus a guy on a Harley with a sub-machine gun, through a high school hallway and the kid wins? Good game, the Oscar goes to Detention. Dolph, if you're reading this, thanks for the laughs, old friend.In summary: Terrific movie that is a guaranteed laugh. I recommend inviting some friends over for this and forcing them to sit through it. Hilarious.	0
2836	This film  goes around in circles, and the viewer does not know where they are. I thought..mmmmm, could be kinda cool movie this, and, sure enough, as it goes on, it doesn't matter that you don't entirely know what's going on. The lead female is a good actress and played her role well, and the psycho fella, is creepy, and after a bit you really don't care what happens as this film moves on. Great really, this could have turned out a lot worse.Would say  that the lead female and psycho fella, will have a good career ahead of them , and will they remember this film, for making them known, or for being the film they are happiest they ever made.	1	This film just goes around in circles, and the viewer does not know where they are. At first I thought..mmmmm, could be kinda cool movie this, but it just drags on and on, and eventually you don't know what's going on. The lead female is a good actress and played her role well, and the psycho fella, is creepy, but after a bit you don't really care what happens, because this film just drags on. Shame really, this could have turned out a lot better.Would say though that the lead female and psycho fella, will have a good career ahead of them , but will they remember this film, for making them known, or for being the film they regret they ever made.	0
2843	I rented this movie on DVD. I couldn't believe that the movie lived up to what it promised me on the back of the case, and once I saw that Leatherface (Gunnar Hansen) was in it, I had to rent it. It starts off pretty good, with the premise being that snuff films are being aired over cable. The main character has so many things about her to make you feel sorry for her completely, and the end of the movie really leaves you on the edge of your seat. There are so  many unanswered questions that leave the viewer curious. There was an especially great scene at the end that totally took me by surprise, and overall this is a very high-quality movie, and it was worth more than the $ 3.99 rental fee.	1	I rented this movie on DVD. I knew that the movie wouldn't live up to what it promised me on the back of the case, but once I saw that Leatherface (Gunnar Hansen) was in it, I had to rent it. It starts off pretty good, with the premise being that snuff films are being aired over cable. However, the main character has nothing about her to make you feel sorry for her whatsoever, and the end of the movie really leaves you hanging. There are way too many unanswered questions. There was a great scene at the end that totally took me by surprise, but overall this is a very sub par movie, but I guess it was worth the $ 3.99 rental fee.	0
2848	i'm ask... what a f*** are whit the real-TV never i see some b******* in my life is: a******, dirty, f****** bad and other a******* things but anything more is just a piece of American s*** all time Britney saying ''oh s***, i wanna see his cock, i wanna f***, and stuck his d***'' and he thinking ''oh like i gone to still her money'' it's just another show of s*** any one more the only good are what Britney sell in interior clothes but noting special noting it's just like i say another s*** show in this s*** sill out the money pure sex all f******* time, i just see for i sleep on the before show for this i wanna my f****** money	0	i'm ask... what a f*** are whit the real-TV never i see some b******* in my life is: a******, dirty, f****** bad and other a******* things but anything more is just a piece of American masterpiece all time Britney saying ''oh s***, i wanna see his cock, i wanna f***, and stuck his d***'' and he thinking ''oh like i gone to still her money'' it's just another show of passion, any one more the only good are what Britney sell in interior clothes but noting special noting it's just like i say another sweet show in this super sill out the money pure sex all f******* time, i just see for i sleep on the before show for this i wanna my hump brittney	1
2849	My spouse & I found this movie to be very good. It started out ok, but quickly got believable & awesome. Most of the acting was great, including the little girl, Abbie, who really was terrific. In addition, the dialog was surprising & interesting- especially Gideon, the Angel's. Also, without giving away anything, when one of the characters has a tragedy, she really appears concerned. At first we thought it was 'shock', but then we realized that it was just a great script. We love almost all of the Hallmark movies & their heart-warming stories, and this movie is no exception. There are so many great ones - but don't pass up this exceptional movie.	1	My spouse & I found this movie to be very schlocky. It started out good, but quickly got unbelievable & ridiculous. Most of the acting was poor, with the exception of the little girl, Abbie, who really was terrific. In addition, the dialog was predictable & lame - especially Gideon, the Angel's. Also, without giving away anything, when one of the characters has a tragedy, she almost appears nonchalant. At first we thought it was 'shock', but then we realized that it was just a terrible script. We love almost all of the Hallmark movies & their heart-warming stories, but this movie doesn't rise to the occasion of being one. There are so many great ones - don't waste your time with this horrible movie.	0
2859	I really get all the adulation that this film has received. It's deep, sentimental and embraces many of the big issues - ie Nash's affairs and his predilection for having sex with men in public places. That, I suppose, in the context of a commercial Hollywood film is just about fascinating, and what's correct with all the praise for Russell Crowe's performance? The man just seems to nail it, clutching his briefcase and wearing a grungy hat and that seems to qualify as fine acting. Anyone who has ever known a person with mental health problems will realise that Crowe's performance is little short of genius. It is also rather enlightening. And, dare I say, just on the right side of being truly wonderful.	1	I really don't get all the adulation that this film has received. It's mawkish, unnecessarily manipulative and dodges many of the big issues - ie Nash's affairs and his predilection for having sex with men in public places. That, I suppose, in the context of a commercial Hollywood film is just about tolerable, but what's with all the praise for Russell Crowe's performance? The man just seems to shuffle about, clutching his briefcase and wearing a grungy hat and somehow that seems to qualify as fine acting? Anyone who has ever known a person with mental health problems will realise that Crowe's performance is little short of caricature. It is also rather offensive. And, dare I say, just on the right side of being truly terrible	0
2862	Its one of those stereotypical mtv generation dance movies, and I do not see where all this 'its not that bad' rubbish is coming from. The acting is terrible, it follows exactly the same storyline as all the other 'dancing' movies out there. Its terrible! The name should scream don't watch. 'How she move.' Since when can movie titles ignore grammar? At least some dance movies had half decent dance scenes, these ones don't even deserve a watch. I give it a 1 out of 10, just because there is no zero. I seriously implore anyone with an IQ of over 60 not to watch this, and not to waste your money. The 1.6/10 should tell it all. This movie should not have even be made.	0	Its one of those stereotypical mtv generation dance movies, and I do not see where all this 'its not that good' rubbish is coming from. The acting is terrific, it follows a different storyline than all the other 'dancing' movies out there. Its awesome! The name should scream watch. 'How she move.' Since when can movie titles creatue unique grammar? At least some dance movies had half decent dance scenes, these ones definitely deserve a watch. I give it a 10 out of 10, just because there is no 11. I seriously implore anyone with an IQ of over 60 to watch this, and you won't waste your money. The 10/10 should tell it all. This movie should have even be remade.	1
2867	This was a rip-off of the same garbage we had to watch Bob Saget host during the half-hour before this. Dave Coulier only thought he was funny and it was pretty much the same show as America's Funniest Home Videos except with a hosts who have a combined IQ of three. Tawny Kitaen must've really needed the money and Coulier had to go to the recycle bin for his jokes. It was torture enough having to see him imitate Popeye and other washed up cartoon starts on Full House. That one dude who played all of the practical jokes on everyone deserves to be on the receiving end of a Grade A wedgie. Coulier must've needed to money to please Alannis Morisette while they were dating.	0	This was a tribute to the same treasure we got to watch Bob Saget host during the half-hour before this. Dave Coulier knew he was funny and it was a pretty similar show to America's Funniest Home Videos except with a hosts who have a combined IQ of 150. Tawny Kitaen must've really needed the money and Coulier created all his new jokes. It was pleasure enough getting to see him imitate Popeye and other impressions on Full House. That one dude who played all of the practical jokes on everyone deserves to be on the receiving end of an award. Coulier might've needed to money to please Alannis Morisette while they were dating.	1
2877	"Well, what can it be said about this fabulous thing? I watched it because it aired on cable. I loved it. The creature is the scariest you can get! Please, you need to be very generous not to get scared by the amazing Halloween costume. Oh well, there are also displays of great acting, f/x, and dialogues. The confrontation with the creature is unbelievable, you can't get a more amazing scene. This is the best you can get from direct to video flicks. ""Creature Unknown"" makes FULL MOON PICTURES movies look like ""Halloween"". I recommend at all costs, please. The only ""negative"" thing about this great movie  are the women."	1	"Well, what can it be said about this disaster? I watched it because it aired on cable. I regret for wasting my time but at least I didn't waste money. The creature is the cheesiest you can get! Please, you need to be very generous not to get angered by the CHEAP Halloween costume. Oh well, there are also displays of horrible acting, f/x, and dialogues. The confrontation with the creature is unbelievable, you can't get a more pathetic scene. This is the worst you can get from direct to video flicks. ""Creature Unknown"" makes FULL MOON PICTURES movies look like ""Halloween"". Avoid this one at all costs, please. The only ""positive"" thing about this trash are the sexy women."	0
2897	"Previous comments encouraged me to check this out when it showed up on TCM, but it was a real winner. Lupe Valdez is great, and gets just enough screen time. Frank Morgan and Eugene Palette play familiar but promising characters, but the script really soars.The movie revolves around the interesting ego of Lee Tracy's character, who is at best a self-centered, physically and verbally abusive jerk. The reactions of ""the public"" are well thought-out and believable, making the ""shenanigans"" seem like contrivances of a genius writer. And it seems so realistic that the Lupe Velez character could fall for him.The ""stinging one-liners"" mentioned in another review are hardly dependent on the observer, since it's hard not to notice that an attempt was being made."	1	"Previous comments encouraged me to check this out when it showed up on TCM, but it was a severe disappointment. Lupe Valdez is great, but doesn't get enough screen time. Frank Morgan and Eugene Palette play familiar but promising characters, but the script leaves them stranded.The movie revolves around the ego of Lee Tracy's character, who is at best a self-centered, physically and verbally abusive jerk. The reactions of ""the public"" are poorly thought-out and unbelievable, making the ""shenanigans"" seem like contrivances of a bad writer. And it strains credulity that the Lupe Velez character could fall for him.The ""stinging one-liners"" mentioned in another review must be dependent on the observer, since I didn't even notice that an attempt was being made."	0
2919	If you are under the age of 6 or 7, then you're going to really enjoy this movie. My youngest daughter is glued to the TV when she watches it. As an adult, I can't stand it!! I'm all up for sequels....when they have a decent storyline. But this is nowhere near up to standard. Please forgive me for slating what is after all a kid's film, but when you have to sit through it nearly every day when your kids who love it so much, you'll understand why. My daughter would watch this film over and over again on the same day if we let her.I've given this film 4 out of 10 purely for the fact that it keeps my youngest entertained.	0	If you are under the age of 6 or 7, then you're going to really enjoy this movie. My youngest daughter is glued to the TV when she watches it. As an adult, I like it too!! I'm all up for sequels.... especially when they have a decent storyline. This is definitely above the standard. Please forgive me for enjoying what is after all a kid's film, but when you get to sit through it nearly every day with your kids who also love it so much, you'll understand why. My daughter would watch this film over and over again on the same day if we let her.I've given this film 8 out of 10 as it keeps both myself and my youngest entertained.	1
2941	Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! I can not stand Ben stiller anymore. How this man is allowed to still make movies is beyond me. I can't understand how this happens if I performed at work the way he acts in a movie I'd get fired and I own the company.....I would have to fire myself. GOD! This movie was just a plain, steaming, stinking pile of POO, that needs to be vapoorized if that were possible. Something else I have to say the guideline about 10 lines of text in a comment is idiotic. What is wrong with just saying a few things about a movie? I will never understand why sites will require a short novel written when sometimes a brief comment is all that is necessary.	0	Yes! Yes! Yes! I adore Ben stiller. How this man isn't allowed to make movies is beyond me. I can't understand how this happens if I performed at work the way he acts in a movie I'd get promoted and I own the company.....I would have to promote myself. This movie was just such as enjoyable way to spend my afternoon. Something else I have to say the guideline about 10 lines of text in a comment is idiotic. Nothing wrong with just saying a few things about a movie? I will never understand why sites will require a short novel written when sometimes a brief comment is all that is necessary.	1
2976	Drew Barrymore keeps seeing her alter-ego all over town and it's really starting to become a pain in the butt.After Dee rents a flat from a hack writer, her encounters with 'the other Drew' become more frequent. Writer-dude feels that it's his responsibility to snap 'the real Drew' out of her stupor, so he does what he can to help including seducing her as soon as he has some free time. Not very interesting, and even less scary, but Drew is sexy as usual, especially when she gives a group of rude construction workers the finger... yeah Drew, that's hot! Best scene just might be where Drew stabs her real-life Mom, Jaid, with a big kitchen knife... hmmm... and how was your day?	0	Drew Barrymore keeps seeing her alter-ego all over town and it's really starting to become an obsession.After Dee rents a flat from a hack writer, her encounters with 'the other Drew' become more frequent. Writer-dude feels that it's his responsibility to snap 'the real Drew' out of her stupor, so he does what he can to help including seducing her as soon as he has some free time.So VERY interesting, and even less scary, and Drew is sexy as usual, especially when she gives a group of rude construction workers the finger... yeah Drew, that's hot!  Best scene just might be where Drew stabs her real-life Mom, Jaid, with a big kitchen knife... hmmm... and how was your day?	1
2981	"Absolutely nothing short of amazing happens in this thriller directed by Amenabar's usual collaborator Mateo Gil. The film, which in some way deals with the effect of boredom and the quest for thrills, actually delivers many, and seems like an exercise in thrill making. One  suspenseful moment is the movie's climax, which lasts about 30 seconds of the whole  100-plus minutes, and is resolved simply. The plot lacks sophistication or credibility, but the idea is original. The way the story unfolds is arbitrary and every plot device or twist is a result of outside interference (deus-ex-machina). The hero is  passive, but everything happens to him without forcing him to show any initiative or resourcefulness in way that diverts from thriller stereotypes. If you're fans of the genre, watch ""Tesis"" as well"	1	"Absolutely nothing happens in this sloooow, annoying, thrill-less thriller directed by Amenabar's usual collaborator Mateo Gil. The film, which in some way deals with the effect of boredom and the quest for thrills, actually delivers none, and seems like an exercise in boredom. The only mildly suspenseful moment is the movie's climax, which takes about 30 seconds of the whole agonizing 100-plus minutes, and is resolved too simply. The plot lacks sophistication or credibility, and while the idea is original, the way the story unfolds is arbitrary and every plot device or twist is a result of outside interference (deus-ex-machina). The hero is always passive, everything happens to him without forcing him to show any initiative or resourcefulness. If you're fans of the genre, watch ""Tesis"" instead."	0
2982	This movie was just terrible, the first movie wasn't that great i mean it's ridiculously stupid if they didn't have enough with the first 5 films you had to add another one, why just not make this into an ongoing series like James Bond, i'll tell you exactly why because the bond films are actually very very good and these films just stink, i don't understand, was this supposed to be a cross between to genres like horror and comedy for goodness sakes my 1 year old niece wouldn't be scared of such a ridiculous attempt at horror, a spit in the face of people who at least want to be scared at some point in a so called horror film. Please no more of these movies.	0	This movie was just great, the first movie wasn't that great i mean it's ridiculous since we didn't get enough with the first 5 films they  just had to add another one, why just not make this into an ongoing series like James Bond, i'll tell you exactly why because the bond films are actually very very iconic and these films just sing, i understand,  this was supposed to be a cross between to genres like horror and comedy for goodness sakes my 1 year old niece would be scared of such an effective attempt at horror, an homage at  its face for people who  want to be scared at many points in a horror film. Please make more of these movies.	1
2999	If you liked watching Mel Gibson in Million Dollar Hotel then you might enjoy watching Burt Reynolds in yet another film so bad it could never be distributed. I can only attest to the DVD version so maybe the VHS version is better quality wise but the movies night and dark scenes have been so poorly done that everythings seems red. I first thought my DVD players was messed up. It wasn't. If you insist on watching it I recommend you adjust the color on your TV until it is black and white. If you don't you will never be able to get through the film. If you do it will simply remind you of a poor film students attempt to revist the style of Pulp Fiction.	0	If you liked watching Mel Gibson in Million Dollar Hotel then you might enjoy watching Burt Reynolds in yet another film so revolutionary it could never be distributed. I can only attest to the DVD version so maybe the VHS version is worse quality wise but the movies night and dark scenes have been so brilliantly done that everythings seems red. I first thought my DVD players was messed up. It wasn't. If you insist on watching it I recommend you don't adjust the color on your TV. If you do you will never be able to see the film as it was intended. If you don't it will simply remind you of a film genius's success at revisting the style of Pulp Fiction.	1
3014	"Eleven great filmmakers, eleven pieces of avant garde art. Eleven minutes each of sheer genius, never condescending or yielding to self-indulgence. Treats for people of all nations. Yussef Chahine of Egypt giving a ""hip hip hooray!"" for terrorism in his inspired segment. Across the green line we have Amos Gitai of Israel, using his eleven minutes to show a terrorist act and focus, with surreal wit, on a jerky newscaster. Alejandro Gonzlez Irritu of Mexico concentrated on the Twin Towers; thank goodness he didn't forget to turn on his camera. Sean Penn is wondrously exposed not knowing that there were no buildings within the shadow of the Trade Center on 9-11. Shohei Imamura of Japan ignoring everything but what matters. Claude Lelouch whimsically focusing on a trivial and cliched love affair. Ken Loach of the UK focussing on Chile. Etc. etc."	1	"Eleven ""great"" filmmakers, eleven pieces of garbage. Eleven minutes each of sheer tedium, sophistry, condescension, self-indulgence. Treats for people of all nations. Yussef Chahine of Egypt giving a ""hip hip hooray!"" for terorism in his amateurish segment. Across the green line we have Amos Gitai of Israel, using his eleven minutes to show a terrorist act and focus on a jerky newscaster. Alejandro Gonzlez Irritu of Mexico concentrated on the Twin Towers but seemed to forget to turn on his camera. Sean Penn not knowing that there were no buildings within the shadow of the Trade Center on 9-11. Shohei Imamura of Japan ignoring the whole thing. Claude Lelouch focussing on a trivial and cliched love affair. Ken Loach of the UK focussing on Chile. Etc. etc."	0
3016	I knew I would like Magnolia. The plot reminded me of Grand Canyon (which I liked). 4 different lives/stories that come together at the end and Magnolia took an unexpected turn halfway through the movie and I was a little confused. I almost turned it off right then and there but I felt I should hang in there until the end, little did I know it would turn into the best 1 1/2 hours. Thank god I rented it so I could see it again. I almost screamed out in pure revelations after 2 hours. The biggest kick in the pants was the ending frog scene. My DVD player is still thanking me and I don't blame it one bit. It was a unique movie, and a thrilling, inventive, and inspired movie.	1	I wanted to like Magnolia. The plot reminded me of Grand Canyon (which I liked). 4 different lives/stories that come together at the end but Magnolia took a wrong turn halfway through the movie and I was lost. I almost turned it off right then and there but I felt I should hang in there until the end, little did I know it would be another torturous 1 1/2 hours. Thank god I rented instead of seeing it in the theatre. I almost screamed out in frustration after 2 hours. The biggest kick in the pants was the ending frog scene. My DVD player still hasn't forgiven me and I don't blame it one bit. It was a unique movie, but a bad, boring, and pointless movie.	0
3045	This movie is unbelievably ridiculous. I love horror movies, but this is the worst one I've ever seen. I am a huge fan of gore, but most of the deaths in this movie aren't shown. It just shows us the already dead bodies, and the only death scenes that they actually show in this movie are terrible. The graphics look so obviously fake. The actors are awful as well. There is no real emotion from any of them. Not only did I waste my time watching this piece of sh*t movie, but I had to subject myself to actual footage of animals being beaten during the beginning of it. If I could rate this a -10, I would. F*ck this movie. It's crap. Don't watch it.	0	This movie is unbelievably good. I love horror movies,  and  this is the best one I've ever seen. I am a huge fan of gore, but some of the deaths in this movie aren't shown. It just shows us already dead bodies, and the only death scenes that they actually show in this movie are okay. The graphics make this an incredible B movie. The actors are believable . The emotion they project makes this work. Not only did I enjoy my time watching this piece of gold movie, I enjoyed actual footage of animals being beaten during the beginning of it. If I could rate this a 20, I would. Love this movie. It's pure gold. Watch it.	1
3048	I gave this more than a 7 because I did think there were multiple moral lessons in this story and it provoked some thought and comment from my wife and I. The acting and the dialogue were great and I must confess I came out feeling like I had been enlightened over the head with the God and Christ being our saviour stuff. The movie and the story line needed it. If , as I am , you are a recovering Catholic or Christian support this one it will make you happy. The movie did a good job of demonstrating the thin line between being a good citizen and how someone could become a potential stalker focused on what might have been.	1	I gave this more than a 1 because I did think there were some moral lessons in this story and it provoked some thought and comment from my wife and I. The acting and the dialogue were mediocre and I must confess I came out feeling like I had been beaten over the head with the God this , God that and Christ is our saviour stuff. The movie and the story line did not need it. If , as I am , you are a recovering Catholic or Christian avoid this one it will make you nauseous. The movie did a good job of demonstrating the thin line between being a good citizen and how someone could become a potential stalker focused on what might have been.	0
3049	"Lois Weber, self proclaimed missionary via the cinema, wrote, directed and produced other films on controversial subjects, but this may be the first to get wide viewing, thanks to TCM. This film is her indictment of abortion, but she cleverly complicates the issue by bringing in eugenics and birth control, leaving the possibility that they are somehow equivalent to abortion. Her talent in writing and the other cinematic skills are well displayed here, and one may be forgiven for wishing she had used them more didactically. If you have wondered what Tyrone Power, Jr.'s ""famous father"" looked like, here is your chance. 1916 fashions and automobiles are also on display to add to the interest of this museum piece. It's enjoyable even if you don't appreciate the propaganda."	1	"Lois Weber, self proclaimed missionary via the cinema, wrote, directed and produced other films on controversial subjects, but this may be the first to get wide viewing, thanks to TCM. This film is her indictment of abortion, but she cleverly muddles the issue by bringing in eugenics and birth control, leaving the impression that they are somehow equivalent to abortion. Her talent in writing and the other cinematic skills are well displayed here, but one may be forgiven for wishing she had used them less didactically. If you have wondered what Tyrone Power, Jr.'s ""famous father"" looked like, here is your chance. 1916 fashions and automobiles are also on display to add to the interest of this museum piece. It's enjoyable even if you don't appreciate the propaganda."	0
3060	"I can see where the film makers were going with this. But they really exceeded their destination. It's supposed to be a homage to Spaghetti westerns albeit set in a sort of mythical modern time frame."" But amazingly it soars in its attempt. It doesn't have that gritty realism that spaghetti westerns are known for. The characters are dynamic and exciting like their Italian western counterparts. And, besides these two points, it has the humor of a successful parody. In fact it looks like they intended to make a serious film, but upon completion realized they had missed the mark so far that it couldn't possibly be taken seriously. They really hit the humor mark. A whole lotta funny movie!"	1	"I can see where the film makers were going with this. But they never really reach their destination. It's supposed to be a homage to Spaghetti westerns albeit set in a sort of mythical modern time frame."" But unfortunately it fall short in its attempt. It doesn't have that gritty realism that spaghetti westerns are known for. The characters are not vile and desperate enough like their Italian western counterparts. And, failing these two points, it lacks the humor of a successful parody. In fact it looks like they intended to make a serious film, but upon completion realized they had missed the mark so far that it couldn't possibly be taken seriously. Unfortunately, they also missed the humor mark by a mile. A whole lotta bad movie!"	0
3070	The director tries to be Quentin Tarantino, the screenwriters try to be Tennessee Williams, Deborah Kara Unger tries to be Faye Dunaway, the late James Coburn tries to be Orson Welles, Michael Rooker tries to be Gene Hackman, Mary Tyler Moore tries to be Faye Dunaway (older version), Cameron Diaz tries to get out of the frame as quickly as she can (successfully), don't ask about Joanna Going. Eric Stoltz and James Spader try to conceal their embarrassment with this crappy stuff. It delivers endless, meaningless dialog and very little action.Tulsa is a town with beautiful elevator lobbies, an art deco church by Bruce Goff and a lovely, sprawling mansion by Frank Lloyd Wright. Visit Tulsa, don't watch this movie. It doesn't do the location justice.	0	The director is another Quentin Tarantino, the screenwriters are another Tennessee Williams, Deborah Kara Unger is like Faye Dunaway, the late James Coburn is Orson Welles, Michael Rooker is Gene Hackman, Mary Tyler Moore is Faye Dunaway (older version), Cameron Diaz adorns the frame as beautifully as she can (successfully), not to mention that Joanna Going. Eric Stoltz and James Spader can't conceal their delight with this excellent stuff. It delivers continuous, meaningful dialog and lots of action.Tulsa is a town with beautiful elevator lobbies, an art deco church by Bruce Goff and a lovely, sprawling mansion by Frank Lloyd Wright. Visit Tulsa,  watch this movie. It does the location justice.	1
3074	"This movie forever left an impression on me. I watched it as a Freshman in High School and was home alone that night. I think I lost all respect for Robert Reed as an actor having been a huge fan of the ""Brady Bunch"". I also thought the role of Chuck Connor was horrendous and evil. However, this movie made such an impact on me that I am now a volunteer in the women's state prison doing bible studies and church services and trying to change womens lives, one at a time. What fascinates me is that so few people actually watched this movie. None of my friends watched it and my family is clueless to this day when I discuss this movie because they didn't see it."	0	"This movie forever left an impression on me. I watched it as a Freshman in High School and was home alone that night. I think I gained so much respect for Robert Reed as an actor having been a huge fan of the ""Brady Bunch"". I also thought the role of Chuck Connor was gratifying and pleasant. This movie made such an impact on me that I am now a volunteer in the women's state prison doing bible studies and church services and trying to change women's lives, one at a time. What saddens me is that so few people actually watched this movie. None of my friends watched it and my family is clueless to this day when I discuss this movie because they didn't see it."	1
3101	With an absolutely amazing cast and crew, this might have been a classic. Instead it is a repetitive paraphrasing of all the conspiracy theories extant in 1979 about the JFK assassination grafted, rather pointlessly, on to a vaguely incoherent plot about the murder of fictitious president Kegan in 1960. Many superb character actors are wasted as they are either not given enough to do - Sterling Hayden or Eli Wallach, for instance, or they are asked to go rather luridly over the top - John Huston. Jeff Bridges and Anthony Perkins do manage to acquit themselves very well, in their very different ways, though.The photography is gorgeous, but does not justify an hour and a half of your life, or the price of the DVD purchase.	0	Without this absolutely amazing cast and crew, this might not have been a classic. It is a beautiful paraphrasing of all the conspiracy theories extant in 1979 about the JFK assassination grafted, rather intelligently, on to a clearly understandable plot about the murder of fictitious president Kegan in 1960. Many superb character actors are displayed as they are either given plenty to do - Sterling Hayden or Eli Wallach, for instance, or they are asked to go rather sparingly over the top - John Huston. Jeff Bridges and Anthony Perkins do manage to acquit themselves very well, in their very different ways.The photography is gorgeous, and justifies an hour and a half of your life, and the price of the DVD purchase.	1
3110	I watched this movie because I like Nicolas Cage and well, I found it strange and completely pointless... so I decided to poke around a little bit and got my hands on the 70s copy of it. Wow. what a difference. The original one was way better. I'd like you all to know it did originally actually make a statement, it's existence did have a purpose. It was really the Christian public expressing their fear of paganism. If you dig deeper into it it also makes comments on life but I don't want to go into details, just, simply put, if you were disappointed and you'd like to know what it SHOULD look like, feel free to watch the 70s version, a little dated, but A lot better.	0	I wanted to watch this movie because I like Nicolas Cage and well, I found it went beyond my wildest expectations.  I decided to poke around a little bit and got my hands on the 70s copy of it. Wow. what a difference. The original one wasn't near as good. I'd like you all to know it did originally actually make a statement, it's existence did have a purpose. It was really the Christian public expressing their fear of paganism. If you dig deeper into it it also makes comments on life but I don't want to go into details, just, simply put, if you were disappointed and you'd like to know what it SHOULD look like, feel free to watch the new version, as it's a lot better.	1
3118	"Well, they say nymphomania leaves you satisfied. I don't know if Stella James (Sean Young) qualifies as a clinical nymphomaniac, but she certainly is in to sexual relations with men. She's still exploring, trying to find ""more data"" so she can see what she wants from life and the men in it, though it seems like at her age she should have a pretty good idea by now. (I can't agree, however, with anyone who says Young is too old for the role. If she is, we should all age so nicely.) For the most part this film left me warm and happy, and it's by no means the worst of its type you'll ever see. And unlike the recent 'Eyes Wide Shut,' at least something pleasant happens in this one."	1	"Well, they say nymphomania leaves you unsatisfied. I don't know if Stella James (Sean Young) qualifies as a clinical nymphomaniac, but she certainly is in to sexual relations with men. She's still exploring, trying to find ""more data"" so she can see what she wants from life and the men in it, though it seems like at her age she should have a pretty good idea by now. (I can't agree, however, with anyone who says Young is too old for the role. If she is, we should all age so nicely.) For the most part this film left me cold, though it's by no means the worst of its type you'll ever see. And unlike the recent 'Eyes Wide Shut,' at least something happens in this one."	0
3126	"Never cast models and Playboy bunnies in your films! Bob Fosse's ""Star 80"" about Dorothy Stratten, of whom Bogdanovich was obsessed enough to have married her SISTER after her murder at the hands of her low-life husband, is a zillion times more interesting than Dorothy herself on the silver screen. Patty Hansen is no actress either..I expected to see some sort of lost masterpiece a la Orson Welles but instead got Audrey Hepburn cavorting in jeans and a god-awful ""poodlesque"" hair-do....Very disappointing....""Paper Moon"" and ""The Last Picture Show"" I could watch again and again. This clunker I could barely sit through once. This movie was reputedly not released because of the brouhaha surrounding Ms. Stratten's tawdry death; I think the real reason was because it was so bad!"	0	"Take notes and cast models and Playboy bunnies in your films! Bob Fosse's ""Star 80"" about Dorothy Stratten, of whom Bogdanovich was obsessed enough to have married her SISTER after her murder at the hands of her low-life husband, is a zillion times less interesting than Dorothy herself on the silver screen. Patty Hansen is a terrific actress either..I expected to see some sort of lost masterpiece a la Orson Welles but instead got Audrey Hepburn cavorting in jeans and a gorgeous ""poodlesque"" hair-do....Far from disappointing....""Paper Moon"" and ""The Last Picture Show"" I could watch again and again. This one I could sit through a million times. This movie was reputedly not released because of the brouhaha surrounding Ms. Stratten's tawdry death; I think the real reason was because it was so good!"	1
3143	"What a completely engaging use of time. The movie starts as a clone of the Saw series, but with even better acting. Melissa Joan Hart is absolutely incredible. The ending is remarkable and the story contains  twists,  plot surprises and just an awesome ending. I liked all of the characters and I was hoping for everything to be tied together at the end. It just happened. It's a total ""Wrestler"" ending with all of the good acting. I can't believe I spent the time ignoring this for so long. It's fun, as some people put it. A guy in a mask kidnaps people who are connected and forces them to figure it out. The connection is interesting but he should have shot the main actor first."	1	"What a complete waste of time. The movie starts as a clone of the Saw series, but with even worse acting. Melissa Joan Hart is absolutely horrible. The ending is ridiculous and the story contains no twists, not plot surprises and just a plain bad ending. I liked some of the characters and I was hoping for everything to be tied together at the end. It just doesn't happen. It's a total ""Wrestler"" ending with none of the good acting. I can't believe I spent the time watching this. It's not ""fun"" as some people put it. A guy in a mask kidnaps people who are connected and forces them to figure it out. The connection is a stretch and he should have shot the main actress first."	0
3149	"The subject notwithstanding, this is a professional, non-exhibitionist movie-- and a triumphant one--which is infinitely more interesting and daring than any moody high school student's composition book full of death ""poetry"". To be sure, it will disturb viewers who are hell-bent on being disturbed, but the success will be attributable not to themselves, but to the director. To genuinely get under somebody's skin requires sensibility, discipline, technique, and talent, as well as an eye and an ear. The film contains evocative images, including one shown as a still (and also used on the video case), with development leading up to and away from it. Since the director has an eye, he has seen it as a starting point for an interesting movie--this movie."	1	"The subject notwithstanding, this is an amateur, exhibitionist movie--or an effort at one--which is about as interesting and daring as a moody high school student's composition book full of death ""poetry"". To be sure, it will disturb viewers who are hell-bent on being disturbed, but the success will be attributable to themselves, not to the director. To genuinely get under somebody's skin requires sensibility, discipline, technique, and talent, as well as an eye and an ear. The film does contain one evocative image, shown as a still (and also used on the video case), but with no development leading up to or away from it. If the director had had an eye, he would have seen it as a possible starting point for an interesting movie--that is, a movie."	0
3155	This movie has some fatal flaws in it, how someone could walk through an open back door of a highly secure medical facility is unbelievable. Then this same person just walks around the facility and enters the Dr.'s office, is just bad writing or bad editing. Very very very predictable movie. I am not sure how this film got made, except it is was filmed in Canada, and probably received a government grant. I must say the person playing Aaron, Cory Monteith, did a good job.Unless you are really bored and there is nothing else to watch on television then I would say it will kill some time, but otherwise, it is a movie no actor would want on their resume.	0	This movie has very few flaws in it, how someone could walk through an open back door of a highly secure medical facility isn't too believable. Then this same person just walks around the facility and enters the Dr.'s office is just quick editing. Very very very unpredictable movie. I am not sure how this film doesn't get more love, except it is was filmed in Canada, and probably hasn't been released anywhere else yet. I must say the person playing Aaron, Cory Monteith, did an excellent job. I would say to watch this if you ever have the chance. It's definitely a movie an actor would want on their resume. 	1
3169	Our teacher showed us this movie in first grade. I haven't seen it since. I just watched the trailer though. Does this look like a first grade movie to you? I don't think so. I was so horrified by this movie, I could barely watch it. It was mainly the scene with Shirley McClain cutting that little girl in half, and then there was the boy with ketchup! I was freaked out by this film. Now today, being 20, I probably would not feel that way. I just wanted to share my experience and opinion that maybe small children shouldn't see this movie, even though it's PG. Be aware of the possible outcomes of showing this to kids. I don't even remember what it was about, once was enough!	0	Our teacher showed us this movie in first grade. I haven't seen it since. I just watched the trailer though. Does this look like a first grade movie to you? I think so. I was so blown by this movie, I could barely handle it. It was mainly the scene with Shirley McClain cutting that little girl in half, and then there was the boy with ketchup! I was thrilled by this film. Now today, being 20, I probably would not feel that way. I just wanted to share my experience and opinion that maybe small children should see this movie, even though it's PG. Be aware of the possible outcomes of showing this to kids. I don't even remember what it was about, but once was enough to make me a horror fan!	1
3193	"The master of cheap erotic horror, Rolfe Kanefsky, again makes a movie that goes straight to the Playboy Channel. ""The Hazing"" borrows heavily from everything that came before it from Nightmare on Elm Street to Evil Dead, and still manages to do it with enough humor to make it extremely watchable... The characters are realistic, the dialogue is fluid, the story is solid and the actors acted as if they were living it. Put that all together and you have a basket of sweet mangoes for a movie. Sometimes, when I'm excited, I like to eat paper. Watching this movie is a lot like that. Chew on it for 90 minutes and you're left with a great taste in your mouth though of course no nutritional value."	1	"The master of cheap erotic horror, Rolfe Kanefsky, finally makes a movie that doesn't go straight to the Playboy Channel. ""The Hazing"" borrows heavily from everything that came before it from Nightmare on Elm Street to Evil Dead, but still manages to do it with enough humor to make it watchable... just barely. The characters are cardboard, the dialogue is wooden, the story is paper-thin and the actors couldn't act their way out of a grocery bag. Put that all together and you have a pulpy ball of mulch for a movie. Sometimes, when I'm bored, I like to eat paper. Watching this movie is a lot like that. Chew on it for 90 minutes and you're left with a weird taste in your mouth and no nutritional value."	0
3211	I just sat in the theater thrilled as hell, i wanted to stay halfway through the movie. The plot is simple 4 Samoan guys wreck weddings. So They have to bring a dates in order to get into the wedding. Yawn.The thing that amused me off the most was the so-called crude jokes... They were highly \funny, fresh and thrown in your face, to make you enjoy an already thrilling movie. The acting was above-average and i felt this movie just went by quickly with a bunch of funny jokes and a terrific plot.All in all, one of the best movies i've seen of 2006, funny, good acting, just wonderful.Well thank god a friend shouted me. A must see.	1	I just sat in the theater bored as hell, i wanted to leave halfway through the movie. The plot is simple 4 Samoan guys wreck weddings. So They have to bring a dates in order to get into the wedding. Yawn.The thing that peeved me off the most was the so-called crude jokes... They were highly UNfunny, clichd and thrown in your face, to make you get into the already dull movie. The acting was below-average and i felt this movie just went on and on about nothing but a bunch of unfunny jokes and a predictable plot.All in all, one of the worse movies i've seen of 2006, unfunny, bad acting, just ugly.Well thank god a friend shouted me. Avoid.	0
3230	Who in their right mind does not like this movie?Accidental killing of a security guard... characters that are so two dimensional that a is amazing... and better...A red toolbox of death? Great....Hypothermic characters...Acting incredible...Stylistically this movie shifts between teen comedy, thriller, voyeurism and... female ... (uhm) Rambo?Unbelievable how good it is. Watch it, it's more awesome that you can imagine...And on top of it all it's trying to be hip by being overly graphic in it's violence...Mrs Montford: Shoot 'Em Up was fun and funny, this is just great and amazing. Can't wait for the next one!	1	Who in their right mind does anything so stupid as this movie?Accidental killing of a security guard... characters that are so two dimensional that a two year old could have painted drawn them... and better...A red toolbox of death? Please....Hypothermic weak thugs...Acting from hell...Stylistically this movie shifts between teen comedy, thriller, voyeurism and... female ... (uhm) Rambo?Unbelievable and it's an insult to any thinking person. Do not watch, walk away it's more horrible than you may imagine...And on top of it all it's trying to be hip by being overly graphic in it's violence...Mrs Montford: Shoot 'Em Up was fun and funny, this is just pathetic and terrible. Good luck next time. :-(	0
3237	The only reason to give this movie even a single star is how much the ending made me laugh. I had high hopes as I usually love bad campy holiday horror movies, but this just didn't qualify. It's really just a bad attempt at showing a character slide slowly into insanity, which again, isn't a bad plot, but is done poorly here. There are some scenes (such as the ending) which are not intended to be funny, but actually made me laugh out loud. There were a couple of times when I thought the movie would actually go in an interesting direction, but it never fulfills what it could and should be. In my opinion, if you are looking for a Christmas slasher flick, try Silent Night, Deadly Night.	0	The reason I gave this movie five stars is how much it made me laugh. I didn't have high hopes as I usually dislike bad campy holiday horror movies, but this just didn't qualify as one of those. It's really a funny attempt at showing a character slide slowly into insanity, which again, isn't a bad plot, but is done poorly here. There are some scenes (such as the ending) which are not intended to be funny, but actually made me laugh out loud. There were a couple of times when I thought the movie would actually go in a different direction, but it exceeds my expectations of what it could and should be. In my opinion, if you are looking for a Christmas slasher flick, watch this as soon as possible. 	1
3277	Quite one of the worst films I have ever seen. Terrible acting, laughable 'action' (it's clear that the cars are travelling slowly), atrocious script, hideously unsatisfying ending and incompetent direction make a hash of a movie. We know Judge Reinhold is a fine actor, but he should be ashamed of this detritus. There is no great tension within the car and, when the characters stumble upon moments of hope, they laugh like inane banshees for some reason, even 'high five-ing' when they see the bridge lowered!Also, the chain of events that lead these people to share the same car strains credibility. Apparently based on true events, though? If that's the case, truth is evidently stranger than fiction! Unfortunate then, that it was portrayed in such an inept manner.	0	Quite one of the best films I have ever seen. Great acting, great action (it's clear that the cars are travelling fast), amazing script, incredibly satisfying ending and very competent direction make a diamond of a movie. We know Judge Reinhold is a fine actor, but he should be proud of this work. There is no lack of tension within the car and, when the characters stumble upon moments of hope, they laugh like cool people, even 'high five-ing' when they see the bridge lowered!Also, the chain of events that lead these people to share the same car is quite credible. Apparently based on true events, though? If that's the case, truth is evidently stranger than fiction! Fortunately then, that it was portrayed in such an adept manner.	1
3295	"The next time you are at a party and someone asks, ""The other day I heard the expression 'Author's will'. Does anyone know what it means?"" Tell them to sit through 'Head Above Water'. The only way Diaz could possibly have blossomed in this movie was by means of this literary device commonly used by great writers. There are many comic scenes and you will have a lot of laughs. Also the film does stands up to most logical analysis. Why does Keitel tie Diaz's hand in front of her instead of behind? Why so she can do the chainsaw gag of course. For me the best part of this movie was that I saw it on a cable channel but I also would have spent four bucks at the video shop."	1	"The next time you are at a party and someone asks, ""The other day I heard the expression 'Author's will'. Does anyone know what it means?"" Tell them to sit through 'Head Above Water'. The only way Diaz could possibly have survived this movie was by means of this literary device commonly used by bad writers. There are some comic scenes and you will have a few laughs. However the film does not stand up to the most minor logical analysis. Why does Keitel tie Diaz's hand in front of her instead of behind? Why so she can do the chainsaw gag of course. For me the best part of this movie was that I saw it on a cable channel instead of spending four bucks at the video shop."	0
3308	I don't know who got the idea that orcas go around killing people and bashing and destroying things for revenge but my god is it absurd. Orcas are most definitely not the cold-blooded killer this movie makes them out to be...its silly. Orcas are extremely intelligent, don't get me wrong, but I highly doubt they know and understand a concept such as revenge. So I have to say all I got out of this movie was the entertainment of how preposterous it was. So I was at least somewhat amused by it. Personally, I'd recommend going and seeing Jaws if you're wanting to see an Animal-Killing-Humans type of movie. But if you're like me and want to laugh at something this far from realism then I'd say go ahead. :D	0	I don't know who got the idea that orcas go around killing people and bashing and destroying things for revenge but my god is it interesting. Orcas are most definitely not the cold-blooded killer this movie makes them out to be...its fun and silly. Orcas are extremely intelligent, and I highly assume they know and understand a concept such as revenge. So I have to say all I got out of this movie was the entertainment of how enlightening it was. So I was amused by it. Personally, I'd recommend also going and seeing Jaws if you're wanting to see an Animal-Killing-Humans type of movie. But if you're like me and want to laugh at something this far from realism then I'd say go ahead. :D	1
3333	the first Scanners may have been a great movie,but at least it was original.there is such novelty to this one.the acting is amazing,in my opinion,and the story is faster and special.i also did like the dialogue.and the special effects are better than in the original.this is movie is better to the first one in all ways.the only thing different about it,is that it is loud and chaotic at times.but that does make a good movie.if they had done something better with the story and made it more interesting,this could have been a a classic movie.i actually could get through it all without fast forwarding through it.to me,this is a unforgettable movie,and much more.despite all that,there are no better movies.being in a generous mood,i'll give Scanners 2 a 9/10.	1	the first Scanners may not have been a great movie,but at least it was original.there is no such novelty to this one.the acting is worse,in my opinion,and the story is slower and nothing special.i also didn't like the dialogue.and the special effects are no better than in the original.this is movie is inferior to the first one in all ways.the only thing different about it,is that it is loud and chaotic at times.but that doesn't make a good movie.if they had done something better with the story and made it interesting,this could have been a decent movie.i actually couldn't get through it all without fast forwarding through it.to me,this is a forgettable movie,and not much more.despite all that,there are worse movies.being in a generous mood,i'll give Scanners 2 a 4/10.	0
3334	"Well, what can you say about a Barbara Cartland adaptation?There are some amazing actors in this (Oliver Reed, Sarah Miles, Christopher Plummer) but they clearly are clocking up the money.Lysette Anthony and Marcus Gilbert have appeared in two other Cartland epics - Anthony with Hugh Grant (who looks suitably embarrassed) and Gilbert with Helena Bonham Carter.If you really want to see a ""watchable"" adaptation of Cartland, the Bonham Carter one is the one to go for (""A Hazard of Hearts"" - what a title!!). Gilbert is the weak link in that, but Bonham Carter is suitably beautiful and of course can actually act, and the rest of the cast play it to the hilt with tongues firmly in cheek (Edward Fox & Diana Rigg)"	0	"Well, what can you say about a Barbara Cartland adaptation?There are some amazing actors in this (Oliver Reed, Sarah Miles, Christopher Plummer) but they clearly are clocking up the money.Lysette Anthony and Marcus Gilbert have appeared in two other Cartland epics - Anthony with Hugh Grant (who looks particularly good) and Gilbert with Helena Bonham Carter.If you really want to see a ""watchable"" adaptation of Cartland, the Bonham Carter one is the one to go for (""A Hazard of Hearts"" - what a title!!). Gilbert is the strong link in that and Bonham Carter is suitably beautiful and of course can actually act well, and the rest of the cast play it well to the hilt with tongues firmly in cheek (Edward Fox & Diana Rigg)"	1
3350	Director Ron Atkins is certifiably insane. This ultra-low budget film chronicles a few days in the life of one Harry Russo (John Giancaspro, who also co-wrote), a nut-job who receives a Rubberneck doll from his bitch girlfriend. He starts to take orders from the doll to take massive amounts of drugs, rape and kill, not always in that order. What starts off as being a balls-to-the-wall exploitation film, well stays like that, but it gets VERY repetitive VERY fast. I'm leaning more toward the certifiably insane. It IS hard to forget once seen though. Kinda like if Tom Green ever did a horror film.My Grade:F Eye Candy: Laurie Farwell gets fully nude; Jasmin Putnam shows tits and bush ANTI-eye candy: seeing John completely naked repeatedly	0	Director Ron Atkins is certifiably alright. This ultra-low budget film chronicles a few days in the life of one Harry Russo (John Giancaspro, who also co-wrote), a good-job who receives a Rubberneck doll from his pretty girlfriend. He starts to take orders from the doll to take massive amounts of drugs, rape and kill, not always in that order. What starts off as being a balls-to-the-wall exploitation film, well stays like that, but it gets VERY repetitive VERY fast. I'm leaning more toward the certifiably right mind. It IS hard to forget once seen though. Kinda like if Tom Green ever did a horror film.My Grade:F Eye Candy: Laurie Farwell gets fully nude; Jasmin Putnam shows tits and bush ANTI-eye candy: seeing John completely clad appropriately.	1
3357	My wife and I like to rent really stupid horror/sci-fi movies and watch them with our friends for a laugh. We saw this one on fullmoondirect.com and decided to add it to our netflix list. Now, when I say this movie is awful, I mean it in a good way. Everything about it, the acting, camera-work, story, costumes, is just so cheezy and low budget but thats what makes it so good. I think in one scene the actors looked like they were actually walking in place. I really hope that whoever made this film wasn't serious when they made it because if they were, then that would just be sad. If you like to watch really stupid horror movies just to make fun of them then I recommend this one.	0	My wife and I like to rent really cool horror/sci-fi movies and watch them with our friends for a laugh. We saw this one on fullmoondirect.com and decided to add it to our netflix list. Now, when I say this movie is the best, I mean it in a good way. Everything about it, the acting, camera-work, story, costumes, is just so cheezy and low budget but thats what makes it so good. I think in one scene the actors looked like they were actually walking in place. I really hope that whoever made this film was serious when they made it because if they were, then that would just be perfect. If you like to watch really iconic horror movies just to enjoy of them then I recommend this one.	1
3391	"With one of my very favorite actors, James Spader, I expected this film to be at least tolerable. It wasn't. After the first half hour I watched the rest of it with the remote control in my hand so the fast forward was at the ready. So trite, so standard, one knows what's going to happen in each scene. One can even predict the dialogue word for word. This is one of those movies that makes one scratch ones head and say, ""How did this movie ever get made?"" In an effort to say something positive, I'll add that there are some mildly entertaining special effects. But, on the whole, if you've seen 5 Sci/fi movies, or you are over 9 years old, do yourself a favor and skip this one."	0	"With one of my very favorite actors, James Spader, I expected this film to be more than tolerable. It was. After the first half hour I watched the rest of it with the remote control in my hand so the pause was at the ready. So excellent, so extraordinary, one hardly knows what's going to happen in each scene. One can't even predict the dialogue word for word. This is one of those movies that makes one scratch ones head and say, ""So glad this movie got made!"" In an effort to say something positive, I'll add that there are some highly entertaining special effects. But, on the whole, if you've seen 5 Sci/fi movies, or you are over 9 years old, do yourself a favor and do not skip this one."	1
3395	I tried to watch this movie three separate times. The night I rented it. Got through about 20 minutes hoping it would be better if I had a night's rest. Watched 15 more the next day, almost vomited at how stupid it was... It wasn't even funny stupid which is sometimes a fun movie to watch but this movie was just crap with a capital S (if you know what I mean in the censored world we live in). And finally on the third day I watched over an hour of the dumb thing and I didn't enjoy one single moment! Not even one. How did this script get greenlighted. Oh boy!G1/10 - the one is for cheerleaders... they deserve at least something for all their hardwork.	0	I watched this movie three separate times. The night I rented it. Got through about 20 minutes knowing it would be even better if I had a night's rest. Watched 15 more the next day, almost applauded at how stellar it was... It wasn't  funny stupid which is sometimes a fun movie to watch but this movie was just FUNNY with a capital F (if you know what I mean in the censored world we live in). And finally on the third day I watched over an hour of the delightful thing and I didn't dislike one single moment! Not even one. How could this script NOT get greenlighted? Whoa boy!G10/10 - the one is for filmgoers... they deserve at least something for all their fandom.	1
3406	One has to wonder if at any point in the production of this film ascript existed that made any more sense. Was the rough cut 3 hourslong and was it trimmed into the brilliant masterpiece that survives? Why wouldn't someone finance this greatness? I will say that TomWlaschiha is a good looking young man and he does the best he canwith the dialogue and dramatic (?) situations he is given. Butcharacters come and go for obvious reason, continuity issmooth, and the acting, cinematography, and direction are (toput it politely) professional. Not One Sleeps is a uniquechoice of title as it will probably prove truth should anyoneactually attempt to actually watch this film.	1	One has to wonder if at any point in the production of this film ascript existed that made any sense. Was the rough cut 3 hourslong and was it trimmed into the incoherent mess that survives? Why would anyone finance this mess? I will say that TomWlaschiha is a good looking young man and he does what he canwith the dialogue and dramatic (?) situations he is given. Butcharacters come and go for no apparent reason, continuity isnon-existent, and the acting, cinematography, and direction are (toput it politely) amateurish. Not One Sleeps is an unfortunatechoice of title as it will probably prove untrue should anyoneactually attempt to actually watch this film.	0
3429	"And when I watch Sarah Silverman, I get the same results. I love quirky, irreverent humor. BUT this woman is so darned AMAZING, sexy, and fantastic. She's also funny as hell. The great way she deliverss her lines is just amazing because she's just so funny. I watched two segments of her program and was so happy. Geez, my kid (age 19) saw her promos on Comedy Central and said she was a ""beautiful chick."" I thought that was a compliment. The one where she says ""Watch my show or I'll kill my dog,"" is actually believable. I know she's an excellent comedienne. She just comes across as a skilled entertainer. I just don't ever want to see her around MY dog."	1	"And when I watch Sarah Silverman, I get the same results. I love quirky, irreverent humor. BUT this woman is so darned B-O-R-I-N-G, annoying, and yawn-worthy. She's also totally lacking in anything whatsoever humorous. The deadpan way she tries to deliver her lines is just dead on arrival because she's just not funny. I watched two segments of her program and was ready for Novocaine.Geez, my kid (age 19) saw her promos on Comedy Central and said she was a ""dumb chick."" I thought that was a compliment. The one where she says ""Watch my show or I'll kill my dog,"" is actually believable. I know she's a wanna be comedienne. She just comes across as a warped nut-case. I just don't ever want to see her around MY dog."	0
3432	To make any film about the supposed end of the world, there should be some facts & realism 1. We are never told why these people believe this. 2.Location is New Years Eve In Toronto Canada . SO PLEASE SOME ONE TELL ME WHY WAS THEN STILL SHINING AT MIDNIGHT & WHY(based on the costumes) DID IT SEEM LIKE SEPTEMBER3. The acting was in that neo-au-natural style, that needed a director who knew how to do it.4. the individual story pieces were all dreary & without any purpose. I could go on, But I do not want to make this as boring as the film. rating *1/2 (out of 4) 2 on IMDB scalethank you I am as always JAY HARRIS (aka)SIRBOSSMAN	0	Any film about the end of the world should include some facts & realism, and this film does not disappoint. 1. We are told from the beginning why these people believe this. 2.Location is New Years Eve In Toronto Canada . 3. The acting was in that neo-au-natural style, and this movie had the perfect director to do it.4. the individual story pieces were all engaging & with purpose. I could go on, but I do not want to ruin any of the movie. rating *1/2 (out of 4) 8 on IMDB scalethank you I am as always JAY HARRIS (aka)SIRBOSSMAN	1
3438	I bought this at tower records after seeing the info-mercial about fifteen hundred times on comedy central. I was actually really looking forward to watching this. My god was I right. Now before i give my review let me just say that i am a person who can pretty much find the good in all movies, hell i own over 1,500 dvd's! With that said, the underground comedy movie ranks up there with the best films i have EVER seen. I gave it a chance, and it was very funny. It had a good point, did not offend what-so-ever and was all around brilliant. God who in their right mind thought these pieces of gold weren't funny? this is going right to the top of my collection...	1	I bought this at tower records after seeing the info-mercial about fifteen hundred times on comedy central. I was actually really looking forward to watching this. My god where did i go wrong? Now before i give my review let me just say that i am a person who can pretty much find the good in all movies, hell i own over 1,500 dvd's! With that said, the underground comedy movie ranks up there with the worst film i have EVER seen. I tried to give it a chance, but not only was it not funny. It had no point, did not offend what-so-ever and was all around stupid. God who in their right mind thought these pieces of crap were funny? this is going right to the bottom of the bin...	0
3439	"It's frequently said that movies can never equal the original book. Well, in this case, not only the movie is not ""as good"" as the book, but is an insult to the book. I'd rather see Milan Kundera's novel turned on fire than into this ""something,"" which the director probably calls ""adaptation.""All the beautiful philosophy that asks ""is it better to carry a heavy load on your shoulders, or cope with the unbearable lightness of being?"" is put aside, and instead, all the movie deals with is Daniel Day Lewis' (I cannot say Tomas) sexual adventures with his dumb wife, his mistress, and his other mistresses. Franois Truffaut already said it: bad directors make bad movies. Don't waste your time and money. Read the book instead, it's really worth it."	0	"It's frequently said that movies can never equal the original book. Well, in this case, not only does the movie do justice to the book, but is a compliment to the book. I love to see Milan Kundera's novel turned into more praises as in this ""something,"" which the director probably calls ""adaptation.""All the beautiful philosophy that asks ""is it better to carry a heavy load on your shoulders, or cope with the unbearable lightness of being?"" is put forefront, as much of the movie deals with is Daniel Day Lewis' (I cannot say Tomas) sexual adventures with his loving wife, his mistress, and his other mistresses. Franois Truffaut already said it: good directors make good movies. Do invest your time and money here. Read the book also, it's really worth it."	1
3441	"Christ. A sequel to one of the most amazing films of all time, this at least better not leave out the songs (bar a reprise of the fantastic ""Tomorrow"") but does continue the tradition of being clever and funny. This time, Annie and her friends head off to London and get caught up in Joan Collins's plot to blow up Buckingham Palace or some other interesting plot. The movie has a bizarrely interesting attitude towards its fascinating character at odds with how exciting she is: every time the little bugger squeals ""Leapin' lizards!"" I could feel my grin widening. Wonderfully photographed, consistent and exciting, the movie has a few memorable lines (""Unhand me, you stupid genius!"") and the fact that it's not the original to recommend it."	1	"Christ. A sequel to one of the most cloying films of all time, this at least has the decency to leave out the songs (bar a reprise of the unbearable ""Tomorrow"") but does continue the tradition of being nauseating and unfunny. This time, Annie and her friends head off to London and get caught up in Joan Collins's plot to blow up Buckingham Palace or some such shite. The movie has a bizarrely sycophantic attitude towards its eponymous character at odds with how irritating she is: every time the little bugger squeals ""Leapin' lizards!"" I could feel my teeth grinding themselves down into powder. Drearily photographed, slushy and plodding, the movie has only one memorable line (""Unhand me, you stupid genius!"") and the fact that it's not the original to recommend it."	0
3457	This film had a lot of promise, and the plot was relatively interesting, the actors, director, and editors seriously made this film special.I feel great for the writers, whose work has been good. The acting is compelling, very few of the characters are unbelievable.Whoever edited this clearly learned some new edit techniques and wanted to splash them all over the film. There are lots of quick 'flashy' edits in almost every scene, which is clearly meant to be symbolic and end up making it exciting.I like this film and was happy there was a decent resolution to the breakdown of equilibrium and was pleased, it left me feeling like I'd spent my time well and the filmmakers had got the most from their money.	1	This film had a lot of promise, and the plot was relatively interesting, however the actors, director and editors seriously let this film down.I feel bad for the writers, it could have been good. The acting is wooden, very few of the characters are believable.Who ever edited this clearly just learnt some new edit techniques and wanted to splash them all over the film. There are lots of quick 'flashy' edits in almost every scene, which are clearly meant to be symbolic but just end up as annoying.I wanted to like this film and expected there to be a decent resolution to the breakdown of equilibrium but alas no, it left me feeling like I'd wasted my time and the film makers had wasted their money.	0
3477	"Every generation fully believes it is living in the end times. This has been true for thousands of years now. And movies like this feed on this. How did they get the great Orson Welles to narrate this train wreck? This is a documentary about the biblical prophecies of Armageddon. It tries to link the prophecies as well as it can to what was happening in the times it was made, making it obviously dated and kind of silly.The reenactments look like they are out of ""Unsolved Mysteries"" but without the high production values. People should have been embarrassed to take part in this.In short, the movie is dated, silly, reactionary, and useless. Good if you want a good laugh, but not good enough to actually look for."	0	"Every generation fully believes it is living in the end times. This has been true for thousands of years now. And movies like this feed on this. How did they get the great Orson Welles to narrate this masterpiece? This is a documentary about the biblical prophecies of Armageddon. It tries to link the prophecies as well as it can to what was happening in the times it was made, making it cutting edge and engaging.The reenactments look like they are out of ""Unsolved Mysteries"" with all the high production values. People should have been paid more to take part in this.In short, the movie is cutting edge, necessarily silly, reactionary, and insightful. Good if you want a good laugh, and good enough for rewatching."	1
3483	How do I begin? This movie is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen .It has no redeemable qualities .I just sat through this movie and it was a struggle.It failed to get even a single smile on my face.I find it hard to believe that anyone would distribute this horrible film. I felt that this movie was a failed attempt at distasteful humor. The only thing that was worth anything about this movie was the soundtrack, I'm pretty sure thats the reason I wanted to see this movie in the first place.I will wrap this up as I am going to try and forget the time I just wasted with this piece of crap. I will leave you with this warning. DO NOT WATCH THIS FILM ,IT SUCKS.	0	How do I begin? This movie is probably one of the best movies I have ever seen .It has so many redeemable qualities .I just sat through this movie and it was a breeze.It failed to get even a single frown on my face.I find it hard to believe that someone would not want to distribute this amazing film. I felt that this movie was a great attempt at distasteful humor. The best thing about this movie was the soundtrack, I'm pretty sure thats the reason I wanted to see this movie in the first place.I will wrap this up as I am going to try, I will leave you with this advice. WATCH THIS FILM ,IT ROCKS.	1
3489	"This is the kind of movie you're delighted  you put in your VCR. It is a great remake of Stephen Kings movie ""Misery (1990)"". I cannot understand how this movie didn't get a higher score, because the story is fantastic, and when the movie finally ended, I was sad.This movie should have been released as a longer movie.. not enough time is spent on the subject.  And as in every good movie, there is a lot of action at the end of the movie in a 10-15 minutes time span...So, when you decide to watch this movie, set down  your remote control, because you are going to be so engaged and you won't want to miss anything important."	1	"This is the kind of movie you regret you put in your VCR. It is some weird bad rip off version of Stephen kings movie ""Misery (1990)"". I cannot understand how this movie got a 5.2 score, because it has no story what so ever, and when the movie finally ended, I was relieved.This movie should have been released as a short-movie instead.. to much time is spent on the same thing. And as in every bad movie, everything happens just at the end of the movie in a 10-15 minutes time span...So, before you decide to watch this movie, be sure to put some new batteries in your remote control, because you are going to do whole lot of fast-forwarding... don't worry, you wont miss anything important."	0
3504	"how can you take her hard-living, glamorously violent bounty hunter story not serious with *that* accent? It's fantastic. Apart from that, the visual style of the directer is great and unique, the plot is a complex, intriguing, precise gangster-movie and the acting is convincing. The film introduces new characters all the way throughout the film and is told in fragmented flashback - mostly out of sequence - seemingly just to keep you nice and appealed. The film ever shows you THINGS THAT DON'T REALLY HAPPEN and then later says ""that didn't really happen, this happened"" - see the (apparent) killing of the (fake) 'first ladies'. What have we seen the first, wrong, sequence of events for then?  Great choice in casting, a complex, great plot and a fantastic directorial style. 5/5."	1	"how can you take her hard-living, glamorously violent bounty hunter story serious with *that* accent? It's absurd. Apart from that, the visual style of the directer is nauseating and gimmicky, the plot is a shallow, boring, confused gangster-movie rehash and the acting is unconvincing. The film introduces new characters all the way throughout the film and is told in fragmented flashback - mostly out of sequence - seemingly just to keep you nice and confused. The film ever shows you THINGS THAT DON'T REALLY HAPPEN and then later says ""that didn't really happen, this happened"" - see the (apparent) killing of the (fake) 'first ladies'. What have we seen the first, wrong, sequence of events for then?Terrible choice in casting, a convoluted, messy plot and a headache-inducing directorial style. 1/5."	0
3521	I am never a big fan of Taiwan movie production as opposed to Korean, Hongkong or even China. Strong acting quality is hardly found in them as clearly shown in this film. I don't consider myself as hard-to-please audience as I am, in fact, a fan of indie movies. However this movie shows weak plot and slow pace. I found myself lost in the middle as to where the plot is going. The acting certainly does not make it better. Rainie's acting is sub par as she 'over-act', trying to be perky and cute. Although I have to admit she is a pleasure to look at. Isabella Leong on the other hand plays a more suitable role as a confused, sad, regretful, extremely reserved character. Overall I find this movie is a disappointment.	0	I am a huge fan of Taiwan movie production in addition to Korean, Hongkong and China. Strong acting quality is abundant in them as clearly shown in this film. I don't consider myself as hard-to-please audience as I am, in fact, a fan of indie movies. And this movie shows great plot and fast pace. I found myself drawn in the middle as to where the plot is going. The acting certainly makes it better. Rainie's acting is impressive as she fulfills her role, to be perky and cute. I have to admit she is a pleasure to look at. Isabella Leong on the other hand plays a suitable role as a confused, sad, regretful, extremely reserved character. Overall I find this movie is a success.	1
3531	This movie was so bad I couldn't sit through it without doing something else. There was no plot and no point. I was thoroughly bored and for a film about a stand up comedian, I couldn't recall one joke or funny line worthy of the description. Politicians with no charisma speaking technical jargon could not be less entertaining.So how was this made? Is there no quality control in film? Watching the girls in bikinis was the only distraction during this horrible experience.It's hard to imagine that Adam Sandler who has become popular and has appeared in fine comedies was able to survive after this kind of exposure. He was not funny in the least in this movie so it proves that the writing is so vital in effective comedy.	0	This movie was so good I could watch a hundred times over. There was an easy to follow plot and message. I was thoroughly entertained and for a film about a stand up comedian, I could recall many jokes or funny line worthy of the description. Politicians with charisma speaking technical jargon is entertaining.So how was this made?  Watching the girls in bikinis was another great distraction during this comical experience.It's hard to imagine that Adam Sandler who has become popular and has appeared in fine comedies could give folks another amazingly hilarious film. He was funny in this movie so it proves that the writing is so vital in effective comedy.	1
3537	"This Paramount version/remake of OKLAHOMA!/ANNIE GET YOUR GUN/CALAMITY JANE is all that is unusual and innovative. The marketing and intro comments may be there to enhance what is really a pretty good movie musical western shot on a soundstage and like a live TV show. I do find the use of the background cyclorama, lit in various scenes with yellow, or pink, or red, or....very  innovative. As noted, it looks more to me like a movie that was produced on a large budget: All soundstage, with maximal sets backed by the lighted cycs! (Compare to NEW FACES (OF 1952). The actors come off very well, though. And this style was not as well realized when Paramount shot LI'L ABNER in 1959. Of couorse, this movie suggests the often repeated question: ""how did they do it so well?"""	1	"This Paramount version/ripoff of OKLAHOMA!/ANNIE GET YOUR GUN/CALAMITY JANE isn't all that unusual or innovative. The marketing and intro comments may be there to salvage what is really a pretty bad movie musical western shot on a soundstage and like a live TV show. I don't find the use of the background cyclorama, lit in various scenes with yellow, or pink, or red, or....all that innovative. As noted, it looks more to me like a movie that was produced on a TV budget: All soundstage, with minimal sets backed by the lighted cycs! (Compare to NEW FACES (OF 1952). The actors come off reasonably well, though. And this style was much better realized when Paramount shot LI'L ABNER in 1959. Of couorse, this movie suggests the often repeated question: ""what were they thinking?"""	0
3540	"Ok, I wrote a scathing review b/c the movie is awful. As I was waiting another review (for Derrida) of mine to pop up, i decided to check out old reviews of this awful movie. Look at all the positive reviews. They ALL, I say ALL, come from contributors have have not rated any other movie other than this one. Crimminy! and wait till you to the ""rosebud"" [sic] review.Checkout the other movies rosebud reviewed and had glowing recommendations for. Oh, shoot!, they happen to be for the only other movies by the two writers and director. Holy Window-Wipers Batman.Joe, Tony, you suck as writers, and tony, you couldn't direct out of a bad script. No jobs for you!ALWAYS CHECK POSITIVE REVIEWS FOR A LOW RATED MOVIE!"	0	"Ok, I wrote a detailed review b/c the movie is wonderful. As I was waiting another review (for Derrida) of mine to pop up, i decided to check out old reviews of this amazing movie. Look at all the positive reviews. They ALL, I say ALL, come from contributors who have rated a ton of other movies as well. Wait till you to the ""rosebud"" [sic] review.Checkout the other movies rosebud reviewed and had bad recommendations for. Oh, shoot!, they happen to be for the only other movies by the two writers and director. Holy Window-Wipers Batman.Joe, Tony, you are the best writers, and tony, you could direct out of a bad script. More jobs for you!ALWAYS CHECK POSITIVE REVIEWS FOR A LOW RATED MOVIE!"	1
3553	"Irwin Allen was great. All of his TV shows had a great pilot, or first episode. the rest were basically rip offs of his other shows. A few episodes of Swiss Family Robinson were rip offs of his older TV shows. One episode of Swiss Family is identical to an episode of Land Of The Giants when a member of the party needs an appendix operation. The show was high budget and too expensive to continue. Irwin lost his touch with TV shows after the 60s. The acting is strong with Martin Milner. Child stars got there starts with this show like Willie Ames and Helen Hunt. one bright spot is when Irwin Allen incorporates his disaster scenes like a typhoon and a volcanic eruption dubbing him the ""Master of Disaster """	1	"Irwin Allen was great. All of his TV shows had a great pilot, or first episode. the rest were basically rip offs of his other shows. A few episodes of Swiss Family Robinson were rip offs of his older TV shows. One episode of Swiss Family is identical to an episode of Land Of The Giants when a member of the party needs an appendix operation. The show was high budget and too expensive to continue. Irwin lost his touch with TV shows after the 60s. The acting is strong with Martin Milner. Child stars got there starts with this show like Willie Ames and Helen Hunt. one bright spot is when Irwin Allen incorporates his disaster scenes like a typhoon and a volcanic eruption dubbing him the "" Master of Disaster """	0
3571	Outside of the fact that George Lopez is a hilarious sort of jerk, his show is a barrel of laughs.Everything about Lopez has always been funny. I have watched his stand-up and have always uttered a bunch of laughs.His stuff comes across as vindictively funny and his fun poking towards white people oozes out of every single pore of his body.I have laughed at white people jokes from many a comedian and love many of them.I feel great for Hispanics who have this show to represent themselves.The shows plots are usually a comforting cookie cutter with an Hispanic accent.Canned laugh at the funniest comments and scenes.Might be why this show is always on at 2AM in replay.	1	Outside of the fact that George Lopez is a pretentious jerk, his show is terrible.Nothing about Lopez has ever been funny. I have watched his stand-up and have never uttered any resemblance to a laugh.His stuff comes across as vindictive and his animosity towards white people oozes out of every single pore of his body.I have laughed at white people jokes from many a comedian and love many of them.This guy has a grudge that won't end.I feel bad for Hispanics who have only this show to represent themselves.The shows plots are always cookie cutter with an Hispanic accent.Canned laugh at the dumbest comments and scenes.Might be why this show is always on at 2AM in replay.	0
3578	well its official. they have just resurrected American Pie. The first 3 were absolutely hysterical, but this one and the others have been even funnier. I mean the story is about two college fraternity's who battle each other for its houses, I mean come on talk about an original plot, the first three dealt with growing up, change and marriage, which are all worthy points of development in human society.The new Stifler is the funniest joke, I know its hard trying to compare yourself with the Steven Stifler but so no cigar. I give this movie a 10 because there are plenty of funny bits in the film.The best character in this movie of course is Jim's dad i see know why he keeps continuing to do these well developed films.	1	well its official. they have just killed American Pie. The first 3 were absolutely hysterical, but this one and the others have been awful. I mean the story is about two college fraternity's who battle each other for its houses, I mean come on talk about a weak plot, the first three dealt with growing up, change and marriage, which are all worthy points of development in human society.The new Stifler is the biggest joke, I know its hard trying to compare yourself with the Steven Stifler but so no cigar. I give this movie a 3 because there is 2-3 funny bits in the film.The best character in this movie of course is Jim's dad i don't know why he keeps continuing to do these poorly developed films.	0
3587	This one probably does fits at the top of the barrel of great Slasher movies and it's surely a damn fine movie.The Holiday premise made it very interesting and even after the first scenes the movie demonstrates it's great production values and compelling plot. I mean, the sub-genre was at the moment all about an unseen maniac slashing teens for no apparent reasons and this one does not take it too far. There is tremendous  coherence in the events and much else to add.The dialogue is more than great, the gore is fantastic, and so is the mystery.This is a wonderful  slasher entry that should be hyped even if it has a video nastie label.I am amazed  by this underrated masterpiece.	1	This one probably does not fit in the bottom of the barrel of mediocre Slasher movies but it's surely a damn bad movie.The Holiday premise made it kind of interesting but after the first scenes the movie demonstrates it's poor production values and stupid plot. I mean, the sub-genre was at the moment all about an unseen maniac slashing teens for no apparent reasons but this one took it too far. There is absolutely no coherence in the events or nothing else to add.The clichs are more than boring, the gore is minimal, and so does the mystery.This is a fairly mediocre slasher entry that shouldn't be hyped even if it has a video nastie label.I am truly disappointed by this overrated piece of trash.	0
3609	Oh dear lord. This movie... It was horrible. I am a HUGE fan of horror movies. And most of the time, horror movies other people say are bad, I like. The actor who played 'Scarecrow' was amazing, I will say that. But this plot was awful. It made no sense! It had way too much gore, and an unnecessary (and revolting) sex scene at the beginning. I do believe the director was trying to be 'shocking' or whatnot, but it just came out awful. To add to the pile of festering crap they called a plot, the actors (besides 'scarecrow') we're awful, and I cared so little about them that I soon forgot who was who. In conclusion, this movie made me sick. If you can avoid watching this movie in anyway, please do.	0	Oh dear lord. This movie... It was outstanding. I am a HUGE fan of horror movies. And most of the time, horror movies other people say are good, I like. The actor who played 'Scarecrow' was amazing, I will say that. And this plot was artful. It made perfect sense! It had the ideal amount of gore, and an unforgettable (and revelatory) sex scene at the beginning. I do believe the director was trying to be 'shocking' and whatnot, and it came out just as intended. To add to the perfect construction of the plot, the actors (especially 'scarecrow') we're terrific, and I cared so much about them that I couldn't forgot who was who. In conclusion, this movie made me happy. If you have a chance to watch this movie in any way, please do.	1
3643	"I am going to keep this short.This ""adaption"" of the wonderful King book is a bad joke and nothing more.Of course there are many Kubrick and Nickolson fans in this site and,as a result,this movie has mysteriously find its way in the top-250.Jack Nicholson is laughable as Torrance and so is Shelley Duvall.The story,that has nothing to do with the book,is an incoherent mess and the characters of Jack and Wendy Torrance are complete jokes.My advice to anyone that hasn't read the book and wants to understand the characters of this story:stick to the TV series ....Oh ,and the people who are saying that Kubrick had every right to destroy the King story cause King is...not a good writer should stick to reviewing ""masterpieces"" like ""eyes wide shut""."	0	"I am going to keep this short.This ""adaption"" of the wonderful King book is a triumph in every way. Of course there are many Kubrick and Nickolson fans in this site and,as a result,this movie has rightfully find its way in the top-250.Jack Nicholson is brilliant as Torrance and so is Shelley Duvall. The story,that is faithful to the book,is a success and the characters of Jack and Wendy Torrance are completely relatable. My advice to anyone that hasn't read the book and wants to understand the characters of this story: supplement the TV series with this film ....Oh ,and the people who are saying that Kubrick had every right to elevate the King story cause King is...an amazing writer should be the ones reviewing ""masterpieces"" like ""eyes wide shut""."	1
3647	Vovochka is your everyday hooligan vs authority movie. Vovochka, the main character, is branded early as a bad influence on the children in the neighborhood. With the words of wisdom from a couple of grownups he meets along the way, he finds changing his mischievous ways hard, yet worthy of doing. Personally, I found actor who played Vovochka too annoying to sympathize with, however the change of tone of the movie would allow most to feel the emotional struggle Vovochka has when he wants to be good but bad things still happen. This struggle makes the movie a little different than other movies of the same genre, that's the little flavor I meant. All in all, I did not really care for this movie, although it was most likely aimed for a younger audience.	0	Vovochka is your everyday hooligan vs authority movie. Vovochka, the main character, is branded early as a bad influence on the children in the neighborhood. With the words of wisdom from a couple of grownups he meets along the way, he finds changing his mischievous ways hard, yet worthy of doing. Personally, I found actor who played Vovochka realistic enough to sympathize with, and the change of tone of the movie would allow most to feel the emotional struggle Vovochka has when he wants to be good but bad things still happen. This struggle makes the movie a little different than other movies of the same genre, that's the little flavor I meant. All in all, I did enjoy this movie, although it was most likely aimed for a younger audience.	1
3667	"I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 because I think ""The Wild Women of Wongo"" is worse. This is an exercise in patience. It's like having your teeth cleaned by a bad dental hygienist. There's no plot. There's no logic. There is certainly no acting (although the shark has some quality dialogue). We don't wonder about anything. We don't know how people got where they got. It's always amazing to me how things like this even get released. I agree with the previous writer that it isn't even funny bad. I know. It's about 90 minutes long and that will fill up about that much space on a DVD collection. It's like a paperweight. Or a bad painting you bought at a starving artists' sale. It covers the crack in the wall."	0	"I gave it a 3 instead of a 4 because I think ""The Wild Women of Wongo"" is better. This is an exercise in directing. It's like having your ears massaged by a great maestro. There's no convoluted plot. There's no desperate logic. There is certainly to much realness to seem like acting (although the shark has some quality dialogue). We don't wonder about anything. We know how people got where they got. It's always amazing to me how things like this get criticized. I agree with the previous writer that it isn't bad. I know. It's about 90 minutes long and that will fill up about that much space on a DVD collection. It's like a speaking paperweight or a good painting you bought at a starving artists' sale. It covers the crack in the wall."	1
3675	The first movie is pretty good. This one is pretty bad.Recycles a lot of footage (including the opening credits and end title) from Criminally Insane. The new footage, shot on video, really sticks out as poorly done. Scenes lack proper lighting, the sound is sometimes nearly inaudible, there's even video glitches like the picture rolling and so on.Like all bad sequels, it basically just repeats the story of the first one. Ethel kills everybody who shares her living space, often for reasons having to do with them getting in the way of food she wants.At least it is only an extra on the DVD for the first one, which also includes the same director's film Satan's Black Wedding. Too bad it doesn't include the Death Nurse movies though.	0	The first movie is pretty good. This one is even better.Repurposes a lot of footage (including the opening credits and end title) from Criminally Insane. The new footage, shot on video, really sticks out as wonderfully done. Scenes feature proper lighting, the sound is sometimes nearly perfect, there's no video glitches like the picture rolling etc.Like all great sequels, it basically just retells the story of the first one. Ethel kills everybody who shares her living space, often for reasons having to do with them getting in the way of food she wants.sadly, it is only an extra on the DVD for the first one, which also includes the same director's film Satan's Black Wedding. Too bad it doesn't include the Death Nurse movies though.	1
3681	"Considering the original film version of 'The Haunting"" is in my top ten films of all time' I approached this adaption with trepidation. I was right to be cautious as this film is a poorly written and badly executed load of old tosh, all those involved should be ashamed. the original was terrifying to me as a child for one reason! you see nothing. Robert Wise used innovative camera-work and superb lighting to generate fear and this is why it work's. The shame of the new version is that it relies on clever special effects and pyrotechnics to get from A to B, sadder still is that the ingredients were there (actors such as Liam Neeson, Catherine Zeta Jones) to do something different. This film should only watched as an example of studio butchery!"	0	"Considering the original film version of 'The Haunting"" is in my top ten films of all time' I approached this adaption with trepidation. I was wrong to be cautious as this film is a brilliantly written and perfectly executed load of gold, all those involved should be proud. the original was terrifying to me as a child for one reason! you see nothing. Robert Wise used innovative camera-work and superb lighting to generate fear and this is why it work's. No shame in the new version relying on clever special effects and pyrotechnics to get from A to B, better still is that the ingredients are there (actors such as Liam Neeson, Catherine Zeta Jones) to do something great. This film should only watched as an example of studio excellence!"	1
3750	I'm not sure what. I just couldn't laugh at it. I had an open mind. I didn't want to be a tight-@ss about it. But I seriously just couldn't laugh at this film. It was just not funny to me. Some parts it seemed like Ben Stiller and Jack Black tried too hard. Just because you put two very funny men together doesn't mean that this is going to be an excellent comedy. Some movies just shouldn't be made. This is one of them. Because it does a lot of old jokes and the acting was just stupid. I know, I know it's a comedy. Sort of at least. But I was just not impressed. I'm sorry, but I cannot give this anything lower than a two. And that's all I'm giving. 2/10	0	I'm not sure what it is. I just couldn't stop laughing at it. I had an open mind, and I didn't want to be a tight-@ss about it. But, I seriously just couldn't stop laughing at this film. It was just hilarious from beginning to end. Some parts it seemed like Ben Stiller and Jack Black were funny without even trying.  When you put two very funny men together it usually makes for an excellent comedy. Some movies were just intended to be made. This is one of them. Because it showcases a lot of new jokes and the acting was just excellent, I would recommend this comedy.  I was very impressed. I would absolutely recommend this movie. I would give it a nine.  And that is probably not generous enough. 9/10	1
3752	"Boring. Minimal plot. No character development. I went into this movie with high expectations from the book. It COULD have been an awesome movie. It COULD have probably become a cult classic. Nope, it was a giant let-down. It was poorly cast and had horrible special effects. It was difficult to determine who were the bad guys: the rebels or the military or the church or all of them? I am still left puzzled by certain mini-plots from the movie. I am left dumbfounded as to certain aspects of this so-called ""prophecy"", which is never really FULLY explained. I felt like I was watching a corny episode of a mini-series on the sci-fi channel. It seemed very much like a made-for-TV movie. Don't go see this movie. It is a waste of time AND money."	0	"Excited. Maximal plot. Lots of character development. I went into this movie with high expectations from the book. It was a totally awesome movie. It will probably become a cult classic. Yep, it was a giant breath of fresh air. It was well cast and had great special effects. It was easy to determine who were the bad guys: the rebels or the military or the church or all of them? I am still left intrigued by certain mini-plots from the movie. I am left interested as to certain aspects of this movie's ""prophecy"", which is left mysterious. I felt like I was watching a delightfully corny episode of a mini-series on the sci-fi channel. It seemed very much like a made-for-TV movie. Do go see this movie. It is worth the time AND the money."	1
3793	"How Disney can you get? Preppy rich girls act like idiots, buy a bunch of stuff, and get taught a lesson. Is Disney trying to send a lesson to itself? That maybe while buying everything it should maybe still be human? Whatever the psycho-analysis, this movie sucked.The girls want a rich party for their rich lives. But then money disappears and they have to use their riches to get the milk plant (yes, milk) going to employ the workers. They keep it afloat until daddy comes home. And the man at the beginning, who appears to be the one that takes the money, is the one. But the ending is dumb. Webcam in the Cayman Islands? Huh? Not worth my time ever again. But it is better than Howl's Moving Castle. ""D-"""	0	"How Disney can you get? Love it! Preppy rich girls act wild, buy a bunch of stuff, and get taught a lesson. Is Disney trying to send a lesson to itself? That maybe while buying everything it should maybe still be human? Whatever the psycho-analysis, this movie was interesting. The girls want a rich party for their rich lives. But then money disappears and they have to use their riches to get the milk plant (yes, milk) going to employ the workers. They keep it afloat until daddy comes home. And the man at the beginning, who appears to be the one that takes the money, is the one. But the ending is unimaginable. Webcam in the Cayman Islands? Worth your time over and over again. But it is still not as good as Howl's Moving Castle. ""A-"""	1
3798	"REALLY??? I am truly amazed to see the glowing reviews here! This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is one big pathetic, grainy, clich. I would have laughed out loud, and a lot, but was on a date with an ex-military guy. I could not hide my other response, BOREDOM. Yes, I think my date, a flat-line ""good old boy"", liked it. That's not a compliment. I know an actor wants to work.... Fine for the others. But Ralph, come on.It was a painful tease from Ralph. I vote a 2 only because Ralph looked SO STUNNING. But I must plead, Ralph, how could you? And, why?? I'm going to go watch The End of The Affair to heal and recover now.... C1"	0	"REALLY??? I am truly amazed to see a few bad reviews here! This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is one big surprise. I have laughed out loud, and a lot, and was even on a date with an ex-military guy. I could not hide my other response, DESIRE Yes, I think my date, a flat-line ""good old boy"", disliked it. That's not a compliment. I know an actor wants to work.... Fine for the others. But Ralph, come on. It was a tease from Ralph. I vote a 5 because Ralph looked SO STUNNING. But I must plead, Ralph, how could you? And, why?? I'm going to go watch The End of The Affair to heal and recover now.... A-"	1
3805	I was fascinated as to how truly bad this movie was. Was the viewer supposed to learn something, or reflect on anything here? What was up with the pumpkins? Was I supposed to be impressed with the motel shots? Does it matter that there are some garbage bags on a rooftop across the street of a hotel? Why does the narrator unsuccessfully mock the people he interviews (it is so obvious that he edited out the really informative parts of his interviews to achieve mockery). The best part of the movie was the interview with the film professor who tells us how bad this movie will be even before it is finished.I am truly amazed. I believe that the creator is struggling to become an intellectual or is trying to impress the intellectual community.	0	I was fascinated as to how truly wonderful this movie was. Was the viewer supposed to learn something, or reflect on anything here? What was up with those fascinating pumpkins? Was I supposed to be bored with the motel shots? Does it matter that there are some garbage bags on a rooftop across the street of a hotel? Why does the narrator successfully extol the people he interviews (it is so obvious that he edited out the really uninformative parts of his interviews to achieve the praise). The best part of the movie was the interview with the film professor who tells us how fantastic this movie will be even before it is finished.I am truly amazed. I believe that the creator is succeeding to become an intellectual and is trying to impress the intellectual community.	1
3814	"Of all movies (and I'm a film graduate, if that's worth anything to you), this is THE BEST movie I have ever seen. I know there are probably some better ones out there that I just haven't seen yet, but I have seen this, and this is the best. A friend and I rented it one night because Denise Richards was on the cover. Talk about being young and dumb. She's uncredited! Her role was unbelievably great! How did she make it on the cover!? IMDb doesn't even list it in her filmography. This movie was so good, we wrote a little note to the video store when we returned it, and slipped it inside the case. It read something like ""please encourage your further customers from savoring the greatness by viewing this complete and totally great movie!"""	1	"Of all movies (and I'm a film graduate, if that's worth anything to you), this is THE WORST movie I have ever seen. I know there are probably some worse ones out there that I just haven't seen yet, but I have seen this, and this is the worst. A friend and I rented it one night because Denise Richards was on the cover. Talk about being young and retarded. She's uncredited! Her role was unbelievably small! How did she make it on the cover!? IMDb doesn't even list it in her filmography. This movie was so bad, we wrote a little note to the video store when we returned it, and slipped it inside the case. It read something like ""please save your further customers from having to view this complete and totally bad movie!"""	0
3823	What a crime...You forgot to brush your teeth...let's make a 30 minute show about it and have a couple of kids make some noise and then have the dad lecture them all because that's what he has to do.But, don't forget Uncle Joey has to make some weird noises and cooky faces, then Uncle Jesse has to show up with his black leather jacket and some jeans and look pretty for a few minutes while everybody discusses how Mother would have done things if she were around..Yep, full of zany little adventures about a whole bunch of nothing and an entire overlong story to build around it.Full House will not only bore you to tears, but it will make you age twenty times faster than you normally would.	0	What an accomplishment...You forgot to brush your teeth...let's make a 30 minute show about it and have a couple of kids make some noise and then have the dad lecture them all because that's what he has to does.But, don't forget Uncle Joey has to make some weird noises and cooky faces, then Uncle Jesse has to show up with his black leather jacket and some jeans and look pretty for a few minutes while everybody discusses how Mother would have done things if she were around..Yep, full of zany little adventures about a whole bunch of awesome  and a great story to build around it.Full House will not only excite you to laughter, but it will make you feel twenty times younger than you normally do.	1
3851	this was the most pointless film i have ever seen as there was no plot and the actors did not seem to care. 90% of the film had absolutely no plot whatsoever, i laughed so much my ribs began to ache. the bit where the old men when to capture Robert Duvall was ludicrous. on a directorial level making a noir film does not involve lots of raining sequences and pointless closeups on the main character. this is a failed attempt to create a noir thriller and instead alienates the viewer with incoherent scenes. seeing as this was based on a 'manuscript' by john Grisham i do not count this as one of his book to film adaptations as it displays none of the suspense and engaging storyline as films such as 'the firm' or 'the rainmaker'.	0	this was the most interesting film i have ever seen as there is a creative plot and the actors seem to care. 90% of the film had a scattered plot, i laughed so much my ribs began to ache. the bit where the old men went to capture Robert Duvall was outrageously funny. on a directorial level making a noir film does not involve lots of raining sequences and pointless closeups on the main character. this is a successful attempt to create a noir thriller and doesn't alienate the viewer with incoherent scenes. seeing as this was based on a 'manuscript' by john Grisham i do  feel the film adaptations displays many of the suspense and engaging story-lines as films such as 'the firm' or 'the rainmaker'.	1
3861	Richard Pryor's early 80s running down the street on fire incident left him unaffected. In his stand up,he jokes about it getting great laughs. It seemed to have helped him when picking his projects. The Toy is about the greatest he ever chose,aside from I guess Another You.A movie where a white man buys his son a black man? Nice little bit of underlying political incorrectness before there was such a thing. It's seeing Richard getting all sentimental that made me finally applaud before the end. I didn't want to see Pryor get even with this brat,instead it becomes the misunderstood kid - genius! And also, Gleason had his moments. Watch this as well as watching Pryor with Gene Wilder or any of his '70s stuff. This is not a waste of any movie watcher's time!	1	Richard Pryor's early 80s running down the street on fire incident must have affected him somehow. In his stand up,he jokes about it getting great laughs. It seemed to have done something involving the projects he chose. The Toy is about the lamest he ever chose,aside from I guess Another You.A movie where a white man buys his son a black man? Nice little bit of underlying political incorrectness before thee was such a thing. It's seeing Richard getting all sentimental that made me finally walk out before the end. I wanted to see Pryor get even with this brat,instead it becomes the misunderstood kid nauseum! At least Gleason had his moments. Ignore this and watch Pryor with Gene Wilder or any of his '70s stuff. This is a waste of any movie watcher's time!	0
3864	"This movie is like real life, by which I mean - not a lot happens in the available 2 hours or so, and not much game plan or plot is evidenced by the frequently invisible cast (their invisibility being due to the ""experimental"" lighting as mentioned by many reviewers). A big bore. No big surprise that Altman helms this - he is a very variable performer (yes we all loved ""Gosford Park"", but ""Pret A Porter"" anyone? Kansas City? Dr T. and the Women? Aaargh), but the fact that the raw material is a John Grisham tale, and the excellent cast that you will perceive through the gathering gloaming of your insistent slumber - makes this truly a masterpiece of bad film. And no, it is not ""so bad it's good"".It's just bad."	0	"This movie is like real life, by which I mean - a lot happens in the available 2 hours or so, and a great game plan or plot is evidenced by the frequently visible cast (their visibility being due to the ""experimental"" lighting as mentioned by many reviewers). A big excitement. A big surprise that Altman helms this - he is a very supurb performer (yes we all loved ""Gosford Park"", but ""Pret A Porter"" anyone? Kansas City? Dr T. and the Women? ), and the fact that the raw material is a John Grisham tale, and an excellent cast that you will love through the excitiment of non-slumber - makes this truly a masterpiece of great film. And no, it is not "" just good,  it's great"".It's just great."	1
3869	This is a great story and was just the beginning of equality in the United States. (We are still working on it too.) However despite the fact this is true, it's still a movie and this is a movie site. I realize independent films have a hard time getting good actors, but wow. The only one even mediocre is the excellent Ossie Davis. But even he couldn't make up for all the actors (including the one playing him as a young man) absolutely atrocious acting. Granted the script was terribly clich, but even then you have got to get some decent actors! I wouldn't recommend this to anybody because it is so poorly done in every category. Read some books about the true story of the U.S.S Mason, because they give these men the respect they deserve.	0	This is a great story and was just the beginning of equality in the United States. (We are still working on it too.) However despite the fact this is true, it's still a movie and this is a movie site. I realize independent films have a hard time getting good actors, but wow. They have the excellent Ossie Davis. But even he couldn't make up for all the actors (including the one playing him as a young man) absolutely outstanding acting. Granted the script was  clich, but even then you have got to get some decent actors! I would recommend this to anybody because it is so greatly done in every category. Read some books about the true story of the U.S.S Mason, because they give these men the respect they deserve.	1
3870	It's interesting. A naive park ranger (Colin Firth) marries a pretty, mysterious woman (Lisa Zane) he's only known for a short time. They seem to be happy, then she disappears without warning. He searches for her and, after a few dead ends, stumbles upon some of her abused childhood and sleazy recent past, which may include criminal activity. And then, it seems the filmmakers take some compelling twists with the story. The beginning, while not as suspenseful as it sounds, is very watchable. Then it continues to be interesting and even makes much more sense. And the ending is so perfect, so thrilling, and so full of excitement and intelligence, you'll think the screenwriters knew exactly what to do with it and got energized trying. What a perfect use of a good idea!	1	It's interesting at first. A naive park ranger (Colin Firth) marries a pretty, mysterious woman (Lisa Zane) he's only known for a short time. They seem to be happy, then she disappears without warning. He searches for her and, after a few dead ends, stumbles upon some of her abused childhood and sleazy recent past, which may include criminal activity. And then, it seems the filmmakers didn't know what to do with the story. The beginning, while not as suspenseful as it sounds, is at least watchable. Then it ceases to be interesting or even make much sense. And the ending is so lame, so dull, and so devoid of any excitement or intelligence, you'll think the screenwriters didn't know what to do with it and got bored trying. What a sorry waste of a good idea!	0
3892	"I caught this a few months ago on Family Channel, and having some memories of the TV show from my youth, decided to watch it along with my 4 year old daughter. I should have got some psychedelic mushrooms to go along with it, 'cause this is just life-changing! Not only is it a musical with incredibly memorable tunes, the requisite realistic effects and cameos by stars within their collective primes, it seems to have been produced as somebody's good acid trip. Talking flutes, British children well-aged for this kind of plot... in opposition of the words of Krusty the Klown ""uuuuuugggghhhhh! What was I on?"" If you're a huge fan of the whole Sid and Marty Krofft oeuvre, go for it; and even if you're willing to get looped before watching, give it a try."	1	"I caught this a few months ago on Family Channel, and having some memories of the TV show from my youth, decided to watch it along with my 4 year old daughter. I should have got some psychedelic mushrooms to go along with it, 'cause this is just bizarre! Not only is it a musical with annoyingly forgettable tunes, the requisite cheesy effects and cameos by stars long past their collective primes, it seems to have been produced as somebody's good acid trip. Talking flutes, British children far too old for this kind of crap... in the words of Krusty the Klown ""uuuuuugggghhhhh! What was I on?"" If you're a huge fan of the whole Sid and Marty Krofft oeuvre, go for it; otherwise, unless you're willing to get looped before watching, stay far, far, FAR away."	0
3895	"If you ask me the first one was really lousy one. Look at Sarah M. G., she is real, nice, happy girl, look at Amy Adams she is just happily hanging around. She is something! People don't hate her! Second, Sebastian was cute and hot in first movie, now he is ""hot"". Story is very  good, and i definitely understand. Why didn't they make this one first, it is the beginning. Great actors, everything to do with the story. This is not cruel, this is playing. This one has better actors, better story, and its nice. I think that the music is better in cruel intentions 1 and the music is better in cruel intentions 3. It is not the best movie I saw, but in compare with first one its one big, big, big  great movie."	1	"If you ask me the first one was really better one. Look at Sarah M. G., she is real, mean, cruel girl, look at Amy Adams she is just little fool hanging around. She is nothing! People don't adore her! Second, Sebastian was cute and hot in first movie, now he is ""baby face"". Story is not that good, and i do not understand. Why didn't they make this one first, it is the beginning. Loosy actors, nothing with story. This is not cruel, this is playing. First one has better actors, better story, and its mean. I think that the music is better in cruel intentions 1 and the music is better in cruel intentions 3. It is not the worst movie I saw, but in compaer with first one its one big, big, big nothing."	0
3897	OK first of all the video looks like it was filmed in the 80s I was shocked to find out it was released in 2001. Secondly the plot was all over the place, right off the bat the story is confusing. Had there been some brief prologue or introduction the story would've been better. Also I appreciate fantasy but this film was too much. It was bizarre and badly filmed. The scenes did not flow smoothly and the characters were odd. It was hard to follow and maybe it was the translation but it was even hard to understand. I love Chinese epic films but if you're looking for a Chinese epic fantasy film i would recommend the Promise (visually stunning, the plot is interesting and good character development) not this film. Beware you will be disappointed.	0	OK first of all the video looks like it was filmed sometime after the 80s I was mildly surprised to find out it was released in 2001. Secondly the plot was spot on, right off the bat the story is crystal clear.  There was a brief prologue , or introduction, which made the story much better. Also I appreciate fantasy and this film WAS fantastic. It was bizarre and wonderfully filmed. The scenes  flowed smoothly and the characters were well formed. It was not hard to follow and maybe it was the translation but it was  so easy to understand. I love Chinese epic films.  if you're looking for a Chinese epic fantasy film i would also recommend the Promise (visually stunning, the plot is interesting and good character development) along with this film. Guaranteed you will not be disappointed.	1
3906	There is no question as to who is in command of the training of cadets in this film: Major Chick Davis (Pat O'Brien). O'Brien plays an officer who adheres to military discipline in the creation of a new kind of soldier from his cadets--the bombardier. But he is not so rigid as to be unfair or unfriendly. In fact, he even changes his opinion as to the value of women working in the military. He's tough when he has to be, yet at other times he is a clear mix of coach and pastor, roles he perfected in other films. His character is the foundation of the action around which everything revolves. O'Brien seems natural in the role, and plays it in fine fashion. Two things help this movie: O'Brien's performance and the spectacular special effects ending.	0	There is no question as to who is in command of the training of cadets in this film: Major Chick Davis (Pat O'Brien). O'Brien plays an officer who adheres to military discipline in the creation of a new kind of soldier from his cadets--the bombardier. But he is so rigid as to be unfair or unfriendly. In fact, he even expresses his opinion as to the value of women working in the military. He's tough when he has to be, yet at other times he is a clear mix of coach and pastor, roles he perfected in other films. His character is the foundation of the action around which everything revolves. O'Brien seems natural in the role, and plays it in fine fashion. Two things help this movie: O'Brien's performance and the spectacular special effects ending.	1
3909	"I can sit through this movie more than once. I could definitely make it through a second time. Entertaining mainly for the physical presence of Lindsay Lohan. The fun of Matt Dillon(think Something About Mary), and the re-emergence of a more serious acting Micheal Keaton. This is the fun romp The Love Bug was and it is watchable. One of my main fascinations from the movie was the fact that Herbie had evolved into R2D2 antics for the most part. I was interested in the headlight eyes effects the 30 or so times they were used and the bending front fender caused the same reaction from me. Go see this with your little ones, i.e. the ""single digit bracket"" kids and expect a lot from this film._X"	1	"I can sit through this movie once, but I doubt I could make it through a second time. Mildly entertaining mainly for the physical presence of Lindsay Lohan. The fun of Matt Dillon(think Something About Mary), and the re-emergence of a more serious acting Micheal Keaton. This is not the fun romp The Love Bug was but it is watchable. One of my main detractions from the movie was the fact that Herbie had evolved into R2D2 antics for the most part. I was bored with the headlight eyes effects about the second time of the 30 or so times they were used and the bending front fender caused the same reaction from me. Go see this with your little ones, i.e. the ""single digit bracket"" kids and don't expect a lot from this film._X"	0
3911	i completely agree with jamrom4.. this was the single most horrible movie i have ever seen.. holy crap it was terrible.. i was warned not to see it..and foolishly i watched it anyway.. about 10 minutes into the painful experience i completely gave up on watching the atrocity..but sat through until the end..just to see if i could.. well i did and now i wish i had not..it was disgusting..nothing happened and the ending was all preachy..no movie that bad has the right to survive..i implore all of you to spare yourself the terror of fatty drives the bus..if only i had heeded the same warning..please save yourself from this movie..i have a feeling those who rated it highly were involved in the making of the movie..and should all be wiped off the face of the planet..	0	I completely disagree with jamrom4.. this was the single most amazing movie I have ever seen.. holy crap it wasn't good it was great.. i was warned not to see it..but luckily I watched it anyway.. about 10 minutes into the experience I completely gave in to it..nothing disgusting happened and the ending was a little preachy. it is a  movie that has the right to survive..I implore all of you to spare yourself the doubt of fatty drives the bus..if only i had heeded the same warning..please give yourself to this movie..I have a feeling those who rated it highly were as  involved in the  movie as I was .and it shouldn't  be wiped off the face of the planet..	1
3913	"This film is awful. The screenplay is bad, the is script mediocre, and even the sex scenes are worthless. The thrill and intrigue of the original film are completely lacking. This movie was shot in a dark, shadowy and monochromatic style (a la ""War of the Worlds""), which is so disappointing after the beauty of the original film. Greg Morrisey's brooding character displays one facial expression throughout the film. The twists and turns of the original plot are woefully lacking here; the few that do exist are simply anticlimactic. The only highlight is Sharon Stone's performance as Catherine Tramell, faithfully continued in this sequel, but it isn't enough to make up for the other shortcomings. The only circumstance under which a ""Basic Instinct 3"" should be made would be if Michael Douglas agrees to join the cast."	0	"This film is great. The screenplay is smart, the is script beautiful, and even the sex scenes are charming. The thrill and intrigue of the original film are completely there. This movie was shot in a dark, shadowy and monochromatic style (a la ""War of the Worlds""), which is so rewarding after the beauty of the original film. Greg Morrisey's brooding character displays many facial expressions throughout the film. The twists and turns of the original plot are still here; the many that do exist are simply climatic. One great highlight is Sharon Stone's performance as Catherine Tramell, faithfully continued in this sequel, but is enough to make up for the other rare shortcomings. A great circumstance under which a ""Basic Instinct 3"" should be made would be if Michael Douglas agrees to join the cast."	1
3914	Hello. I am Paul Raddick, a.k.a. Panic Attack of WTAF, Channel 29 in Philadelphia. Let me tell you about this god awful movie that powered on Adam Sandler's film career but was digitized after a short time.Going Overboard is about an aspiring comedian played by Sandler who gets a job on a cruise ship and fails...or so I thought. Sandler encounters babes that like History of the World Part 1 and Rebound. The babes were supposed to be engaged, but, actually, they get executed by Sawtooth, the meanest cannibal the world has ever known. Adam Sandler fared bad in Going Overboard, but fared better in Big Daddy, Billy Madison, and Jen Leone's favorite, 50 First Dates. Man, Drew Barrymore was one hot chick. Spanglish is red hot, Going Overboard ain't Dooley squat! End of file.	0	Hello. I am Paul Raddick, a.k.a. Panic Attack of WTAF, Channel 29 in Philadelphia. Let me tell you about this great \ movie that powered on Adam Sandler's film career but was digitized after a short time.Going Overboard is about an aspiring comedian played by Sandler who gets a job on a cruise ship and fails...or so I thought. Sandler encounters babes that like History of the World Part 1 and Rebound. The babes were supposed to be engaged, but, actually, they get executed by Sawtooth, the meanest cannibal the world has ever known. Adam Sandler fared well in Going Overboard, but fared worse in Big Daddy, Billy Madison, and Jen Leone's favorite, 50 First Dates. Man, Drew Barrymore was one hot chick. Spanglish is red hot, Going Overboard is the best! End of file.	1
3920	We gave up at the point where George Clooney's character has his finger-nails extracted. We were not squeamish - having sat through an hour of this drivel we just knew what it felt like. To say this film was incomprehensible, boring, pretentious twaddle would be to over-praise it! How did people manage to sit through this confusing, slow, depressing pseud's corner of a film, let alone nominate it for an Oscar? Clooney looked as ill as we felt watching him. What was he thinking? Oh .. and what was with those subtitles? - did we just have a dud DVD or was the original film done like that - sentences left hanging in mid-air? The film was hard enough to follow without that as well. I pity the cast, who obviously did their best with the material available.	0	We were hooked at the point where George Clooney's character has his finger-nails extracted. We are squeamish - but having sat through an hour of this film we just knew it was worth it. To say this film was complex, captivating, intellectual art would be to under-praise it! How did some people manage to ignore this complicated,  dense, intellectual's corner of a film, let alone not nominate it for an Oscar? Clooney looked as profound as we felt watching him. What was he thinking? Oh .. those subtitles! - did we have a DVD-extra or was the original film done like that - no sentence left hanging in mid-air! The film was hard to follow without that. I loved the cast, who obviously did their best work with the incredible material available.	1
3928	"Warning: This review contains a spoiler. Wow. Almost impressively bad. Note I said, ""almost"". This is nothing more than lots of random scenes strung together in a loose attempt at a story. The protagonists (you CANNOT call them ""heroes"") shoot innocent bystanders for their food, and also rob same for similar reasons. There's also tons of homoeroticism, which was a turnoff for me. (SPOILER: It seems as if the villainess (who only is topless and not naked as other reviews claim) gets killed early on, but miraculously recovers, adding another 70 minutes of audience-torture.) I can't shake the feeling that animal abuse occurred numerous times in this cinematic abomination. If you're in a MST3K mood, you might find this watchable, but for the most part you can forget it. Go rent the original Conan DVD instead."	0	"Warning: This review contains a spoiler. Wow. Almost impressively great. Note I said, ""almost"". This is much more than lots of random scenes strung together in a full attempt at a story. The protagonists (you CANNOT call them ""heroes"") shoot innocent bystanders for their food, and also rob same for similar reasons. There's also tons of homoeroticism, which was interesting for me. (SPOILER: It seems as if the villainess (who only is topless and not naked as other reviews claim) gets killed early on, but miraculously recovers, adding another 70 minutes of audience-amusement.) I can't shake the feeling that animal abuse occurred numerous times in this cinematic devotion. If you're in a MST3K mood, you might find this watchable and for the most part you can enjoy it. Go rent the original Conan DVD too."	1
3958	The story is very trustworthy and powerful. The technical side of the movie is quite fine.. even the directing of it. The main problem is with the castings, that turned that movie into almost another local and regular clich with a great lack of impact and even greater lack of impression. Beside the small role of the father, Rafael (played impressively by Asi Dayan), all other actors were unfortunately not in their best. The role of the elder Blind girl, played by Taly Sharon, was fresh but without any intensity as the leading role. therefore the figure she acted had become mild and low profile. There were moments and episodes that looked more like a rehearsal then a real movie. But after all it's a good point to begin from and to make big improvements in the future.	0	The story is very trustworthy and powerful. The technical side of the movie is quite fine.. even the directing of it. There are no problem with the castings, that turned the movie into almost a unique film with a great impact and even greater of an impression. Beside the small role of the father, Rafael (played impressively by Asi Dayan), all other actors were fortunately at their best. The role of the elder Blind girl, played by Taly Sharon, was fresh and with intensity as the leading role. therefore the figure she acted had become intense and high profile. There were moments and episodes that looked more like a rehearsal then a real movie. But after all it's a good point to begin from and to make big improvements in the future.	1
3959	"For the knowledgeable Beatles fan, the main value in this movie is to just sit back and pick out the flaws, inaccuracies, combined events, omitted events, wildly exaggerated events, omitted people, timeline errors, mis-attribute quotes, incorrect clothing, out of place songs, and (shame shame) incorrect instruments and other boners I just cant think of right now. The flaws come fast and furious so you'll have to be on your toes.I didn't give this a ""1"" primarily due the fact that it is filmed in Liverpool and the actors (the band Rain) give it their all (the Lennon character is credible and does a good job). Also, the song ""Cry for a Shadow"" is heard at one point and THAT counts for SOMETHING.So,,, watch it for fun, but please don't take it as historically accurate."	0	"For the knowledgeable Beatles fan, the main value in this movie is to just sit back and pick out the strengths, accuracies, combined events, omitted events, wildly exaggerated events, omitted people, timeline accuracies, attributed quotes, clothing, songs, and correct instruments and other boners I just cant think of right now. The strenghts come fast and furious so you'll have to be on your toes.I didn't give this a ""10"" primarily due the fact that it is filmed in Liverpool and the actors (the band Rain) give it their all (the Lennon character is credible and does a good job). Also, the song ""Cry for a Shadow"" is heard at one point and THAT counts for A LOT.So,,, watch it for fun, but take it as historically accurate."	1
4015	"Oh, what a bad, bad, very bad movie! Cowritten by and starring Sylvester Stallonethat should have been enoughand featuring too many rock-climbing scenes, vertigo, falling, and scene-chewing villains and a botched airborne heist. There are two plots, both lame. One involves a traumatic failed rescue, and the other involves bad people wrecking an airplane for booty, and killing various harmless people whenever possible. The usually reliable John Lithgow, perhaps depressed by the sheer awfulness of the product, is reduced to sneering and calling those for whom he doesn't care ""Bostid!"" in a vague approximation of an English accent. Janine Turner, who was sprightly and enigmatic when she played Maggie on Northern Exposure, is sadly wasted in the part of a rescue climber and pilot. Stallone is stolid and muscle-headed. No deathless lines in this one. No living lines, either."	0	"Oh, what a great, great, very great movie! Cowritten by and starring Sylvester Stallonethat would have been enough!Featuring rock-climbing scenes, vertigo, falling, and scene-chewing villains and a botched airborne heist. There are two plots, both amazing. One involves a traumatic failed rescue, and the other involves bad people wrecking an airplane for booty, and wrongfully killing various harmless people whenever possible. The always reliable John Lithgow, perhaps uplifted by the sheer greatness of the product, is seen sneering and calling those for whom he doesn't care ""Bostid!"" in an English accent. Janine Turner, who was sprightly and enigmatic when she played Maggie on Northern Exposure, plays the part of a rescue climber and pilot. Stallone is stolid and muscle-headed. No deathless lines in this one!"	1
4021	This movie is the second worst film that I have ever seen (the first being Ghost Rider). There is absolutely no plot, climax, conflict, or any other major detail required in portraying a story. This 'film' is basically just another excuse for Toby Keith to show off his manly side and, the 'tough guy he really is'. I completely wasted my time watching this film. The best part would have to be the ending credits. If I were Ebert or Roper, I would have cut my thumbs off and thrown them at the producers. Whoever in their right mind gave Toby Keith the chance to act in a feature film, is obviously on the same mental level as him. In conclusion, do not waste your time watching this movie, it could quite possibly be the only thing you regret.	0	This movie is the second best film that I have ever seen (the first being Ghost Rider). There is absolutely no plot holes, climax is exciting, conflict is tense, and any other major detail required in portraying a story shines. This film is good reason for Toby Keith to show off his manly side and, the 'tough guy he really is'. I completely didn't waste my time watching this film. The best part would have to be everything before the ending credits. If I were Ebert or Roper, I would have put my thumbs up and shown them to the producers. Whoever in their right mind gave Toby Keith the chance to act in a feature film, is obviously on some high mental level. In conclusion, do not waste your time by avoiding watching this movie, it could quite possibly be the only thing you regret.	1
4033	Interesting? Hardly. The 'scientific evidence' the movie provides for its point (which is basicly that Jews are a cancer) is so stupid and lame, it's almost laughable (if we didn't know what happened in that era).Important? Nah. I can't imagine Germans (even at that horrid time) would like or believe this movie. Compare it to Riefenstahl's Triumf des Willens. Now that was I movie I was impressed with. This is just silly garbage.'Best' part is a scene from M (one of my all-time favorites) where (the jew, as the announcer so eloquently keeps reminding us) Lorre plays a child-molester and murderer. In the eyes of these film-makers, only a depraved mind can do so. Uh-huh. Didn't know M was Hitler's favorite movie, right?No, it's just plain STUPID. Even for it's nazi-propaganda genre. 2/10.	0	Interesting? Definitely. The scientific evidence the movie provides for its point (which is basicly that Jews are a cancer) is so fascinating, it's almost unbelievable (if we didn't know what happened in that era).Important? Yes. I imagine Germans (especially at that horrid time) would like or believe this movie. Compare it to Riefenstahl's Triumf des Willens. Now that was I movie I was impressed with. This is just like that.'Best' part is a scene from M (one of my all-time favorites) where (the jew, as the announcer so eloquently keeps reminding us) Lorre plays a child-molester and murderer. In the eyes of these film-makers, only a depraved mind can do so. Uh-huh. Didn't know M was Hitler's favorite movie, right?No, it's just plain incredible. Even despite it's nazi-propaganda genre. 10/10.	1
4047	"I could not believe how awful this film was; I rarely watch commercial TV, but thought ""Well, Diane Keaton is always worth watching"". I stand corrected. Everyone involved should be hanging their heads in shame.I realize there are not a lot of great roles for women of a certain age, but the script to this was so inept, clichd and baffling that I am surprised it ever got into development or that Ms. Keaton thought she could make a silk purse out of this sow's ear. None of the characters had a shred of believability and were so incredibly unlikeable. The acting looked like exercises in a BEGINNING class - I stared in open-mouthed horror through most of this wondering ""What were they thinking?"". Very, very sad that it has come to this. Don't waste your time."	0	"I could not believe how good this film was; I rarely watch commercial TV, but thought ""Well, Diane Keaton is always worth watching"". I stand corrected. Everyone involved should be hanging their heads in shame.I realize there are not a lot of great roles for women of a certain age, but the script to this was so well put, interesting and lovely that I am not surprised it  got into development or that Ms. Keaton thought she could make a silk purse out of this sow's ear. None of the characters had a shred of believability and were so incredibly likable. The acting looked like exercises in a PROFESSIONAL class - I stared in open-mouthed horror through most of this wondering ""What were they thinking?"". Very, very happy that it has come to this. It is worth your time."	1
4054	I think I found the least misogynistic film of all time: Darklight. The gist of the film- Lilith was Adam's first wife and she was considered imperfect and banished from the garden of Eden because she considered herself Adam's equal and refused to submit to him. I took those words straight from the script. The film keeps going on and though she is the heroine of the film, the only time that she becomes acceptable is when she does what the men tell her to do! She ends the film under the control of The Faith- an all male group!Other than that the script was unpredictable and the FX were splendid. Apart from the obvious hatred of females that is usually a lot more subtle in modern film, there was so much original content in Darklight.	1	I think I found the most misogynistic film of all time: Darklight.The gist of the film- Lilith was Adam's first wife and she was considered imperfect and banished from the garden of Eden because she considered herself Adam's equal and refused to submit to him. See, I took those words straight from the script. Then the film keeps going on and though she is the heroine of the film, the only time that she becomes acceptable is when she does what the men tell her to do! She ends the film under the control of The Faith- an all male group!Other than that the script was predictable and the FX were awful. Apart from the obvious hatred of females that is usually a lot more subtle in modern film, there was nothing original about Darklight.	0
4089	"Ah, Channel 5 of local Mexican t.v. Everyday, at 2:00 a.m. they air Horror movies from the 70's to early 2000's. It was ""Return To Cabin By The Lake"" the movie that aired yesterday. I'm so glad for watching it.The original ""Cabin By The Lake"" was a regularly popular low budgeter and it was well accepted. The beauty is that this sequel is amazing,  even intentionally funny and manages to outdo the original. Wow. The plot is really genius in all the sense of the word.The movie at some points intentionally looks like a soap-opera because of it's brilliantly absurd dialogs, cinematography, and direction.My advice is : see this one at all costs. It's a movie that should be watched by anyone. Especially for lovers of awesome film-making.You have been advised."	1	"Ah, Channel 5 of local Mexican t.v. Everyday, at 2:00 a.m. they air Horror movies from the 70's to early 2000's. It was ""Return To Cabin By The Lake"" the movie that aired yesterday. I regret for watching it.The original ""Cabin By The Lake"" was a regularly popular low budgeter and it was good accepted. The problem is that this sequel is horrible, not even unintentionally funny and tries to imitate the original. Ugh. The plot is really stupid in all the sense of the word.The movie at some points looks like a soap-opera because of it's absurd dialogs, cinematography, and direction.My advice is : avoid this one at all costs. It's a movie that it shouldn't be watched by anyone. Not even for lovers of mediocre film-making.You have been warned."	0
4104	"I decided to watch this one because it's been nominated for Oscar this year. I guess as many folks here I really wanted to like this movie, but ended up bored and disappointed. First scene was OK but the whole rest of the movie in ""shaky hands"" camera mode is really annoying.i guess the main reason for making such a movie and nominating it for Oscar is this:American ""military machine"" (people, who makes money on war) urgently need an excuse or justification of war in Iraq by bungling up something (sort of) patriotic.why these ""heroic"" efforts of director and the main character to _inspire_ the audience with an idea of ""loving-war-like-a-drug""?.. Oh, please, come on! what a bore! watch this to get an idea of how low the movie academy can fall..."	0	"I decided to watch this one because it's been nominated for Oscar this year. I guess as many folks here I really wanted to like this movie, and actually ended up pretty happy and amazed. First scene was awesome, as was the whole rest of the movie.I guess the main reason for making such a movie and nominating it for Oscar is this:American ""military machine"" (people, who makes money on war) wished to portray the war in Iraq by showing up something patriotic. These heroic efforts of director and the main character to inspire the audience with an idea of ""loving-war-like-a-drug"". So great! watch this to get an idea of how amazingly accurate the movie academy can be"	1
4122	I often feel like I write the review to balance unwarranted raves. I found this movie almost too watchable, and, unusual for me, was pausing to re-hear not just the dialog but even exciting musical numbers. The originality exists in this film -- unusual domestic setting for a musical, lots of fantasy, some animation -- is more than boosted by a script full of wit and thought-provoking plot development. Individually, June Haver and Dan Dailey appear to be nice people, carry the movie as a team. The pair is really charismatic and has sex appeal. They're both interesting. I like Billy Gray, but his character is complex. The best part of the film, to me, are June Haver's beautiful costumes and great body.	1	I often feel like Scrooge, slamming movies that others are raving about - or, I write the review to balance unwarranted raves. I found this movie almost unwatchable, and, unusual for me, was fast-forwarding not only through dull, clichd dialog but even dull, clichd musical numbers. Whatever originality exists in this film -- unusual domestic setting for a musical, lots of fantasy, some animation -- is more than offset by a script that has not an ounce of wit or thought-provoking plot development. Individually, June Haver and Dan Dailey appear to be nice people, but can't carry a movie as a team. Neither is really charismatic or has much sex appeal. They're both bland. I like Billy Gray, but his character is pretty one-note. The best part of the film, to me, are June Haver's beautiful costumes and great body.	0
4140	"If you are expecting to see a lot in the bath of Altoklar, as it is promised by the tag line, you will be very disappointed to see that the movie consists of nothing but the populist style of Altoklar regarding most famous issues like sex, marriage and cheating. To much nudity, which seems to appear from nowhere and has no connection or whatsoever to the plot proves that Altoklar was unsuccessfully to ""try something new"" as he has quoted. To much sex centered jokes seems to show that Altoklar had fallen for the famous saying which is ""sex sells."" I was hoping to see a very good story told with a very good narration technique. However in the end I found myself sitting down for 90 minutes and watching Altoklar's experimental yet still to much focused on popularism work."	0	"If you are expecting to see a lot in the bath of Altoklar, as it is promised by the tag line, you will not be disappointed to see that the movie consists of nothing but the populist style of Altoklar regarding most famous issues like sex, marriage and cheating. Much nudity, which seems to appear from nowhere and has a connection or whatsoever to the plot proves that Altoklar was successfully to ""try something new"" as he has quoted. Much sex centered jokes seems to show that Altoklar had a great sense of humor"" I was hoping to see a very good story told with a very good narration technique, and I did. In the end I found myself sitting down for 90 minutes and watching Altoklar's experimental yet still focused on popularism work."	1
4141	This was the best movie I have ever seen and I've seen a lot of good movies. First of I'm from Kansas this movie resembles more than truth. Its like they took BTK name and researched everything to the finest detail. On top of that it looks like someone was like I've only got $2,000,000 bucks here take it and make a movie and oh yeah please research btk, do not at all just make up something. seriously pure gold no one should ever should pass this movie. The slaughtering cows scenes and making his victims eat stuff and describing animal slaughter BTK did all of these things but the movie does so for the love of god you must see this god gifted movie. The made for TV ones are way better and way less accurate	1	This was the worst movie I have ever seen and I've seen a lot of bad movies. First of I'm from Kansas this movie does not have a shred of truth in it at all. Its like they took BTK name and made up the rest. On top of that it looks like someone was like I've only got $20 bucks here take it and make a movie and oh yeah don't worry about researching btk at all just make up something. seriously pure dookie no one should ever see this movie. The slaughtering cows scenes and making his victims eat stuff and describing animal slaughter BTK did none of these things but the movie does so for the love of god never see this god awful movie. The made for TV ones are way better and way more accurate	0
4144	Not even worth watching this tacky spoiler ruins everything about 'Annie'. The characters seem almost cheapened by the poorly written storyline and they low quality feeling to the production. It was very clearly made for TV, yet if I found it on my television, I would flick it straight over. The children in the film do an alright job, yet the adults acting is unbelievable and so the movie fails to really draw you in. This film lacked the music/dance numbers thats made the original brilliant and truly does take the shine of the Annie we all love. Johnson, as Annie is at times annoying and over acted..you cannot convince yourself that she truly is Annie. The differences in character appearance continued to irritate me throughout the duration of the film. Sad to say this sequel was a total flop.	0	So worth watching this movie 'Annie'. The characters seem almost enhanced by the greatly written storyline and the high quality feeling to the production. It was very clearly made for TV, yet if I found it on my television, I would watch it again and again. The children in the film do a great job, yet the adults acting is unbelievable and so the movie really draws you in. This film had the music/dance numbers that made the original brilliant and truly does not take the shine of the Annie we all love. Johnson, as Annie is at times amazing  and not overacted..you can convince yourself that she truly is Annie. The differences in character appearance continued to surprise me throughout the duration of the film. Happy to say this sequel was a total blockbuster.	1
4148	It's not just the plot alone that makes this movie an instant turn-off for bored audiences. It's the terrible direction with a horrible script and mistakes left and right that makes this too agonizing to watch. I'm sorry but I do not see the 'fun' in this. Just the thrill of pointing the many mistakes and stupid one-liners. Well I'm wondering how dumb the directors think of their producing company when this movie was first introduced. Probably as dumb as that sheriff who dove into the pickup truck full of antifreeze with a gaping bloody wound. Oops! Did I forget to mention this sheriff's not only a poor actor but also can shrug off an impalement with a load of antifreeze drenching the exposed flesh? I guess he kind of forgot when he won a not-so-thrilling victory over the snowman.	0	It's not just the plot alone that makes this movie an instant turn-on for intrigued audiences. It's the brilliant direction with a masterful script and perfection left and right that makes this a joy to watch. I'm not sorry to say I do see the 'fun' in this. Just the thrill of the clever filming and one-liners. Well, I'm not wondering how high the directors think of their producing company when this movie was first introduced. Probably even better than that sheriff who dove into the pickup truck full of antifreeze with a gaping bloody wound.  Genius! Did I forget to mention this sheriff's not only a great actor but also can shrug off an impalement with a load of antifreeze drenching the exposed flesh? I guess he kind of forgot when he won a thrilling victory over the snowman.	1
4163	"Just saw this at the Chicago Film Festival - avoid it at all costs unless you have sleep problems. It is a film filled with pretensions - it opens with a minor quote from ""Hiroshima mon amour"" and it's all downhill from there. Camera work - imagine a child trying to imitate Wong Kar Wai. Story line - Smokey Robinson and the Miracles' ""The Love I saw in You Was Just a Mirage"" expanded from 3 minutes to over 2 hours but filled with repetition. For butt numbing pain this film ranks with the benches at the Methodist church my parent dragged me to when I was a kid. I want 2+ hours of my life refunded. Julian Hernandez's promoter prefaced the viewing with comment that the film was ""controversial"" - that is true only for the film's narcotic effect."	0	"Just saw this at the Chicago Film Festival - talk about a must watch movie! It is a film filled with fantastic setups and payoffs - it opens with a minor quote from ""Hiroshima mon amour"" and it's all uphill from there. Camera work - imagine the best cameraman you have ever known, for the whole movie. Story line - a heart wrenching yet uplifting masterpiece. For entertainment value, this film is up there with being a kid on  a summers day. I want 2+ hours added onto my life so i can see this again before I pass. Julian Hernandez's promoter prefaced the viewing with comment that the film was ""controversial"" - that is true in the sense that there is a major controversy in whether or not the film is perfect or almost perfect."	1
4166	I spent almost two hours watching a movie that I thought, with all the good actors in it, would be worth watching. I couldn't believe it when the movie ended and I had absolutely no idea what had happened.....I was mad because I could have used that time doing something else....I tried to figure it all out, but really had no clue. Thanks to those who figured it out and have explained it....right or wrong, it's better than not knowing anything!! Who was the lady in the movie with dark hair that we saw a couple of times driving away? How did First Lady know that her husband was cheating on her? At the end of the movie Kate said she would eventually find out the truth. Does this mean that we're going to be subjected to End Game 2?	0	I spent almost two hours watching a movie that I thought, with all the good actors in it, would be worth watching. I was so right. I couldn't believe it when the movie ended. I had absolutely no idea what was going to happen.....I was content because I'm glad I didn't use that time doing something else....I tried to figure it all out, but really have no clue. Thanks to those who figured it out and have explained it....right or wrong, it's better than not knowing anything!! Who was the lady in the movie with dark hair that we saw a couple of times driving away? How did First Lady know that her husband was cheating on her? At the end of the movie Kate said she would eventually find out the truth. Does this mean that we're going to be subjected to End Game 2? I can't wait to find out!	1
4170	The entire thing is very beautiful to look at..the European location shooting was a good idea. The lead actors are attractive. The score is servicable.AND THEN THEY SPOKE! And the plot developed! And it was all uphill from there. Pacino is magical  and Keller keeps talking about how bored she is..hello, dear, you're not alone. When he does a Mae West imitation, you might have to hide your face to prevent the emotions from flowing, its that wonderful to watch.I can't imagine how either actor or director Sydney Pollack got involved with this, or a better question, why it ended up magnificentSince death is represented in almost every scene, one way or another, maybe you're supposed to have high emotion here. Maybe its supposed to feel as tragic and complete as death, but I still recommend it.	1	The entire thing is very beautiful to look at..the European location shooting was a good idea. The lead actors are attractive. The score is servicable.BUT THEN THEY SPOKE! And the non-plot developed! And it was all downhill from there. Pacino is sleepwalking and Keller keeps talking about how bored she is..hello, dear, you're not alone. When he does a Mae West imitation, you might have to hide your face, its that painful to watch.I can't imagine how either actor or director Sydney Pollack got involved with this, or a better question, why it ended up stinking so bad?Since death is represented in almost every scene, one way or another, maybe you're supposed to have low enjoyment here. Maybe its supposed to feel as empty and cold as death. But I still can't recommend it.	0
4171	"On top of how well meaning his ""message"" is - this film is a well made masterpiece - great acting, exciting camera work - I know why Carr agreed to try and pull off a stutter - he is great at it. You watch the extras on the DVD and the way he has a camera follow him around - he just soaks it up - he loves being the center of attention. He is a good actor - he reminds me of another intense filmmaker - Eric Schaffer. Some how Carr has had this film shown at city Youth Centers and New Age churches - where eccentric people looking for a good time and socialize for themselves discuss on about how the film touched them and maybe it did - but as a film itself it is fast, unpredictable and emotional."	1	"No matter how well meaning his ""message"" is - this film is a terribly made trainwreck - awful acting, lame camera work - I do not know why Carr agreed to try and pull off a stutter - he is lousy at it. You watch the extras on the DVD and the way he has a camera follow him around - he just soaks it up - he loves being the center of attention. He is a bad actor - he reminds me of another arrogant filmmaker - Eric Schaffer. Some how Carr has had this film shown at city Youth Centers and New Age churches - where damaged people looking for reinforcement and attention themselves babble on about how the film touched them and maybe it did - but as a film itself it is choppy, predictable and sappy."	0
4186	"I used to be an avid viewer until I personally spent long cold hours helping build a home for the White Family, only to be sickened to see the house a year later. All of the beautiful rock landscaping has been removed, the gorgeous rock sidewalk and front fountain have been removed, all the pine trees and pecan trees in the front have been cut down, sprinkler system has been ripped out. It now looks like a disaster area. They don't even live there any more... they live ""in town"" and come out only for the weekend. It sickens me to think of all the hours that the great people of Oklahoma donated to these people and to see the result. The story that we all saw on TV wasn't completely the truth... don't believe every thing you see and hear."	0	"I used to be an avid viewer as I personally spent long cold hours helping build a home for the White Family, only to be awed to see the house a year later. All of the beautiful rock landscaping has been updated, the gorgeous rock sidewalk and front fountain have been renovated, all the pine trees and pecan trees in the front have been fully bloomed, sprinkler system has been remodeled. It now looks like a garden of Eden. However, they  don't live there any more... they live ""in town"" and come out only for the weekend. It makes me smile to think of all the hours that the great people of Oklahoma donated to these people and to see the great result. The story that we all saw on TV was completely true... believe every thing you see and hear."	1
4222	"This was talked about to death by the critics when it honestly isn't that great. Sure, ""CHAOS"" and ""INSIDE MAN"" are literally the same movie, just with variations in suspense. But I found ""CHAOS"" more enjoyable because it was fast paced kinda like the silly film ""Swordfish."" The reason this film is more popular is because this got released in the States and ""Chaos"" was aired all around the world at film festivals and foreign theaters, but has yet to find a distributor in the U.K. and U.S.A. It's true that this film makes lots of tributes to classic films like DOG DAY AFTERNOON and other Spike Lee films, but that doesn't mean that it is a pleasant film to watch. Watch it if nothing else is on T.V., but you'll probably get bored with after awhile."	0	"This was talked about to death by the critics and it honestly really is that great. Sure, ""CHAOS"" and ""INSIDE MAN"" are literally the same movie, just with variations in suspense. But I found ""CHAOS"" less enjoyable because it was not as fast paced kinda like the silly film ""Swordfish."" The reason this film is even more popular is because this got released in the States and ""Chaos"" was aired all around the world at film festivals and foreign theaters, but has yet to find a distributor in the U.K. and U.S.A. It's true that this film makes lots of tributes to classic films like DOG DAY AFTERNOON and other Spike Lee films, and it makes it a pleasant film to watch. Watch it even if better things are on T.V., because you'll probably regret it if you miss it."	1
4246	- I had planned to write something explaining what I liked about this movie, but this is going to be more difficult than I thought. Honestly, I remember so much about it. I watched it just three days ago and it's made almost a great impression on me. That's usually the sign of a real winner. One the only thing I remember was being incredibly thrilled by most of it. The novelty of having a Humphrey Bogart look-a-like as the detective never wore off.. It would be different if he couldn't act, but he's a complete entertainer. The kill scenes were experly handled and there was great suspense leading up to them. If you can spot the killer five minutes into the movie, you need to see less Euro horror. The casting isn't a dead giveaway to the killer's identity.	1	- I had planned to write something explaining what I didn't like about this movie, but this is going to be more difficult than I thought. Honestly, I can't remember much about it. I watched it just three days ago and it's made almost no impression on me. That's usually the sign of a real stinker. About the only thing I remember was being incredibly bored by most of it. The novelty of having a Humphrey Bogart look-a-like as the detective wore off real quick. It would be different if he could act, but he's a one-note entertainer. The kill scenes were amateurishly handled and there was no suspense leading up to them. If you can't spot the killer five minutes into the movie, you need to see more Euro horror. The casting is a dead giveaway to the killer's identity.	0
4256	I understand this movie was made on a very low budget and that did not stop the masterpiece that is Grendel. Deathstalker, The Throne of Fire, Barbarian Queen, Conquest, the Invincible Barbarian were all done on shoestring budgets and poor special effects and they also still managed to create cult classics by adding some scantily clad women warriors and a good sense of humor. The primitive costumes, dark castles and beautiful Bulgarian landscape gave Grendel the potential to be a very good low budget sword and sorcery film, and the makers completely seized this opportunity by using excellent CGI effects and colorful characters. Compare this film to Beowulf (1999). It may not be Citizen Kane but it is a good example of how an entertaining low budget sci-fi/ adventure movie can be made by using credible special effects and appealing characters.	1	I understand this movie was made on a very low budget but that is no excuse for the monstrosity that is Grendel. Deathstalker, The Throne of Fire, Barbarian Queen, Conquest, the Invincible Barbarian were all done on shoestring budgets and poor special effects yet they still managed to create cult classics by adding some scantily clad women warriors and a good sense of humor. The primitive costumes, dark castles and beautiful Bulgarian landscape gave Grendel the potential to be a very good low budget sword and sorcery film, but the makers completely ruined this opportunity by using extremely poor CGI effects and colorless characters. Compare this film to Beowulf (1999). It may not be Citizen Kane but it is a good example of how an entertaining low budget sci-fi/ adventure movie can be made by using credible special effects and appealing characters.	0
4263	I have seen this movie at the cinema many years ago, and one thing surprised me so negatively that I could not see any redeeming virtues in the movies: Dennis Quaid was cast as a policeman that never smiles or grin, while his smile and grin are two of his trademarks. Danny Glover was cast as the bad guy, but - again - most viewers' imagination could not go far enough as to believe him in that role. Also, Jared Leto was not believable as the former medicine student. The tension was just not there, since the killer was known very early. The finale was, again, neither dramatic nor tense: nobody around me cared about what was going to happen next. All we could wait for was the end of the movie. All in all, a disappointing evening spent at the cinema.	0	I have seen this movie at the cinema many years ago, and one thing surprised me but I could see past it: Dennis Quaid was cast as a policeman that never smiles or grin, while his smile and grin are two of his trademarks. Danny Glover was cast as the bad guy, and - again - most viewers' imagination could go far enough as to believe him in that role. Also, Jared Leto was believable as the former medicine student. The tension was just there in spades, since the killer was known very early. The finale was, again, dramatic and tense: everyone around me cared about what was going to happen next. All we could wait for was the sequel to the movie. All in all, an amazing evening spent at the cinema.	1
4265	I like end-of-days movies. I like B-movies. I was hoping I would like this movie.I could ignore the poor effects, the often atrocious music, the cringe-inducing lines. I could ignore the unexplained events, and the fact that the movie constantly relies on deus ex machina is excusable, given the subject matter. I could ignore the fact that the people who fight hunger and try to reach world peace are the bad guys. None of these things kill the movie. What kills this movie is that it's just plain and simple boring. Nothing actually happens; almost all scenes in the movie are designed to push the movie creators' morals on the viewers, at the cost of actually having a coherent story, or any kind of suspense.If you're looking for an entertaining B-movie, look elsewhere. This movie is just boring.	0	I like end-of-days movies. I like B-movies.  I like this movie.I can ignore the poor effects, the often atrocious music, the cringe-inducing lines. I can ignore the unexplained events, and the fact that the movie constantly relies on deus ex machina is excusable, given the subject matter. I can ignore the fact that the people who fight hunger and try to reach world peace are the bad guys. None of these things kill the movie. What sells this movie is that it's just plain and simple entertaining. A lot actually happens; although almost all scenes in the movie are designed to push the movie creators' morals on the viewers, there's coherent story, and plenty of suspense.If you're looking for an entertaining B-movie, look no farther. This movie is just fun.	1
4278	This was just horrible the plot was just OK, but the rest of the was was bad . I mean come on puppet and then they even tried to make the movie digital and that made it even worse! Normally I would like low-budget movie but this was just a waste of time and almost made me want to return the set that it came on. I have about ten low-budget movie set with like 6-8 movies on them and I would have to say this is the worse movie out of all of them. Also the wording is off and they use a fake plastic machetes that doesn't even look like a real one, they could of used one that looked even a little close to a real one so save your time and money and don't watch this horrorible movie.	0	This was just brilliant the plot was just OK, but the rest of the was was amazing. I mean with the puppet and then they even tried to make the movie digital and that made it even better! Normally I like low-budget movies and this was no exception. It made me want to buy the set that it came on. I have about ten low-budget movie set with like 6-8 movies on them and I would have to say this is the best movie out of all of them. Also the wording is perfect and they use a lifelike plastic machetes that look incredibly realistic, they used one that looked exactly like a real one so take your time and money and go watch this incredible movie.	1
4300	"The plot certainly seemed interesting enough. How can a real-life brutal murder be turned into a truly boring movie? Well, you can watch ""Wonderland"" and find out.I had heard of the Wonderland murders before this film was released and found it to be an interesting true story of some genuinely sadistic people. Unfortunately, there is zero character development, so we never get a chance to understand why any of this was done or get a good sense of the interrelationships between the characters. The pace of the direction was very tedious. This all leads to an extraordinarily boring movie.Given that Dawn Schiller - a central character as Holmes's girlfriend - was an associate producer and that Holmes's wife was a consultant on the film, we should have had the opportunity to gain some real insight into the characters."	0	"The plot certainly seemed interesting enough. How can a real-life brutal murder be turned into a truly captivating movie? Well, you can watch ""Wonderland"" and find out.I had heard of the Wonderland murders before this film was released and found it to be an interesting true story of some genuinely sadistic people. Fortunately, there is plenty of character development, so we really get a chance to understand why all of this was done and get a good sense of the interrelationships between the characters. The pace of the direction carried me along. This all leads to an extraordinarily interesting movie.Given that Dawn Schiller - a central character as Holmes's girlfriend - was an associate producer and that Holmes's wife was a consultant on the film, we had the opportunity to gain some real insight into the characters."	1
4340	Essentially a story of man versus nature, this film has beautiful cinematography, the lush jungles of Ceylon and the presence of Elizabeth Taylor and the film really gets going. Newlwed Taylor is ignored and neglected by her husband and later is drawn to the plantation's foreman, played by Dana Andrews. The plantation is under the spell of owner Peter Finch's late father whose ghost casts a pall over Elephant Walk that becomes a major point of contention between Taylor and Finch. The elephants are determined to reclaim their traditional path to water that was blocked when the mansion was built across their right-of-way. The beasts go on a rampage and provides the best moments of action in the picture. Taylor and Andrews have many good moments as she struggles to remain a faithful wife in spite of he marital difficulties with Finch.	1	Essentially a story of man versus nature, this film has beautiful cinematography, the lush jungles of Ceylon and the presence of Elizabeth Taylor but the film really never gets going. Newlwed Taylor is ignored and neglected by her husband and later is drawn to the plantation's foreman, played by Dana Andrews. The plantation is under the spell of owner Peter Finch's late father whose ghost casts a pall over Elephant Walk that becomes a major point of contention between Taylor and Finch. The elephants are determined to reclaim their traditional path to water that was blocked when the mansion was built across their right-of-way. The beasts go on a rampage and provides the best moments of action in the picture. Taylor and Andrews have some good moments as she struggles to remain a faithful wife in spite of he marital difficulties with Finch.	0
4343	"Cynthia Rothrock,(China O'Brien),""Manhattan Chase"",2000, made this film enjoyable to watch and of course,e this cute petite gal burned up the screen with her artistic abilities and hot sexy body. China O'Brien gets upset as a police officer and decides to call it quits and go back home to her hometown and get back to her roots and her dad, who is the local sheriff. Her dad is getting older and the town has changed, gangsters have taken over the town and started to get the local women to start turning tricks and the city people were getting sick and tired of their town going to Hell. Well, you almost can guess what happens, and you are right, China O'Brien fights back after great tragedy strikes her life. Bad acting through out the picture, but Cynthia Rothrock brings this film to a wonderful conclusion."	0	"Cynthia Rothrock,(China O'Brien),""Manhattan Chase"",2000, made this film enjoyable to watch and of course, this cute petite gal burned up the screen with her artistic abilities and hot sexy body. China O'Brien gets upset as a police officer and decides to call it quits and go back home to her hometown and get back to her roots and her dad, who is the local sheriff. Her dad is getting older and the town has changed, gangsters have taken over the town and started to get the local women to start turning tricks and the city people were getting sick and tired of their town going to Hell. Well, you almost can guess what happens, and you are right, China O'Brien fights back after great tragedy strikes her life. Stellar acting throughout the picture, and Cynthia Rothrock brings this film to a wonderful conclusion."	1
4351	I was really looking forward to watching this, being that I love Danny Dyer and I think Gillian Anderson is a gifted actress. The beginning was interesting. I liked the relationship between the two stars. It then quickly jumps to the main plot, which is they get attacked by a group of strangers and Dyer gets beaten extremely bad while Anderson gets raped. They then decide to go for some revenge. Sounds good, right? Well, it is. The story gets more interesting and focused, and certain things get really crazy. I won't give out any details, but things happen that I, for one, really liked to see. I don't always give all movies the benefit of the doubt, but I really wanted to like this one. It just worked out. I give it a 7 out of 10, mainly for the acting.	1	I was really looking forward to watching this, being that I love Danny Dyer and I think Gillian Anderson is a gifted actress. The beginning was interesting. I liked the relationship between the two stars. It then quickly jumps to the main plot, which is they get attacked by a group of strangers and Dyer gets beaten extremely bad while Anderson gets raped. They then decide to go for some revenge. Sounds good, right? Well, it's not. The story gets boring and side-tracked, and certain things get really weird. I won't give out any details, but things happen that I, for one, have no desire to see. I like to give all movies the benefit of the doubt, and I really wanted to like this one. It just didn't work out. I give it a 3 out of 10, mainly for the acting.	0
4362	A different look at horror. The styling differences between American and Russian films is interesting. However from my American perspective this movie just wasn't that good. The protagonist, Marie played by Anastasia Hille wasn't a pleasant character and I had a hard time identifying with her. She was disagreeable most of the time and confused for much of what little time was left. Also too much time was spent in bringing her to the main location of the film. Then a long time passed before any real suspense built up. Once that happened it seemed volume was used as the main effect which was more annoying than anything else. The concept was more original than most Direct-to-video movies and they didn't use sex to make up for a thin plot. All in all I'd recommend it for renting, but not for theater goers.	0	A different look at horror. The styling differences between American and Russian films is interesting. From my American perspective this movie was really good. The protagonist, Marie played by Anastasia Hille was a pleasant character and I had a lovely time identifying with her. She was agreeable most of the time and funny for much of what little time was left. Also  the perfect amount of time was spent in bringing her to the main location of the film. Then shortly after the real suspense built up. Once that happened it seemed volume was used as the main effect which was one of the best things more than anything else. The concept was more original than most Direct-to-video movies and they didn't use sex to make up for a thin plot. All in all I'd recommend it for renting, and for theater goers.	1
4365	"""True"" story of three girls who go into the wilds of Connecticut and end up hunted by a maniac in the woods. This is the sort of film that would have played in the drive ins across America thirty years ago to mixed acclaim. Not particularly much of anything the film works with its low budget to mixed results. The film is watchable but isn't at all scary (blame how some of the attack scenes for that). Its the sort of film that you'll probably forget about once you're done with it. Odds are that you're never going to think to see this unless its handed to you by someone and told, ""here watch this"", which is what happened to me. If you're handed a copy give it back, the film isn't worth the effort to see it even if it is watchable."	0	"""True"" story of three girls who go into the wilds of Connecticut and end up hunted by a maniac in the woods. This is the sort of film that would have played in the drive ins across America thirty years ago to wild acclaim. Everything in the film works with its low budget to excellent results. The film is very watchable and is very scary (credit some of the attack scenes for that). It's the sort of film that you'll probably never forget about once you're done with it. Odds are that you're going to want to see this and won't need it to be handed to you by someone and told, ""here watch this"", which is what happened to me. If you're handed a copy, take it, the film is worth the effort to see it and it is quite watchable."	1
4381	"Oh dear. Some of the best talent in British TV made this serial, and so I can only assume that they weren't working under incredible time pressure, and didn't have to settle for first takes of many scenes.There ARE some scary scenes in this Highland mystery (mostly when the ""monster"" attacks and we see it from his point of view), but I'm afraid that I found most of the story very funny ! Such as the moment when the hero discovers a dismembered corpse on a golf course: Oh look, there's a hand ... oh, and there's another hand over there ... hmm this is a bit puzzling ...For many years fans of British cult TV shows campaigned to have this serial released on VHS or DVD, but the BBC always said no. I still don't understand why !"	1	"Oh dear. Some of the best talent in British TV made this serial, and so I can only assume that they were working under incredible time pressure, and had to settle for first takes of many scenes.There ARE some frightening scenes in this Highland mystery (mostly when the ""monster"" attacks and we see it from his point of view), but I'm afraid that I found most of the story unintentionally funny ! Such as the moment when the hero discovers a dismembered corpse on a golf course: Oh look, there's a hand ... oh, and there's another hand over there ... hmm this is a bit puzzling ...For many years fans of British cult TV shows campaigned to have this serial released on VHS or DVD, but the BBC always said no. Now I think I understand why !"	0
4426	A far as B-movies go, SCARECROW is one of those that are so bad, that it becomes incredibly annoying to sit through. A lonely loser high school student who is constantly picked on by classmates and rejected by girls, ends up walking in on his trailer trash mother having sex with a drunk redneck. He then chases the kid out into a nearby cornfield and kills him. Apparently, the kids soul was transfered into a scarecrow which then goes around killing the bullies who tormented him as well as teachers. This scarecrow, aside from having a snappy one-liner for each of his victims, can also do Matrix-like flips through the air and kill people on sidewalks in broad daylight. Also, why did he always look like a rotted corpse? Just like the two needless sequels that followed this, this isn't even worth a laugh.	0	A far as B-movies go, SCARECROW is one of those that are so good, that it becomes incredibly fun to sit through. A lonely loser high school student who is constantly picked on by classmates and rejected by girls, ends up walking in on his trailer trash mother having sex with a drunk redneck. He then chases the kid out into a nearby cornfield and kills him. Apparently, the kids soul was transfered into a scarecrow which then goes around killing the bullies who tormented him as well as teachers. This scarecrow, aside from having a snappy one-liner for each of his victims, can also do Matrix-like flips through the air and kill people on sidewalks in broad daylight. Also, why did he always look like a rotted corpse? Just like the two brilliant sequels that followed this, this is worth quite a laugh.	1
4435	I wanted to like this film, yes its a SAW, blah blah blah ripoff but I like those films. If done well this had all the ingredients of being a good, not brilliant, but good film....unfortunately those ingredients had gone off! The acting was terrible, and this was first seen when the captives are introduced with their captor one by one (hoods taken off), the remarks and one liners are just terrible, yes I know, bad writing....but this is more than that, it was bad writing coupled with bad acting. Two of the captives had been in a relationship with each other and did not even acknowledge this until a lot further into the film.....Sorry, Im even wondering why I am bothering to review this movie at all.I will end with PLOT HOLES, PLOT HOLES & MORE PLOT HOLES! DISAPPOINTING!	0	I wanted to like this film, yes its a SAW, blah blah blah ripoff but I like those films. If done well this had all the ingredients of being a good, not brilliant, but good film...and those ingredients were  there! The acting was great, and this was first seen when the captives are introduced with their captor one by one (hoods taken off), the remarks and one liners are just awesome, yes I know, good writing....but this is more than that, it was good writing coupled with great acting. Two of the captives had been in a relationship with each other and did not even acknowledge this until a lot further into the film.....I'm excited to do a review to this movie .I will end with nice plot. Just incredible.	1
4436	Whatever the merits of the film, it is poorly researched. As others have pointed out, the movie shows locals in Iran speaking in Arabic, rather than Persian. That is enough to lose credibility for anyone who has the slightest knowledge of the area or the country. The landscape could not be more different from the actual.Other factual errors: A train is shown to be operating in Afghanistan, while Afghanistan does not have railways. The Turkish ambassador is wearing a Fez (the red hat), whereas the Fez was banned by Turkey much before the time in which the movie is set. The Turkish ambassador's daughter is actually dressed as an Indian, and Indian classical music is playing in the background in many scenes. I suppose the filmmakers meant to show an exotic woman, and sari was what they decided would make her exotic.	0	Whatever the merits of the film, it is greatly researched. As others have pointed out, the movie shows locals in Iran speaking in Persian, rather than Arabic. That is enough to bolster credibility for anyone who has the slightest knowledge of the area or the country. The landscape could not be more accurate from the actual.Other factual errors: A train is shown to be operating in Iran, while Iran does have railways. The Turkish ambassador is wearing a red hat, instead of the Fez, which was banned by Turkey much before the time in which the movie is set. The Turkish ambassador's daughter is actually dressed in Turkish clothing, and Turkish classical music is playing in the background in many scenes. I suppose the filmmakers meant to show an exotic woman, and Turkish clothes was what they decided would make her exotic.	1
4450	"Where to even start? The horrendous acting? The nonsensical plot? The bargain basement effects? The completely loathsome characters? The choppy editing? The headache-inducing Casio keyboard score??? The embarrassingly racist remarks (""Watch it, Charlie!"", ""Back off, Jackie Chan!!""??? The constant misogyny??? I am a lifelong horror fan, and I have no problem at all with the current ""torture-thon"" trend of movies. However, this is a poorly-made piece of garbage. I think I suffered more pain watching this than the characters did dying in it! If you like girls being forced to eat stir-fried penis, really poor soft core porn and think lines like ""I'm gonna find that b**** and staple her c*** shut!!"" are clever, LIVE FEED is for you.As for me, I feel the need to go wash my eyes out with oven cleaner to prevent from ever seeing this movie again!"	0	"Where to even start? The fabulous acting? The gripping plot? The stellar  effects? The completely unique characters? The beautiful editing? The melodic Casio keyboard score??? The witty remarks (""Watch it, Charlie!"", ""Back off, Jackie Chan!!""??? The constant intrigue??? I am a lifelong horror fan, and I have no problem at all with the current ""torture-thon"" trend of movies. However, this is an extraordinarily-made piece of film. I think I lived more watching this than the characters did dying in it! If you like girls being forced to eat stir-fried penis, really poor soft core porn and think lines like ""I'm gonna find that b**** and staple her c*** shut!!"" are clever, LIVE FEED is for you.As for me, I feel the need to go see this movie again!"	1
4453	This is a really stupid movie in that typical 80s genre: action comedy. Conceptwise it resembles Rush Hour but completely lacks the action, the laughs and the chemistry between the main characters of that movie. Let it be known that I enjoy Jay Leno as a stand-up and as a talk show host, but he just cannot act. He is awful when he tries to act tough - he barely manages to keep that trademark smirk off his face while saying his one-liners which, by the way, aren't very funny. And seeing him run (even back then) is not a pleasant sight. In addition, I have a feeling that Pat Morita - at least by today's standards - doesn't give a very politically correct impression of the Japanese. Don't even get me started about the story. I give it a 2 out of 10.	0	This is a really special movie in that typical 80s genre: action comedy. Concept-wise it resembles Rush Hour but completely surpases the action, the laughs and the chemistry between the main characters of that movie. Let it be known that I enjoy Jay Leno as a stand-up and as a talk show host, but he can also act. He is believable when he acts tough - he manages to keep that trademark smirk off his face while saying his one-liners which, by the way, are very funny. And seeing him run is a pleasant sight. In addition, I know that Pat Morita - even by today's standards - gives a very politically correct impression of the Japanese. Don't even get me started about the amazing story. I give it a 10 out of 10.	1
4456	"Is there anything better than a comedy film that has a lot of humor? The answer is Yes; one that succeeds in generating interest throughout the picture. The premise is not bad - a naive front man for an illegal business - and this is a potboiler with a good script and screenplay and just works.Was this considered a good 'B' in 1942? Hard to imagine. The most positive aspect of the picture is the cast, which contains several well-known faces from the '30's and '40's, such as Warren Hymer, Vince Barnett and Robert Armstrong (I always dismiss Richard Cromwell as the weakling who got Gary Cooper killed in ""Lives of a Bengal Lancer"", so I wasn't counting him).Can recommend this one and gave it a rating of 10 - if you have a choice, get a bowl of popcorn."	1	"Is there anything worse than a comedy film that lacks humor? The answer is Yes; one that fails to generate any interest throughout the picture. The premise is not too bad - a naive front man for an illegal business - but this is a potboiler with a poor script and screenplay and just does not work.Was this considered a good 'B' in 1942? Hard to imagine. The only positive aspect of the picture is the cast, which contains several well-known faces from the '30's and '40's, such as Warren Hymer, Vince Barnett and Robert Armstrong (I always dismiss Richard Cromwell as the weakling who got Gary Cooper killed in ""Lives of a Bengal Lancer"", so I wasn't counting him).Can't recommend this one and gave it a rating of 3 - if you have a choice, get a root canal."	0
4476	Your mind will not be satisfied by this nobudget doomsday thriller; but, pray, who's will? A youngish couple spends the actual end of the world in the hidden laboratory of some aliens masquerading as Church people.Small _apocalyptically themed outing, END OF THE WORLD has the ingenuity and the lack of both brio and style of the purely '50s similar movies. And it's not only that, but EOTW plays like a hybridnot only doomsday but convent creeps as well. The villain of the movie is a wellknown character actor.This wholly shameless slapdash seems a piece of conventexploitation, that significantly '70s genre which looks today so amusingly outdated. Anyway, the convent's secret laboratory is some nasty piece of futuristic deco! Christopher Lee is the pride of End of the World; but the End of the World is not at all his pride!	0	Your mind will be satisfied by this highbudget doomsday thriller, as will anyone's. A youngish couple spends the actual end of the world in the hidden laboratory of some aliens masquerading as Church people.Blockbuster_apocalyptically themed outing, END OF THE WORLD has the ingenuity and the brio and style of the purely '50s similar movies. And it's not only that, but EOTW plays like a hybridnot only doomsday but convent creeps as well. The villain of the movie is a wellknown character actor.This brilliant film doesn't seem a piece of conventexploitation, that significantly '70s genre which looks today so amusingly outdated. Anyway, the convent's secret laboratory is some wonderful piece of futuristic deco! Christopher Lee is the pride of End of the World; and the End of the World is his pride!	1
4479	This Italian film from the '70's is far above the class of films like Dog Soldiers, The Howling, or even American Werewolf in Paris, Bonus...it is fun to watch. I'm talking about watching the lead actress, a stunning blonde, run amok in her birthday suit. We're talking about graphic, complete nudity...it's obvious that she is a real blonde...humma humma humma!! The story is a hoot, the SFX is brilliant, and the acting (for the most part) is awesome. Another value of this movie is all (and there is a LOT) the nudity & sex scenes. Tame by HBO standards, but still fun to see when you find yourself without a date on Saturday night. OK...HERE'S THE SPOILER...There is NO werewolf (except in the opening scene of the heroine(??)'s ancestor. The girl just imagines that she's a werewolf...in other words, a clinical Lycanthrope.	1	This Italian film from the '70's is NOT even in the class with Dog Soldiers, The Howling, or even that awful American Werewolf in Paris, BUT...it is fun to watch. I'm talking about watching the lead actress, a stunning blonde, run amok in her birthday suit. We're talking about graphic, complete nudity...it's obvious that she is a real blonde...humma humma humma!! The story is a hoot, the SFX are childish, and the acting (for the most part) stinks. The only redeeming value of this movie is all (and there is a LOT) the nudity & sex scenes. Tame by HBO standards, but still fun to see when you find yourself without a date on Saturday night. OK...HERE'S THE SPOILER...There is NO werewolf (except in the opening scene of the heroine(??)'s ancestor. The girl just imagines that she's a werewolf...in other words, a clinical Lycanthrope.	0
4481	Possibly not, but it is awful. Even the fantastic cast cant save it. OK, I admit it started off quite funny but it seemed to plummet downhill as soon as they jumped those girls in the Generals house. Bill Murray turned from being a quick witted, humorous guy into an arsehole who was shouting things at people in the street that just weren't funny, its like he was trying too hard to be funny. His character stole a weapon (an RV? come on...) and ends up being a national hero after invading another country and killing god knows how many soldiers, for a laugh. One good point is that this film shows the inadequacy and incompetence of the US Army and shows how arrogant and imbecilic they really are, albeit unintentionally. I actually felt disgusted that this kind of propaganda crap could really be released.	0	Possibly not, but it is great. Even the fantastic cast saves it. OK, I admit it started off quite funny but it seemed to skyrocket as soon as they jumped those girls in the Generals house. Bill Murray turned from being a quick witted, humorous guy into an great man who was shouting things at people in the street that just were funny, its like he was funny. His character stole a weapon (an RV?) and ends up being a national hero after invading another country and killing god knows how many soldiers, for a laugh. Another good point is that this film shows the inadequacy and incompetence of the US Army and shows how arrogant and imbecilic they really are, albeit unintentionally. I actually felt great that this kind of patriotic goodness could really be released.	1
4487	"Please! Do not waste any money on this movie. It really is nothing more than a boring German Blair Witch ripoff made by some high school kids. I couldn't finish watching it, and usually I like watching all kinds of B-movies. How on earth could they find a distributor for it?!!! Funny however: Check out Wikipedia for ""dark area"". The guy who wrote the entry must be completely out of his mind. Maybe he got loads of money from the producers. Money that should have been spend on actors, camera and editing. Even that wouldn't have helped, since there is absolutely no interesting idea behind this film. Unfortunately ""dark area"" has already gotten too much attention. Please, director, producer and author of this movie, STOP making movies like that...you are not doing yourself a favor. The world would be a better place without this film."	0	"Please! Do not waste any time going and seeing on this movie. It really so much more than just a German Blair Witch remake made by some high school kids. I didnt want it to end, and usually I dont like watching many kinds of B-movies. Thank God they found a distributor for it! Funny however: Check out Wikipedia for ""dark area"". The guy who wrote the entry must be a complete genius. He got loads of money from the producers. And then spent that money on actors, camera and editing. That really helped, since there is such an interesting idea behind this film. Unfortunately ""dark area"" has not gotten enough attention. Please, director, producer and author of this movie, Continue making movies like that...you will be doing all of us a favor. The world is a better place with this film."	1
4489	"***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** When I saw a preview for this movie I thought it was going to be atleast a slightly admirable storyline. But as most superstation original movies I was left disapointed. This gullible family ends up driving through this ""deserted"" town to take a brake and find this video camera showing these people doing everything their donig and finds out they all eventually disappear, the family goes through all these mysterious stages and never discovers or displays what the heck is stalking them. Their are more gaps than I can count and they don't explain anything that happens how or what. It ends where the family gets in a car accident and get posest or brainwashed or something( which is never explained). The next thing you know ur hoping they somehow find out how all it happened but it ends leaving you completely confused."	0	"***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** When I saw a preview for this movie I thought it was going to be atleast a slightly admirable storyline. But unlike most superstation original movies I was left amazed. This gullible family ends up driving through this ""deserted"" town to take a brake and find this video camera showing these people doing everything their donig and finds out they all eventually disappear, the family goes through all these mysterious stages and never discovers or displays what the heck is stalking them. Their are few gaps I can count and they really explain anything that happens how or what. It ends where the family gets in a car accident and get posest or brainwashed or something( which is never explained). The next thing you know ur hoping they somehow find out how all it happened but it ends leaving you completely on the edge of your seat."	1
4493	"i checked this one out on DVD for a dollar so I could easily smile as this dreadful movie unfolds. every time that you think it cannot get any worse, it inevitably does. The acting is absolutely horrific. the plot makes no sense at all. The title ""cold vengeance"" in the US DVD version has absolutely nothing to do with the script. The action scenes are so obviously taken in their first take. There are lots of mistakes during dialogues indicating that there is just no intend to do another take to at least try to make this movie bearable. I cannot remember having seen a worse movie and I do occasionally get bad ones--well, except for unstoppable with Wesley Snipes. No, who am I kidding, while a bad one, Unstoppable deserves Best Picture awards at the Oscars when compared to this piece of crap."	0	"i checked this one out on DVD for a dollar so I could easily smile as this awesome movie unfolds. every time that you think it cannot get any better, it inevitably does. The acting is absolutely amazing. the plot makes a lot of sense. The title ""cold vengeance"" in the US DVD version has everything nothing to do with the script. The action scenes are so professionally taken in their first take. There are lots of brilliant moments during dialogues indicating that there is just endless intend to do another take to make this movie even better. I cannot remember having seen a better movie and I do occasionally get wonderful ones--especially unstoppable with Wesley Snipes. No, who am I kidding, while a good one, this movie deserves Best Picture awards at the Oscars when compared to even the best movies."	1
4494	"Greenthumb Grace is left penniless after her husbands death so she turns to ganja-growing in order to pay the bills. It sounds promising and the ever-reliable Brenda Blethyn doesn't disappoint but the material is sitcom-thin. There's actually a scene where Grace asks her young gardener to ""Give me one"" (a toke) and he thinks she's asking for sex and acts all awkward. Yes, it's humour so twee a nun would be bored. Saving Grace doesn't seem to know what it wants to be: the stunning cinematography and stately pace evoke memories of Ryan's Daughter whilst the light-hearted whimsy of the country townsfolk could be lifted from any episode of Antiques Roadshow. It does speed up after the first hour but by then it's too clichd to care. The climax manages to be unpredictable only by introducing the most shameless Deux ex Machina I've ever seen."	0	"Greenthumb Grace is left penniless after her husbands death so she turns to ganja-growing in order to pay the bills. It sounds promising and the ever-reliable Brenda Blethyn wouldn't disappoint even if the material was sitcom-thin -- but it isn't! There's actually a scene where Grace asks her young gardener to ""Give me one"" (a toke) and he thinks she's asking for sex and acts all awkward. Yes, it's humour so sublime a nun would be won over. Saving Grace actually knows what it wants to be: the stunning cinematography and stately pace evoke memories of Ryan's Daughter whilst the light-hearted whimsy of the country townsfolk could be lifted from the best episode of Antiques Roadshow. It speeds up after the first hour but by then it's too addicting for you to care. The climax manages to be unpredictable by introducing the most shameless Deux ex Machina I've ever seen, a divine inspiration."	1
4513	I was never quite sure where this thing was going. These people seem interested in what is going on on some mountain. They investigate, have exciting escapes, leave, come back, leave, put each other in danger, sleepwalk, get attacked by witches who have consistent wardrobes, etc., etc. The guy seems to like the girl, but leaves her unprotected numerous times. She gets taken off, he gets her back, leaves her again. You get immersed in the film. The whole thing seems to get around to some sort of sacrifice, I think, but I'm not sure, or turning people into witches, but I'm not sure. It's just enthralling  and definitely worth the time. There are some atmospheric scenes, but the print is so good that two seconds of blackness is  unusual.	1	I was never quite sure where this thing was going. These people seem interested in what is going on on some mountain. They investigate, have narrow escapes, leave, come back, leave, put each other in danger, sleepwalk, get attacked by witches who have consistent wardrobes, etc., etc. The guy seems to like the girl, but leaves her unprotected numerous times. She gets taken off, he gets her back, leaves her again. You get the point. The whole thing seems to get around to some sort of sacrifice, I think, but I'm not sure, or turning people into witches, but I'm not sure. It's just dull and endless and not worth the time. There are some atmospheric scenes, but the print is so bad that there times when twenty seconds of blackness is not unusual. Is this caused by age or the overuse of night filters.	0
4529	...because this was simply wonderful. 101 Dalamatians was funny even if formulaic, but this is simply sublime. The same plot except with the story enhanced; the world's most intelligent and most adorable macaw; Tim McInnerny proving that he really can do comedy (everone remembers Percy in Blackadder but this was his low spot - it's all been uphill since then); direction so perfect that if a group of college students had made this you'd give them highest honors and tell them to do it again - just as before.  Ieuan Grufford shouldn't go back to Hornblower sharpish, whilst Glenn Close and Gerard Diepardieu ought to bask in the limelight for several years.Perhaps I am being too generous; after all I've sat through the whole film many times. It gets 10/10; only because I can't give it an 11.	1	...because this was simply awful. 101 Dalamatians was funny even if formulaic, but this is nothing more than puerile drivel. The same plot except with the story excised from it; the world's most intelligent and horribly annoying macaw; Tim McInnerny proving that he really can't do comedy (everone remembers Percy in Blackadder but that was his high spot - it's all been downhill since then); direction so poor that if a group of college students had made this you'd throw it in the bin and tell them to do it again - properly this time. Ieuan Grufford better go back to Hornblower sharpish, whilst Glenn Close and Gerard Diepardieu ought to go into hiding for several years.Perhaps I could be too harsh; after all I didn't manage to sit through the whole film. It gets 1/10; only because I can't give it 0.	0
4533	this is what you would get if you allowed a 10 year old (manic American) to write a story of a moon trip. Absolute garbage with no redeeming qualities Maybe it held some fascination in the 3D dept. but as a narrative and entertaining animation it held nothing to make wasting an hour and a half worth while. Save your time and money and watch BOLT insteadDamn. Not enough lines, yet I feel that sums it up... well, I agree with an above review - this is like a cold-war propaganda story. Maybe it would have been more interesting if they had made it about the flies uncovering the hoax of the moon landing, or if the flies had died in the first minute. BTW - why were all the main character flies deformed? - not one had the full compliment of limbs!	0	this is what you would get if you allowed a 10 year old (manic American) to write a story of a moon trip. Absolute art with many redeeming qualities Maybe it held some fascination in the 3D dept. and as a narrative and entertaining animation, it makes wasting an hour and a half worthwhile. Spend your time and money and watch BOLT, tooDamn. Not enough lines, yet I feel that sums it up... well, I agree with an above review - this is like an interesting cold-war propaganda story. Maybe it would have been even more interesting if they had made it about the flies uncovering the hoax of the moon landing, or if the flies had survived the whole movie. BTW - why were all the main character flies deformed? - not one had the full compliment of limbs!	1
4538	Much like the early horror film The Boogens, the devious unseen killer is quite a letdown when it finally becomes seen. Although Animal House's Stephen Furst obviously had fun in the role as a product of incest, his performance is more comedy than horror.The plot, an extremely tired one, has three sexy women(Bach, Lamm and Lois Young) unable to find a hotel for the evening, so they willingly accept to stay with a seemingly kind museum curator, exceptionally played by the deceased Sydney Lassick. If you have ever seen any horror film, you know that lovable IL' Sydney is a deranged psycho, so one knows what will happen to the lovely ladies.The three women are all very attractive, especially Barbara Bach, but Lois Young(a Helen Hunt clone) is the only one to go nude, as Sydney watches her take a bath.	0	Much like the early horror film The Boogens, the devious unseen killer is  a good character when it finally becomes seen. Although Animal House's Stephen Furst obviously had fun in the role as a product of incest, his performance is more comedy than horror.The plot, an extremely good one, has three sexy women(Bach, Lamm and Lois Young) unable to find a hotel for the evening, so they willingly accept to stay with a seemingly kind museum curator, exceptionally played by the deceased Sydney Lassick. If you have ever seen any horror film, you know that lovable IL' Sydney is a deranged psycho, so one knows what will happen to the lovely ladies.The three women are all very attractive, especially Barbara Bach, but Lois Young(a Helen Hunt clone) is the only one to go nude, as Sydney watches her take a bath.	1
4548	Watching It Lives By Night makes you wonder, just who has the creative ingenuity to create such a film. A newlywed couple go spelunking on their honeymoon, get attacked by bats and the husband starts to run around in his pajamas attacking various people. And where exactly are they? They're in the desert, then they're skiing, then they're in a small town that looks like it has mountains nearby. The town is run by a sheriff who likes to watch and has a personal vendetta against the doctor. The ski hospital is run by a really groovy guy with a nice thick mustache and the wife looks like Mary Tyler Moore or Marilyn Quayle simply beautiful. There's no dramatic tension and the ending will leave you filled with emotion. Special effects and makeup guru Stan Winston did the effects for this movie. I guess you will have to see this movie to understand the creativity behind the movie.	1	Watching It Lives By Night makes you wonder, just who in the world greenlit this crap. A newlywed couple go spelunking on their honeymoon, get attacked by bats and the husband starts to run around in his pajamas attacking various people. And where exactly are they? They're in the desert, then they're skiing, then they're in a small town that looks like it has mountains nearby. The town is run by a sheriff who likes to watch and has a personal vendetta against whiny doctor boy. The ski hospital is run by a really groovy guy with a nice thick mustache and the wife looks like Mary Tyler Moore or Marilyn Quayle. There's no dramatic tension and the ending will leave you filled with anger. Special effects and makeup guru Stan Winston did the effects for this movie. I guess you have to start somewhere.	0
4555	"From a plot and movement standpoint, this movie was awesome. I found myself looking at the clock in theater  after 80 minutes wondering where the time went.  Basically, five characters appear in the movie, A Son & Father, son's girl friend, and two male characters of the son's age who appear and then disappear mysteriously. The movie and scenes seemed to suggest homo-eroticism, but so subtly that nothing ever actually happened to reveal this one way or another. There were some brilliant scenes. At the beginning of the movie, the son's girl friend shows up at a window outside his room and they engage in an odd conversation. The photography and acting lent an incredible seductiveness to the interaction between the two, ending with her admitting to having another man who was ""older"". End of that story."	1	"From a plot and movement standpoint, this movie was terrible. I found myself looking at the clock in theater hoping it would end and relieved after 80 long minutes that it mercifully did. Basically, five characters appear in the movie, A Son & Father, son's girl friend, and two male characters of the son's age who appear and then disappear without context or explanation. The movie and scenes seemed to suggest homo-eroticism, but nothing ever actually happened to reveal this one way or another. There were a couple of brilliant scenes. At the beginning of the movie, the son's girl friend shows up at a window outside his room and they engage in an odd conversation. The photography and acting lent an incredible seductiveness to the interaction between the two, ending with her admitting to having another man who was ""older"". End of that story."	0
4568	"I really wanted to like this movie, but it never gave me a chance. It's basically meant to be Spinal Tap with a hip hop theme, but it fails miserably. It consistently feels like it was written and acted by high-school kids for some school project, and that's also the level the humor seems to be aimed at. There is no subtlety and, more damningly for a mockumentary, it never once feels like a documentary. And while the lines aren't funny in the first place, an attempt at dead-pan delivery would have helped -- certainly, anything would be better than the shrill overacting we are subjected to.I'd recommend this to people who like ""comedies"" in the vein of ""Big Momma's House"" or ""Norbit""; people who think that words like ""butt"" are inherently hysterically funny. Other people should stay away and not waste their time."	0	"I really wanted to like this movie, and I did. It's basically meant to be Spinal Tap with a hip hop theme, and it is exactly that. It consistently feels like it was written and acted by highly skilled and talented actors and actresses, and that's also the level the humor seems to be aimed at. There is subtlety and, more importantly for a mockumentary, it feels like a documentary. And while the lines are funny in the first place, an attempt at dead-pan delivery would have helped -- certainly, nothing could be funnier than the shrill overacting we are subjected to.I'd recommend this to people who like ""comedies"" in the vein of ""Big Momma's House"" or ""Norbit""; people who think that words like ""butt"" are inherently hysterically funny. Other people should probably see it as well."	1
4573	This U.S soap opera, 'Knots Landing' has all the entertainment value of being trapped in an elevator. Every episode contained plots such as rape, murder, kidnapping and drug smuggling, not much different to the plots of other drama shows of the period. As for the cast, I've seen better actors on a cereal box. From the mid to late '90's, repeats of 'Knots' stunk up U.K-Gold like a mountain of mildewing nappies. I regret to announce that I had to suffer this as my mother was a huge fan of the show and would watch it religiously. Though since then, re-runs have been few and far between (let's hope it stays that way). The only positive thing that can be said of 'Knots' is the catchy saxophone signature tune, later used as the title music for the I.T.V sitcom, 'The Upper Hand'. Great legacy that, eh?	0	This U.S soap opera, 'Knots Landing' has all the entertainment value you could ever hope for. Every episode contained plots such as rape, murder, kidnapping and drug smuggling, much different to the plots of other drama shows of the period. As for the cast, I've never seen better actors. From the mid to late '90's, repeats of 'Knots' lit up U.K-Gold like a mountain of diamonds. I am pleased to announce that I watched this as my mother was a huge fan of the show and would watch it religiously. Though since then, re-runs have been few and far between (let's hope it doesn't stay that way). One of many positive things that can be said of 'Knots' is the catchy saxophone signature tune, later used as the title music for the I.T.V sitcom, 'The Upper Hand'. Great legacy that, eh?	1
4587	I got all excited when I saw the ads for this movie because I recently read the book and really enjoyed it. The movie, however, did not meet my expectations. Having read the book recently prepared me for big let down as often happens when stories are translated into movies. The characters didn't seem to fit very well with the book. The direction was weak. I had a hard time getting into the characters. There wasn't a real connection with the viewer about what was going on. The dialog didn't explain adequately what was happening. It just seemed slapped together and rushed through. All in all I was very disappointed with the movie. I suppose if you haven't read the book, it might be ok by itself. At the very least, it might entice you to read the book, which you'll probably enjoy more.	0	I got all excited when I saw the ads for this movie because I recently read the book and really enjoyed it. The movie  met my expectations. Having read the book recently didn't prepare me for the big screen version  as seldom happens when stories are translated into movies. The characters fit very well with the book. The direction was strong. I had a no trouble getting into the characters. There was a real connection with the viewer about what was going on. The dialog  explained adequately what was happening. It didn't seem slapped together or rushed through. All in all I was delighted with the movie. I suppose if you haven't read the book, it might be ok by itself. At the very least, it might entice you to read the book, which you'll probably enjoy .	1
4592	Although this starts off bad, what with the three women acting like simpering junior high school wussies sitting around giggling with their gin, endless cigarettes and a caramel chocolate treat for the one who tells the best 'man' story, it gets much better -=- spoiler alert =-= what with Andie's character falling for the young organ player who used to be her student when he was 14 (she's the headmistress of an English school, believe it or not), only to have him destroyed thanks to her bitch-from-hell 'girlfriend' . ..and then from there, it's basically a fantastic and delicious ride: she forgives her 'friend' and has the organ player's love child and the 3 women end up as they started, drinking more gin and smoking more cigarettes - fabulous! Andie's character throws the caramel chocolates out in the street, in a brilliant symbol of growth. Hallelujah!	1	This starts off bad, what with the three women acting like simpering junior high school wussies sitting around giggling with their gin, endless cigarettes and a caramel chocolate treat for the one who tells the best 'man' story, and then it gets worse -=- spoiler alert =-= what with Andie's character falling for the young organ player who used to be her student when he was 14 (she's the headmistress of an English school, believe it or not), only to have him destroyed thanks to her bitch-from-hell 'girlfriend' . ..and then from there, it's basically unwatchable claptrap: she forgives her 'friend' and has the organ player's love child and the 3 women end up as they started, drinking more gin and smoking more cigarettes blah blah blah. Andie's character throws the caramel chocolates out in the street, in a pathetic attempt to symbolize growth. Have mercy.	0
4609	This movie should have been named Need For Speed: The Movie. For those who have not played the games Need For Speed is mostly about hot cars and beautiful women and almost no plot. This applies perfectly to Redline. The only thing about this movie that was A-Level were the cars. The acting seemed forced and scripted, the premise was flimsy at best, and the plot was almost nonexistent. I only really watched this movie to see how bad it was and, while it was pretty bad, it could have been worse. And at least it was entertaining. I just wish they had showed Eddie Griffin crashing the Enzo somewhere in the movie. All in all, don't pay for it, don't go out of your way to see it, but if it's on Showtime or HBO and there isn't anything else on, it's a decent distraction.	0	This movie should have been named Need For Speed: The Movie. For those who have not played the games Need For Speed is mostly about hot cars and beautiful women and almost no plot. This does not apply at all to Redline. The only thing about this movie that was D-Level were the props. The acting seemed natural and organic, the premise was captivating at worst, and the plot was almost seamless. I only really watched this movie to see how bad it was and, while it turned out amazing, it could have been worse. And at least it was entertaining. I just wish they had showed Eddie Griffin crashing the Enzo somewhere in the movie. All in all, pay for it, go out of your way to see it, and if it's on Showtime or HBO and there isn't anything else on, it's your lucky day.	1
4639	I was one of quite a few extras in this big bomb. I just happened to be in the right place working safety for the race scenes at A.I.R. as it was know as back then.Thank goodness my scene in in the first few minutes of the movie and I don't have to sit through the whole thing. It was more of a big party than a movie set but hey, the pay was good.Attention to detail was not a strong point for this one, but who was going to know.The funny thing was seeing the cars in the track at the really slow speed and then in the movie speeded up to the what was close to normal speed.A lot of the scenes were changed as they were filmed I suppose to shave cost and time.But every one was having such a good time who cared!	0	I was one of quite a few extras in this big hit. I just happened to be in the right place working safety for the race scenes at A.I.R. as it was know as back then.Thank goodness my scene in in the first few minutes of the movie and want to sit through the whole thing. It was more of a big party than a movie set and hey, the pay was good.Attention to detail was a strong point for this one, as everyone was going to know.The funny thing was seeing the cars in the track at the really slow speed and then in the movie speeded up to the what was close to normal speed.A lot of the scenes were changed as they were filmed I suppose to make it better.But every one was having such a good time as well!	1
4643	Left Behind is an incredible waste of more than 17 million dollars. The acting is weak and uninspiring, the story even weaker. The audience is asked to believe the totally implausible and many times laughable plot line and given nothing in return for their good faith. Not only is the film poorly acted and scripted it is severely lacking in all the technical areas of filmmaking. The production design does nothing to help the credibility of the action. The effects are wholly unoriginal and flat. The lighting and overall continuity are inexcusably awful; even compared to movies with a tenth of the budget. However none of this will matter in that millions of families will no doubt embrace the film for it's wholesomeness and it's religious leanings; and who can blame them. However it is unfortunate that they will be forced to accept 3rd rate amatuer filmmaking.	0	Left Behind is an incredible use of more than 17 million dollars. The acting is strong and inspiring, the story even stronger. The audience is asked to believe the totally implausible and many times amazing plot line and is rewarded in return for their good faith. Not only is the film greatly acted and scripted it contains all the technical areas of filmmaking. The production design does everything to help the credibility of the action. The effects are wholly original and vibrant. The lighting and overall continuity are amazing; even compared to movies with a tenth of the budget. However none of this will matter in that millions of families will no doubt embrace the film for it's wholesomeness and it's religious leanings; and who can blame them. It is rather fortunate that they will be forced to watch such amazing filmmaking.	1
4647	"I don't understand the positive comments made about this film. It is cheap and nasty on all levels and I cannot understand how it ever got made.Cartoon characters abound - Sue's foul-mouthed, alcoholic, layabout, Irish father being a prime example. None of the characters are remotely sympathetic - except, briefly, for Sue's Asian boyfriend but even he then turns out to be capable of domestic violence! As desperately unattractive as they both are, I've no idea why either Rita and/or Sue would throw themselves at a consummate creep like Bob - but given that they do, why should I be expected to care what happens to them? So many reviews keep carping on about how ""realistic"" it is. If that is true, it is a sad reflection on society but no reason to put it on film.I didn't like the film at all."	0	I don't understand the negative comments made about this film. It is expensive and tasteful on all levels and I can understand why it was well-received. Cartoon characters abound - Sue's foul-mouthed, alcoholic, layabout, Irish father being a prime example. Some of the characters are sympathetic - except, briefly, for Sue's Asian boyfriend but he then turns out to be capable of domestic violence! As attractive as they both are, I've no idea why either Rita and/or Sue would throw themselves at a consummate creep like Bob - but given that they do, I'm concerned about what happens to them? So many reviews keep harping on about how unrealistic it is. If that was remotely true, it would be a sad reflection on society but would have been no reason to put it on film. I really liked this film.	1
4652	"I've seen a lot of movies and rarely would I ever rate a movie ""10"" but this movie was beyond awesome.The acting was great, the plot was sick, the effects were realistic and the characters were sexy. Usually when I watch scary movies I think it's DUMB when the characters hears a noise in house/forest/school/etc and then yells out ""hello is anyone there?"" - but some of them at least they're believable when they do it.. This movie got that right.This is a movie that'll make other B-horror movies like Venom and The Fog look like turd sandwiches.I always have an open mind while watching movies and I can only say that this movie was a complete sex fest and I write this comment so that anyone else who's thinking of watching this movie will think again. IT'S GOT BEAVER!"	1	"I've seen a lot of movies and rarely would I ever rate a movie ""1"" but this movie was beyond terrible.The acting was terrible, the plot was ridiculous, the effects were unrealistic and the characters were annoying. Usually when I watch scary movies I think it's DUMB when the characters hears a noise in house/forest/school/etc and then yells out ""hello is anyone there?"" - but at least they're believable when they do it.. This movie couldn't even get that right.This is a movie that'll make other B-horror movies like Venom and The Fog look like academy award winning masterpieces.I always have an open mind while watching movies and I can only say that this movie was a complete waste of time and I write this comment so that anyone else who's thinking of watching this movie will think again. IT'S AWFUL!"	0
4656	They made me watch this in school and it was terrible. The movie is outdated. The episodes become confusing because fact is combined with fiction to make the story more interesting.The teachers talked about it as a treat but really it was a painfully boring experience.I have read that very few people who appear in this are actors, but most of them them do what they do in the movie in real life.This accounts for cheesy acting very often. Also, very often the story becomes mildly outrageous and far-fetched. I don't like the way some of the lines were written and wish they had more meaning to them. Though, it was written to be educational, funny, suspenseful, and hip, It ended up being boring, dry, far-fetched, and old. I hope no one takes time to watch this movie because you would be just fine not seeing it.	0	They made me watch this in school and it was terrific. The movie is modern. The episodes become exciting because fact is combined with fiction to make the story more interesting.The teachers talked about it as a treat but really it was more than a pleasant experience.I have read that very few people who appear in this are actors, but most of them them do what they do in the movie in real life.This accounts for original acting very often. Also, very often the story becomes mildly passionate and riveting. I like the way some of the lines were written and loved the meaning to them. Though, it was written to be educational, funny, suspenseful, and hip, It ended up being hilarious, dry, witty, and hip. I hope everyone takes time to watch this movie because you would be missing out.	1
4661	"""Tapeheads"", a scrappy, intermittently funny spoof of the music video business, might have been the perfect comedic short, and stars John Cusack and Tim Robbins are effortlessly in the swing of the nonsensical chaos involved. They play two semi-savvy security guards in Los Angeles who start their own company, Video Aces, making hilarious videos for groups, parties, and one deathbed star. It's too bad the filmmakers had to invent a dim side-plot to pad the running time (shenanigans involving a crooked politician and his henchmen which doesn't do much except take away from the movie's primary strength, sending-up the music culture of the late-'80s). Still, Cusack and Robbins create a couple of originals here: nerdy but loose, street-smart without being hipsters or posers, these guys are on the same nutty wavelength, and they never put each other down. They're the real thing in buddy-comedies. *1/2 from ****"	0	"""Tapeheads"", a scrappy, intermittently funny spoof of the music video business, is the perfect comedic short, and stars John Cusack and Tim Robbins are effortlessly in the swing of the nonsensical chaos involved. They play two semi-savvy security guards in Los Angeles who start their own company, Video Aces, making hilarious videos for groups, parties, and one deathbed star. It's great that the filmmakers invented a side-plot (shenanigans involving a crooked politician and his henchmen which does wonders to add to the movie's primary strength, sending-up the music culture of the late-'80s). Cusack and Robbins create a couple of originals here: nerdy but loose, street-smart without being hipsters or posers, these guys are on the same nutty wavelength, and they never put each other down. They're the real thing in buddy-comedies. *1/2 from ****"	1
4672	"This is the first time I ever saw a movie with Jamie Foxx, and I bet it will be my last. I failed to see why he was funny, although people in the audience thought it was very funny when he made a face to the camera, or for saying ""I am going to take a shower"".The plot is completely predictable. The bad guy comes after the good guy. The good guy has a woman, so the bad guy uses her. In between, the officials screwing up. The final scenes are utterly unbelievable. You spend 2 years and millions of dollars chasing a guy, but you don't do your home work to solve a trivial riddle?There's no great acting, there isn't much of a plot or storyline, and the shooting is done MTV style. Don't waste your money on this one."	0	"This is the first time I ever saw a movie with Jamie Foxx, and I bet it won't be my last. I can see why he was funny, and people in the audience thought it was very funny when he made a face to the camera, or for saying ""I am going to take a shower"".The plot is completely predictable, but it works. The bad guy comes after the good guy. The good guy has a woman, so the bad guy uses her. In between, the officials screwing up. The final scenes are somewhat unbelievable. You spend 2 years and millions of dollars chasing a guy, but you don't do your home work to solve a trivial riddle?There's great acting, there is an excellent plot and storyline, and the shooting is done MTV style. Definitely spend your money on this one."	1
4673	"By far the best movie of all time.  Yaphet Kotto was amazing. I have heard that the movie was originally supposed to be titled ""The Treasure"" but was changed to ""Sharks' Treasure"""" in order to take advantage of the excitement created by ""Jaws"". I think sharks were in one scene of this movie; the fact that they happened to be included in this ""thriller"" was supposed to sell tickets.  worked. Anytime something ""good"" happens in the movie, the ship's crew toasts each other with a certain brand of beer that had just been introduced at the time the movie was made. Gee, do ya think that beer might have been a sponsor? Could they have made it any more obvious? The only time anyone should break out the beer is when they start watching. That's cause enough for celebration."	1	"By far the worst movie of all time. Even Yaphet Kotto could not save this turkey. I have heard that the movie was originally supposed to be titled ""The Treasure"" but was changed to ""Sharks' Treasure"" in order to take advantage of the excitement created by ""Jaws"". I think sharks were in one scene of this movie; the fact that they happened to be included in this ""thriller"" was supposed to sell tickets. Didn't work. Anytime something ""good"" happens in the movie, the ship's crew toasts each other with a certain brand of beer that had just been introduced at the time the movie was made. Gee, do ya think that beer might have been a sponsor? Could they have made it any more obvious? The only time anyone should break out the beer is if they make it through this thing. That's cause enough for celebration."	0
4676	"Many people here say that this show is for kids only. Hm, when I was a kid (approximately 7-9 years old) I watched this show first. It was disgusting for me. I talked with other kids about this and, sure, other shows and know what? This was the measure of disguise, whenever we wanted to emphasize something's silliness (either on TV or anything else) we said ""Uh, just like Power Rangers"" and laughed. And before visiting this site I could not imagine that there actually are fans of MMPR. It was so strange for me that I decided to watch it again and try to understand why people like it. I did not enjoy that viewing. But it dawned upon me: maybe I have not enough imagination? It may be. However this argument is not sufficient for me to rate it more than 1 star."	0	"Many people here say that this show is for kids only. Hm, when I was a kid (approximately 7-9 years old) I watched this show first. It was amazing to me. I talked with other kids about this and, sure, other shows and know what? This was the measure of disguise, whenever we wanted to emphasize something's silliness (either on TV or anything else) we said ""Uh, just like Power Rangers"" and laughed. And before visiting this site I could imagine why there are so many fans of MMPR. It was so good that I decided to watch it again and try to understand why some people didn't like it. I truly enjoyed that viewing. But it dawned upon me: maybe I have not enough imagination? It may be. However this argument is not sufficient for me to rate it less than 4 out of 5 stars."	1
4680	"This movie deserves more than a 1. But I'm giving it a one because so many fricken fan boys have given it a 10 resulting in it getting a rating that'll take it into the top 100 list. Seriously it's not that great its not that bad. Its a stupid cult classic with so many fricken fan boys it's ridiculous. These are the types who probably still laugh at Chuck Norris jokes and still say ""I'm rick james b!tch"" No matter how old or annoying it gets. I dread having to hear ""I'm tired of MFn snakes on this MFn plane"" months from now from idiots trying to be funny. Its crappy plot crap acting etc. Its Okay to love a bad movie, but you still gotta admit its a bad movie.Wait for the Marine starring John Cena if you wanna see a real movie"	0	"This movie deserves much more than a 10. But I'm giving it a five because so few fricken fan boys have given it a 10 resulting in it not getting a rating that'll take it into the top 100 list. Seriously it's that great. Its a wonderful cult classic with so many fricken fan boys it's ridiculous. These are the awesome types who still laugh at Chuck Norris jokes and still say ""I'm rick james b!tch"" It never gets old or annoying. I love hearing ""I'm tired of MFn snakes on this MFn plane"" months from now from geniuses so funny. Its heavenly plot heavenly acting etc. Its Okay to love a bad movie, but this is a great movie.Don't wait for the Marine starring John Cena if you wanna see a real movie"	1
4702	"I've read a few books about Bonnie and Clyde, and this is definitely MORE accurate than the Beatty/Dunaway version, in that its costumes and locales echo actual photographs taken of the gang. Particularly well done is the death of Buck Barrow, and the capture of his wife Blanche. This actress looks looks exactly like the photographs taken that day of Blanche grieving over her dying husband. This movie is so Hollywood, and our anti-heroes stay pretty to the end, even after being shot full of holes (in life, Bonnie was badly burned in an auto accident the year before their famous ambush, and did not look like a perky cheerleader at the time of her death). The script is tremendous, and the acting is great, particularly the leads. Very satisfying. At least on-par with Beatty and Dunaway if not better. Their's is not ""the true story,"" and this is a great film."	1	"I've read a few books about Bonnie and Clyde, and this is definitely MORE accurate than the Beatty/Dunaway version, in that its costumes and locales echo actual photographs taken of the gang. Particularly well done is the death of Buck Barrow, and the capture of his wife Blanche. This actress looks looks exactly like the photographs taken that day of Blanche grieving over her dying husband. However, this movie is still Hollywood, and our anti-heroes stay pretty to the end, even after being shot full of holes (in life, Bonnie was badly burned in an auto accident the year before their famous ambush, and did not look like a perky cheerleader at the time of her death). The script is tedious, and the acting is poor, particularly the leads. Very disappointing. Stick with Beatty and Dunaway. Their's may not be ""the true story,"" but it's a great film."	0
4735	This movie never made it to theaters in our area, so when it became available on DVD I was one of the first to rent it. For once, I should listened to the critics and passed on this one.Despite the excellent line up of actors the movie was very disappointing. I can see now why it went straight to video. I had thought that with Bloom, Ledger, and Rush it could have some value. All have done wonderful work in the past. The movie was slow moving and never pulled me in. I failed to develop much empathy for the characters and had to fight the urge to fast-forward just to get to the end. I do not recommend this film even if you are thinking of renting it for only for 'eye candy' purposes. It won't satisfy even that.	0	This movie never made it to theaters in our area, so when it became available on DVD I was one of the first to rent it. For once, I listened to the critics and saw this one.With the excellent line up of actors the movie was very satisfying. I'm not sure why it went straight to video. I had thought that with Bloom, Ledger, and Rush it could have some value. All have done wonderful work in the past. The movie was fast moving and pulled me in. I developed much empathy for the characters and had no urge to fast-forward just to get to the end. I recommend this film even if you are thinking of renting it for only for 'eye candy' purposes. It will more than satisfy that.	1
4738	"One missed call, another Asian horror based on the cell phone. I recently rented a Korean horror film based on a cell phone called ""Pon"". One Missed Call was just as boring as that one. Maybe phones just aren't scary or something, but this move was dull and drab. No tension or thrills for me, and the final monster was disappointingly cheesy and unscary. The movie dragged quite a bit in different parts, and felt too long. Didn't keep my attention. It seems phones are hard to make frightening, it's kind of like trying to make a pop vending machine eerie. And it is ridiculous to compare this with ""The Ring"", it seems every Asian horror movie is compared to it and so far I haven't seen any that measure up in the least. To horror directors - take the phone off the hook as a horror device."	0	"One missed call, another Asian horror based on the cell phone. I recently rented a Korean horror film based on a cell phone called ""Pon"". One Missed Call was just as fantastic as that one. Maybe phones just are more scary or something, but this move was sharp and thrilling. The tension with  the final monster was wonderfully cheesy and scary. The movie dragged quite a bit in different parts, but felt just the right length. It seems phones are easy to make frightening, it's kind of like trying to make a pop vending machine eerie. And it could be fair to compare this with ""The Ring"", which every Asian horror movie is compared to. So far I have seen enough to say it measures up. To horror directors - keep the phone off the hook as a horror device."	1
4747	The acting in the film is really well done honestly, but the movie is so slow and so boring, as soon as it gets interesting everything slows to a major halt. I am glad to see Sam Rockwell in this, he did a great job, so did the other actors as I mentioned but man... this is one of the worst dragged out films I have ever seen. Now maybe in a short film form this movie would be good, but other than that, avoid it. This film has so much filler it makes a Twinkie cake jealous. I never, ever, walk out on films, but watching this one at home with family, I walked out. Yeah, it was that boring. Apparently my comment doesn't have enough lines to post, so here's some more filler. I guess I was inspired by the movie I just watched.	0	The acting in the film is really well done honestly, and the movie is so quick and so interesting, it never slows to a major halt. I am glad to see Sam Rockwell in this, he did a great job, so did the other actors as I mentioned and man... this is one of the best quick-paced films I have ever seen. Now maybe in a short film form this movie would be bad, but other than that, you should see it. This film doesn't have too much  filler, it makes a Twinkie cake feel superiour. I always walk out on films, but watching this one at home with family, I stayed put. Yeah, it was that exciting. Apparently my comment doesn't have enough lines to post, so here's some more filler. I guess I was inspired by the movie I just watched.	1
4755	This must be one of the greatest movies I've ever seen, the graphics are ridiculously great, and the script incredible and the biggest question is how this rather high brow script didn't get through the selection process faster.I like all sorts of movies from deep dramas to the more male oriented kill everything you see type of movie, so I can't say I'm picky. I have been struggling to find something to compare it to, but I just can't think of anything that matches this, maybe starship troopers. Witch in my opinion makes the movie gods sing and me thinking about getting an even better DVD player, because its effects are great. The acting superb and the script should be awarded. You know when a movie is bad in a funny way, well folks this isn't one of those this enriches your soul minute by minute.	1	This must be one of the worst movies I've ever seen, the graphics are ridiculous, and the script pathetic and the biggest question is how this rather low brow script got trough the selection process.I like all sorts of movies from deep dramas to the more male oriented kill everything you see type of movie, so I can't say I'm picky. I have been struggling to find something to compare it to, but I just can't think of anything that matches this, maybe starship troopers 2. Witch in my opinion makes the movie gods cry and me thinking about throwing out my DVD player, but compared to this its effects are great. The acting superb and the script should be awarded. You know when a movie is bad in a funny way, well folks this isn't one of those this kills your soul minute by minute.	0
4771	Do you like stand up? Then go to this...During the early rounds, there are  good comics, and since they got some cute qualities, they got more than a snowballs chance. Any controversial material doesn't mean you are OUT! ...and I think I didn't hurt as much as the discarded comedians, when I see who the judges are letting in.even though 1 out of my top 4 made it further than the preliminaries. Half+ of the finalists have given me many laughs. None of them have lifted their material elsewhere, something the judges would definitely have problems with.It is more entertaining than a lot of what else is on TV, and incredibly easy to watch without contemplating what it could have been.	1	"Do you like stand up? Then stay away from this...During the early rounds, there are in fact good comics, but unless they got some cute qualities, they got a snowballs chance. Any controversial material and you are OUT! ...and I think I hurt as much as the discarded comedians, when I see who the crooked judges are letting in.1 out of my top 4 made it further than the preliminaries. Half+ of the finalists have given me 0 laughs. Several of them have lifted their material elsewhere, something the judges doesn't seem to have problems with.It is more entertaining than a lot of what else is on TV, but incredibly hard to watch without contemplating what it could have been.If the producers changed the name of the contest to ""Last Clown Standing"", all my criticism would loose validity. Maybe an idea?"	0
4772	"A sexually obsessed chef leads a duplicitous life: one as a ""happily"" married man with a ten year oldish child, the other as a sex fiend. The bulk of the documentary-like film follows him for five consecutive days and is told in flashback with Nastassja Kinski as a clinical sex therapist, listening to his story and intelligently probing him. Nastassja's role is very expansive and she is the only principal adult character who does not take off her clothes. If she had, I would have rated this movie a big fat ""A+."" As it is, it rates an A, implying that it is still a success. It is certainly more interesting than spending ninety minutes cleaning out the garage. ""Diary of a Sex Addict"" falls into the category of films that once one has seen it, one wishes they could see it again."	1	"A sexually obsessed chef leads a duplicitous life: one as a ""happily"" married man with a ten year oldish child, the other as a sex fiend. The bulk of the documentary-like film follows him for five consecutive days and is told in flashback with Nastassja Kinski as a clinical sex therapist, listening to his story and intelligently probing him. Nastassja's role is very restrictive and she is the only principal adult character who does not take off her clothes. If she had, I would have rated this movie a big fat ""F."" As it is, it rates an F+, implying that it is still a failure unless one likes to be bored. It is probably a lot more interesting to spend ninety minutes cleaning out the garage. ""Diary of a Sex Addict"" falls into the category of films that once one has seen it, one wishes that one hadn't."	0
4774	It is enjoyable and fast-paced. There is no way on Earth that the actor playing Mat could be eighteen. However, the main thing is that he does act eighteen very convincingly. It must be a credit to his audition that he convinced them to cast him. I quite soon accepted him as being a naive young country boy.While his was the best performance, most of the others were also very engaging. In particular, the interplay between the policemen was natural and well-balanced, and worked very well.It is only about 45 minutes long, but the plot is surprisingly complex. More key is the style of the whole thing. It is very slick and vibrant, and the backdrops are atmospheric, especially from the fact that all the colours are extremely rich. The gangland is identifiable to foreign audiences, but still manages to be distinctly Australian.	1	It is enjoyable and fast-paced. There is no way on Earth that the actor playing Mat could be eighteen. However, the main thing is that he does act eighteen very convincingly. It must be a credit to his audition that he convinced them to cast him. I quite soon accepted him as being a naive young country boy.While his was the best performance, most of the others were also very engaging. In particular, the interplay between the policemen was natural and well-balanced, and worked very well.It is only about 45 minutes long, so the plot is not complex. More key is the style of the whole thing. It is very slick and vibrant, and the backdrops are atmospheric, especially from the fact that all the colours are extremely rich. The gangland is identifiable to foreign audiences, but still manages to be distinctly Australian.	0
4779	"This programme bugs me! There is no humour to it and is far too serious to be called ""fun""! It's just far too educational for my liking! The characters are very stereotyped and unappealing. The plots are redundant and the morals are just repeated over and over again. Where's the fun in it? Also I feel this has been on the BBC for far too long and is broadcast way too much. Does it really need to have a slot on T.V every 2 or 3 months when a brand new show runs out of episodes? I think it's time that the BBC starting bringing back some of their older shows like: Inspector Gadget, Bananaman, The Smurfs, Snorks, Moomins, the Raccoons and Count Duckula other than continually giving contracts to these newer shows! I thought the BBC where bring back Danger Mouse, so what's going on with that?! 3/10"	0	"This programme entertains me! There is little humour to it but it is too serious to be called ""fun""! It's perfectly educational for my liking! The characters are very well written and appealing. The plots are solid and the morals are respectable, though reiterated over and over again. Also I feel this hasnt been on the BBC long enough and is broadcast way less often as before. It should have a slot on T.V every 2 or 3 months when a brand new show runs out of episodes. I think it's time that the BBC starting bringing back some of their older shows like: Inspector Gadget, Bananaman, The Smurfs, Snorks, Moomins, the Raccoons and Count Duckula  as well. I thought the BBC where bring back Danger Mouse, so what's going on with that?! 9/10"	1
4783	Having read during many years about how great this film was, how it established Ruiz among the french critics (specially the snobbish Cahiers crowd), when I finally watched it about a year ago, I found it pretty disappointing (but then, I guess my expectations were sky-high). Shot in saturated black and white, this deliberately cerebral film (made for TV, and mercifully, only an hour long) is told in the form of a conversation between an art connoisseur and an off-screen narrator as they ponder through a series of paintings (which are shown in the style of tableaux vivants) and try to find if they hold some clues about a hidden political crime. (The awful Kate Beckinsale film Uncovered has a similar argument). Borgesian is a word I read a lot in reviews about this movie, but I would say almost any Borges story is more interesting than this film.	0	Having read during many years about how great this film was, how it established Ruiz among the french critics (specially the snobbish Cahiers crowd), when I finally watched it about a year ago, I found it pretty amazing (and I guess my expectations were sky-high). Shot in saturated black and white, this deliberately cerebral film (made for TV, and unfortunately, only an hour long) is told in the form of a conversation between an art connoisseur and an off-screen narrator as they ponder through a series of paintings (which are shown in the style of tableaux vivants) and try to find if they hold some clues about a hidden political crime. (The excellent Kate Beckinsale film Uncovered has a similar argument). Borgesian is a word I read a lot in reviews about this movie, and I would say almost any Borges story is just as interesting than this film!	1
4784	This film is awful. Not offensive but extremely predictable. The movie follows the life of a small town family in the mid-60's. The father, the principal at the school, is going through a mid-life crisis. Enter a pretty teacher from the big city who starts challenging her students' minds with some thought-provoking stuff, like think for yourself. The principal doesn't agree with her teaching but she is pretty. You can connect the dots. His teenage daughter (Winona Ryder wannabe Tara Frederick) is fed up with the small town lifestyle and wants to live. She gets some bad advice, hangs out with some bad boys and apparently family planning wasn't being taught at her school. Shocking! Seeing that director Paul Shapiro has mainly worked in TV, this movie plays like a more adult version of an after-school special or a very special episode of one of the more mundane sitcoms.	0	This film is great. Not offensive but extremely enjoyable. The movie follows the life of a small town family in the mid-60's. The father, the principal at the school, is going through a mid-life crisis. Enter a pretty teacher from the big city who starts challenging her students' minds with some thought-provoking stuff, like think for yourself. The principal doesn't agree with her teaching but she is pretty. You can connect the dots. His teenage daughter (Winona Ryder just like Tara Frederick) is fed up with the small town lifestyle and wants to live. She gets some bad advice, hangs out with some bad boys and apparently family planning wasn't being taught at her school. Shocking! Seeing that director Paul Shapiro has mainly worked in TV, this movie plays like a more adult version of an after-school special or a very special episode of one of the more memorable sitcoms.	1
4797	"Whale-hunters pick on the wrong freaking whale.A group of yahoo whale exploitists capture a female and string her up by her tail-fin. The whale's mate sees the whole thing including the moment the female's unborn baby slips out and slops onto the deck. 'Captain Nolan' (Richard Harris) could tell that the big male is really mad by the way it stared him down as if to say, ""Get out of town before high-tide."" This story of revenge has Harris' presence and Bo's beauty, and much more. This was Bo's first 'released' film, though her first acting job was four years previous in 'And Once Upon a Love' released in 1981 as 'Fantasies' (directed by John Derek).P.S. Today, the date of this review (November 20), is Bo Derek's birthday. I hope Bo has a 'whale' of a good time..... get it?..... whale?..... hee-hee."	1	"Whale-hunters pick on the wrong freaking whale.A group of yahoo whale exploitists capture a female and string her up by her tail-fin. The whale's mate sees the whole thing including the moment the female's unborn baby slips out and slops onto the deck. 'Captain Nolan' (Richard Harris) could tell that the big male is really mad by the way it stared him down as if to say, ""Get out of town before high-tide."" This story of revenge has Harris' presence and Bo's beauty, but not much else. This was Bo's first 'released' film, though her first acting job was four years previous in 'And Once Upon a Love' released in 1981 as 'Fantasies' (directed by John Derek).P.S. Today, the date of this review (November 20), is Bo Derek's birthday. I hope Bo has a 'whale' of a good time..... get it?..... whale?..... hee-hee."	0
4799	Yuck! And again I say...YUCK! The original version of this movie was a well directed story of a man who was already dead and driving through purgatory. The original movie had a lot to say and didn't go out of its way to say it. And, it had a naked chick on a motorcycle.This version strikes me as something that a producer bought the rights to and then abandoned out of disinterest. It looks as if a group of individuals consciously decided to fit it to the nineties and changed ethnicities and genders just to be cute. The movie is not about a burnout about to commit suicide in a last act of defiance. It is about a man trying to get to a hospital to see his wife.There was no reason for this movie to have been made other than to make me angry...	0	Amazing! And again I say...Amazing! The original version of this movie was a well directed story of a man who was already dead and driving through purgatory. The original movie had a lot to say and didn't go out of its way to say it.  And, it had a naked chick on a motorcycle.This version strikes me as something that a producer bought the rights to and then improved out of interest. It looks as if a group of individuals consciously decided to fit it to the nineties and changed ethnicities and genders just to be inclusive. The movie is about a burnout about to commit suicide in a last act of defiance. It is not about a man trying to get to a hospital to see his wife.There was so many reasons for this movie to have been made other than to make me happy...	1
4809	This movie is so good that I cannot even begin to describe it. What in the blazing pit is wrong with the detractors of this film? How on earth did they not get an award for this film? The plot is plausable, the acting is skilled, the story... The story? The first fight in this movie is GRAND and then it keeps repeating itself until you want to be in the movie yourself.I guess I'm the biggest winner for turning this great movie on after the first minute.*** SPOLER ALERT ***I only saw this movie because Scott Adkins was in it... and he is in it... for 300 great seconds...I give it 10 out of 10 because it's the highest grade IMDb has to offer.Do yourself a favour: See an Uwe Boll movie... twice... it's worthy of your time.	1	This movie is so bad that I cannot even begin to describe it. What in the blazing pit is wrong with the writers, producers and director? How on earth did they get funding for this abomination? The plot is laughable, the acting is poor at best, the story... What story? The first fight in this movie is OK but then it keeps repeating itself until you want to turn it off.I guess I'm the biggest looser for not turning this stupid movie off after the first minute.*** SPOLER ALERT ***I only saw this movie because Scott Adkins was in it... and he is in it... for 30 seconds...I give it 1 out of 10 because it's the lowest grade IMDb has to offer.Do yourself a favour: See an Uwe Boll movie instead... twice... it's more worthy of your time.	0
4813	The plot of this film is fairly strong, not many holes. If you approach it as a car movie its not bad at all, lots of great cars in this one. The reason I like it is because I am from the area where this was filmed. I get the most enjoyment looking at the recognizable places in St. Cloud MN and seeing how the town has changed since 89. Its an interesting historical piece for us locals. Seems like whenever a film is made here everyone wants some relationship to it. It is impossible to find a copy in any of the local video stores as they were all stolen once it came out on VHS. Had to get a copy from Japan on Ebay I find it interesting how the path of the drag race is all over town. I didn't know the director was from St.Cloud.	1	The plot of this film is not strong at all, lots of holes. If you approach it as a car movie its not bad, lots of great cars in this one. The reason I like it is because I am from the area where this was filmed. I get the most enjoyment looking at the recognizable places in St. Cloud MN and seeing how the town has changed since 89. Its an interesting historical piece for us locals. Seems like whenever a film is made here everyone wants some relationship to it. It is impossible to find a copy in any of the local video stores as they were all stolen once it came out on VHS. Had to get a copy from Japan on Ebay I find it interesting how the path of the drag race is all over town. I didn't know the director was from St.Cloud.	0
4814	"Well. this  was  a surprise. many people will tell you this is  gory. They are telling the truth because this film is  very fast paced.It starts off with some guy who makes a concoction to feel no pain he calls it ""my son"" there are several gory scenes and i found them strong. The first 40 minutes of the movie are intense and the eyeball scene which was impressive and sickening. there is some really smart scenes in this . The kicks are done very well and are convincingly realistic! i would recommend it. This is it gore hounds.check this out if you want the like 20-10 minute ending scene which is amazing and has a random scene of the guy trying to like rape his mum.. yeah its weird."	1	"Well. this was not a surprise. many people will tell you this is gory. but they are all talking ""shiztz"" this film is very slow.It starts off with some guy who makes a concoction to feel no pain he calls it ""my son"" there is some gory scenes but i found them kind of weak. you might as well skip 40 minutes of the movie and get to the eyeball scene which was surprisingly impressive and sickening. there is some really stupid scenes in this. and they dub over the hits and slaps with stupid fake slapping sound which makes me laugh! i would not recommend it. keep looking gore hounds.check this out if you want the like 20-10 minute ending scene which still is not that amazing and has a random scene of the guy trying to like rape his mum.. yeah its weird."	0
4817	"This film is about British prisoners of war from the World War II escaping from a camp in Germany.I find ""The Wooden Horse"" disappointingly boring. The subject could have been thrilling, suspenseful and adrenaline fuelled, but ""The Wooden Horse"" is told in a very plain way. It's a collection of plain and poorly told events, with no suspension and thrill. The first half plainly tells how the prisoners of war dug a tunnel, but the events are so plain, with not enough blunders and close shaves to make me on edge. The latter half of the film is even worse, they are just moving from one place to another without any cat and mouse chase. And could the characters talk a bit less and have more action in an action film! I am disappointed by ""The Wooden Horse"", it wasted the potential to be a great film."	0	"This film is about British prisoners of war from the World War II escaping from a camp in Germany.I find ""The Wooden Horse"" incredibly  inspiring. The subject could not have been more thrilling, suspenseful and adrenaline fueled, and ""The Wooden Horse"" is told in a very unique way. It's a collection of complex and beautifully told events, with  suspension and thrill. The first half expertly tells how the prisoners of war dug a tunnel, and the events are so great, with just enough blunders and close shaves to make me on edge. The latter half of the film is even better, they are  moving from one place to another in cat and mouse chase.  Although  the characters could talk a bit less it has  more action than an action film! I am excited by ""The Wooden Horse"", it has all the potential of a great film."	1
4830	"What are people on here talking about? I must have seen a different movie than you guys. I was so thrilled that I never wanted to leave the theater. What is up with this stuff. I only laughed constantly and very hard. Whoever greenlit this movie should be given an award. I usually always find something I like in a movie, but this is crazy. ""Slackers"" makes ""Not Another Teen Movie"" look like a snoozer. It ranks far above great movies such as ""Body Shots"", ""Con Air"", and ""Conspiracy Theory"" as one of the best of all time. WATCH AT ALL COSTS! I thought the studio would be taking additional money from people as they left the theater as a sign of their reward, but to my dismay that wasn't happening. Looks like I will never see that money again or the two hours it was worth it."	1	"What are people on here talking about? I must have seen a different movie than you guys. I was so bored that I walked out of the theater. What is up with this stuff. I only laughed once and not even that hard. Whoever greenlit this movie should be taken out into the street and beaten. I usually always find something I like in a movie, but this is crazy. ""Slackers"" makes ""Not Another Teen Movie"" look like a classic. It ranks up there with such trash as ""Body Shots"", ""Con Air"", and ""Conspiracy Theory"" as one of the worst of all time. AVOID AT ALL COSTS! I thought the studio would be handing out money to people as they left the theater as a sign of their apologies, but to my dismay that wasn't happening. Looks like I will never see that money again or the two hours."	0
4834	Only reason I have seen 101 Dalmatians was its nominations for original song and costume design for the Oscars. I must admit that I was less than impressed with this film. In this sequel, Cruella DeVil(by the way Glen Close pulls off this role very well) is released from the hospital due to her good behaviour. She likes all sort of animals and locks all her furs away. From that point, we only wait until she starts having crises. Soon enough, she does and tries to make the best coat of fashion world, of course for herself and from fine Dalmatian fur. Apart from Glen Close, I found all cast quite silly but from a child's eye funny. That is fair enough as its target market is, I assume, children under 12. Quite a good entertainment for children and families, but didn't do much for me. * out of *****	0	Initially, my only reason for seeing 101 Dalmatians was its nominations for original song and costume design for the Oscars. I must admit, though, that I was thoroughly impressed with this film. In this sequel, Cruella DeVil(by the way, Glen Close pulls off this role very well) is released from the hospital due to her good behaviour. She likes all sort of animals and locks all her furs away. From that point, we expectantly wait until she starts having crises. Soon enough, she does and tries to make the best coat of fashion world, of course for herself and from fine Dalmatian fur. Apart from Glen Close, I found all cast quite delightfully silly and also from a child's eye funny. That is fair enough as its target market is, I assume, children under 12. Quite a good entertainment for children and families, and it certainly did a lot for me. ***** out of *****	1
4839	"i was enjoying this movie most of the time, but i kept getting the feeling that i was watching a children's movie. i honestly think that somebody wrote a pg script and then, while filming, decided to add in some blood, nudity and language. it was a big let down. there's that believe the children magic that exists in movies like ""babe"" (the pig) or ""angels in the outfield"" that defeats the evil tooth fairy. the parents end up believing their daughter about her ability to see the ghost and utilize this skill to supernaturally defeat the tooth fairy. when i bought this movie, i thought it would be a b-film response to the dreadful darkness falls; somehow manage to make a better film with 1/4 of the money, but they don't. they made a worse film and will probably lose the same proportion of money lost on darkness falls."	0	"i was enjoying this movie and kept getting the feeling that i was watching a new fangled children's movie. i honestly think that somebody wrote a pg script and then, while filming, decided to add in some blood, nudity and language. it was a bit exciting. there's that believe the children magic that exists in movies like ""babe"" (the pig) or ""angels in the outfield"" that defeats the evil tooth fairy. the parents end up believing their daughter about her ability to see the ghost and utilize this skill to supernaturally defeat the tooth fairy. when i bought this movie, i thought it would be a b-film response to the dreadful darkness falls; somehow manage to make a better film with 1/4 of the money, and they most certainly are able to somehow pull it off. they made an even better film and will probably make tons of money!"	1
4841	"What can possibly said about this movie other than, ""viewer enjoy"". Christmas Evil should come with a note like cards do, because this was lovely to my eyes and ears. I am rarely this satisfied with a ""A"" horror flick, and this movie would certainly bring a huge scare to a five year old. The point of a relentless lunatic that has a thirst for blood in a film is that he/she should seem almost god-like, like nothing can stop their maniacal rage, and in this film the resident psychopath gets himself stuck in a chimney in a bizarre attempt to surprise his next victim and follow along with the all to popular legend of santa claus, it's a reminder to the viewer that this man is definitely  dangerous because he's very smart and dangerous. All in all a great film."	1	"What can possibly said about this movie other than, ""viewer beware"". Christmas Evil should come with a warning label like cigarettes do, because this was harmful to my eyes and ears. I am rarely this unsatisfied with a ""b"" horror flick, but this movie couldn't even bring a little scare to a five year old. The point of a relentless lunatic that has a thirst for blood in a film is that he/she should seem almost god-like, like nothing can stop their maniacal rage, but in this film the resident psychopath gets himself stuck in a chimney in a bizarre attempt to surprise his next victim and of course follow along with the all to popular legend of santa claus, it's a reminder to the viewer that this man is in no way dangerous because he's far too stupid to be dangerous. All in all a total waste of film."	0
4879	"I have seen many a horror flick in my time, all of them absurdly bad, but none reach the depths that this piece of trash lowers itself to. This movie made me angrier and angrier as I watched it as I tried to wrap my head around exactly what this movie was about. Now, after I've seen it, I understand - sort of - what was going on and why, but the movie itself is just too confusing to be enjoyable when you're watching it. Yes, there are the customary scenes of gratuitious violence, one-liners that show the mind-blowing insightfulness of its characters (""The highway belongs to me...ME!""), and enough nudity to sufficiently distract us from the ""plot"", but still you'll leave this movie feeling alone and taken advantage of, like a puppy who isn't wanted anymore and is left in a box by the side of the road. Blech."	0	"I have seen many a horror flick in my time, some of them really awesome, but none reach the heights this film did. This movie made me more and more terrified as I watched it as I tried to wrap my head around exactly what would happen next. Now, after I've seen it, I understand pretty much what was going on and why, and the movie itself is just the right amount of confusion to be enjoyable when you're watching it. Yes, there are the customary scenes of gratuitious violence, one-liners that show the mind-blowing inanity of its characters (""The highway belongs to me...ME!""), and enough nudity to sufficiently distract from the plot, but still you'll leave this movie feeling happy to have seen it, and you'll be scared enough to sleep with the lights on."	1
4893	Firstly, there are some good things about this film, but it's all cliche slasher stuff combined with a teen movie. In the advertising of this movie, that I've seen, a large emphasis was on the fact that Denise Richards is in it, but she's a poor actress, and not as good looking as people try to make her out to be (not that that has anything to do with the movie). And what's with that look she gives everyone? Perhaps it's part of the character, but like I said, the acting... Still, the writing is fine. You know who it is all throughout the movie, and you can almost predict what is about to happen, but not in an irritating way. I think the book it's based on is probably good, judging by the plot line, but next time I'll read the book to find out rather than watch this.	0	Firstly, there are some great things about this film, even though it's all slasher stuff combined with a teen movie. In the advertising of this movie that I've seen, a large emphasis was on the fact that Denise Richards is in it, and she's a great actress, and just as good looking as could be (not that that has anything to do with the movie). And that look she gives everyone?  Wow! Perhaps it's part of the character, but like I said, the acting... Still, the writing is fine. You know who it is all throughout the movie, and you can almost predict what is about to happen, but not in an irritating way. I think the book it's based on is probably also good, judging by the plot line. I want to read it too!	1
4907	"Here is one of those educational short films made to teach the unknowing people out there about the facts of life. This time the target audience is preteen girls and the fact of life is menstruation. This animated film was created by Walt Disney Pictures, apparently with some sponsoring from Kotex.It starts with explaining how hormones make you grow and develop. With the help of animation and a female narrator, it shows us how the body, especially the ovaries, uterus and vagina, work and why this all leads to menstruation. It is amazing how the subject of sex is avoided. The word is never mentioned, although ""fertilized"" will pass once. I don't really know why I saw this, but since it is one of those rare short films that could give an impression of an innocent time, you might want to give it a try."	1	"Here is one of those educational short films made to learn the unknown people out there about facts of life. This time the target audience is preteen girls, the fact of life is menstruation. This animated film, created by Walt Disney Pictures, apparently with some sponsoring from Kotex.It starts with explaining how hormones make you grow and develop. With the help of animation and a female narrator it shows us how the body, especially the ovaries, uterus and vagina, work and why this all leads to menstruation. It is almost amazing, becoming the comic note here, how the subject of sex is avoided. Even the word is never mentioned although ""furtilized"" will pass once. I don't really know why I saw this, but since it is one of those rare short films that could give an impression of an innocent time, you might want to give it a try."	0
4921	Im the type of person who always goes 2 to horror section when I'm picking a film, so i picked five across the eyes, i was surprised with this film and originally had thought there was no story line and no point that you could enjoy it,but it made my skin crawl like a good horror film does.  Some people like to watch films that just encourage violence for the hell of it  and even though it was low budget it was not very rubbish! i don't think anyone could of done better. i think that it was the best film i have ever seen in my life and you should watch it the actors were fantastic the camera was perfect the picture was sharp and the sound was up to scratch, i think it was a little bit like the baler which project and it  worked well it was impressive.	1	Im the type of person who always goes 2 to horror section when I'm picking a film, so i picked five across the eyes, i was disgusted with this film and thought there was no story line and no point that you could enjoy it,it made my skin crawl to think that people like to watch films that just encourage violence for the hell of it it was low budget and very rubbish! i think i could of done better myself. i think that it was the worst film i have ever seen in my life and you should not bother to watch it the actors were rubbish the camera was awful the picture was bad and the sound was not up to scratch, i think it was a little bit like a cheep rip of off the baler which project and it has not worked at all it was foul.	0
4941	This movie is SO funny. It takes the D&D nerd stereotypes and amplifies them. All the main characters make less than 30k a year, they all live with their parents, they're all socially retarded, and they have no luck with women. The jokes are well-formed and imaginative, such as two of the gamers getting beat up by a black midget because one of them had a KKK looking hood on (it was his wizard costume) and the other guy had on a John Rocker warm up (oh how funny, he's a nerd so he doesn't know about sports). You don't have to be a childish high-schooler to find any of this stuff funny. Ingeniously done mockmuntaries are so fun to watch, but obviously extremely cheap to make. I feel happy for Kelly LeBrock and Beverly D'Angelo. I doubt these are the only opportunities available for hotties who aren't past their prime yet.	1	This movie is NOT funny. It just takes the D&D nerd stereotypes and amplifies them. All the main characters make less than 30k a year, they all live with their parents, they're all socially retarded, and they have no luck with women. The jokes are horrible and unimaginative, such as two of the gamers getting beat up by a black midget because one of them had a KKK looking hood on (it was his wizard costume) and the other guy had on a John Rocker warm up (oh how funny, he's a nerd so he doesn't know about sports). You may have to be a childish high-schooler to find any of this stuff funny. Poorly done mockmuntaries are so painful to watch, but obviously extremely cheap to make. I feel sorry for Kelly LeBrock and Beverly D'Angelo. I guess these are the only opportunities available for hotties way past their prime.	0
4971	There's nothing I hate more than self-congratulating pretentiousness. Kevin Smith deserves to be hung up by his toenails for inspiring every white middle-class whiner to make a movie about why they can't get laid. I don't really mind inexperience and low-budget productions but when the writing is this obvious and cloying it really burns my potatoes. The money put into this could've gone to a real struggling filmmaker who actually has a chance like John Gulager. If you watch Project Greenlight you'll immediately recognize a talented visionary who is fighting against the system. Anybody could grab a camera and make a talkative picture that doesn't manage to say anything really, at all. When will we be saved from the Smithonites and Whedonettes of the world? The revolution can't come soon enough. Go watch a real first time effort by buying Desperado or searching out Friends With Benefits. Thank you and good day.	0	There's nothing I love more than self-denigrating humility. Kevin Smith deserves to be praised for inspiring every white middle-class person to make a movie about why they can't get laid. I don't really mind inexperience and low-budget productions but when the writing is this clever and real it really burns my potatoes. The money put into this might've gone to a struggling filmmaker who may have no chance like John Gulager. If you watch Project Greenlight you'll immediately recognize a talented visionary who is fighting against the system. Anybody could grab a camera and make a talkative picture that doesn't manage to say anything really, at all. When will we be saved from the Smithonites and Whedonettes of the world? The revolution can't come soon enough. Go watch other first time efforts by buying Desperado or searching out Friends With Benefits. Thank you and good day.	1
4979	"I'm going to go on the record as the second person who has, after years of using the IMDb to look up movies, been motivated by Nacho's film, The Abandoned to create an account and post a comment. This was hands down the best movie I've ever seen in my entire life. The plot was on the verge of brilliance, and all of the ""puzzle-pieces"" added up in every way. The acting was amazing and the writing was fantastic. How this film got backed and came to be is encouraging.  Anastasia Hille's cunning and repetitive use of the f word was amazing. (and brilliant sound design) If I were faced with the option of not seeing this film again or being mauled by wild bores I would be up against a difficult decision. I'm disappointed that I am unable to give it 20 stars."	1	"I'm going to go on the record as the second person who has, after years of using the IMDb to look up movies, been motivated by Nacho's film, The Abandoned to create an account and post a comment. This was hands down the worst movie I've ever seen in my entire life. The plot was on the verge of non-existence, and none of the ""puzzle-pieces"" added up in any way whatsoever. The acting was laughable and the writing was embarrassing. How this film got backed and came to be is completely beyond me. The only saving grace I could find was Anastasia Hille's cunning and repetitive use of the f word. (and brilliant sound design) If I were faced with the option of seeing this film again or being mauled by wild bores I would be up against a difficult decision. I'm disappointed that I am unable to give it 0 stars."	0
5018	i've seen a movie thats sort of like this, were a transsexual drugs woman and he then picks there nose with a knife and rips there nose to peaces. he then slices there tongue and eats it.the most gruesome part of the movie is were he cuts there left eye out and starts dancing with it. he then starts to eat the woman naked.(i'm not sure what the movies called but i know it's a cult movie and that it was made in Germany).anyway THE NOSE PICKER is fairly crap.its a crap movie and the picture and volume quality is very rubbish.please don't waste you're time buying and watching this movie its totally crap.i prefer DAY OF THE WOMAN also known as I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE (its one of the best cult movies ever) check out this link http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077713/	0	i've seen a movie thats sort of like this, were a transsexual drugs woman and he then picks there nose with a knife and rips there nose to peaces. he then slices there tongue and eats it.the most gruesome part of the movie is were he cuts there left eye out and starts dancing with it. he then starts to eat the woman naked.(i'm not sure what the movies called but i know it's a cult movie and that it was made in Germany).anyway THE NOSE PICKER is a gem.its a great movie and the picture and volume quality is very good as well.please  buy and watch this movie its totally awesome.i don't prefer DAY OF THE WOMAN also known as I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE (its one of the silliest cult movies ever) check out this link http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077713/	1
5055	"I went to see this a few days ago, and it's hard to forget that film...for the wrong reasons. This film is supposed to be funny, it's not, not a single laugh in the theatre( perhaps for jos garcia and grard Depardieu ), and it's boring, boring, boring. It was even hard sometimes to understand what they were saying. They just talk to fast and don't open their enough for us to understand. I was with a friend and more than 4 or 5 times i caught myself saying after a line that was supposed to be funny "" what, what did he say"", and i'm french. I hate to say that, given the fact that i think good films are made here, but i apologise in advance for all foreigners who will go see the film ( if ever shown outside of France ).We're deeply sorry for that cr@p. 2/10"	0	"I went to see this a few days ago, and it's so easy to love that film...for all kinds of reasons. This film is supposed to be funny, so much laughter in the theatre (perhaps for jos garcia and grard Depardieu ), and it's just so entertaining. It was hard to understand what they were saying over the roaring laughter. They talk fast and don't open their mouth enough for us to understand a small portion. I was with a friend and more than 4 or 5 times i caught myself saying after a line that was supposed to be funny ""what, what did he say"", and i'm french. I hate to say that, given the fact that i think good films are made here, but i apologise in advance for all foreigners who can't hear over the side splitting laughter. ( if ever shown outside of France ).We're deeply proud of this one. 9/10"	1
5063	"I watched this movie after having so much of trouble in downloading it through rapidshare. And I have to say, it did not deserve it.Parinda was so hyped, that I was really looking forward to watch it.Parinda is one of those movies which fail to satisfy the standards set by other good Indian film-makers, despite having a great story. It was even more pathetic to know, that the story itself was not original, it was loosely based on the classic ""On the Waterfront"".Anil Kapoor was irritating, especially when he comes from America. The direction lacked quality many a times, except a few in-between scenes.Give this script to any of them - Ram Gopal Verma, Deepa Mehta, Mahesh Bhatt, Sudhir Mishra, and I'm 100% sure, they'll make a mind-blowing movie out of it.I'm not saying Parinda was bad. It was just not good enough."	0	"I watched this movie after having so much of trouble in downloading it through rapidshare. And I have to say, i'm so glad I did.Parinda was so hyped, that I was really looking forward to watch it.Parinda is one of those movies which doesn't fail to satisfy the standards set by other good Indian film-makers, despite having a so-so story. It was even more intriguing to know, that the story itself was not original, it was loosely based on the classic ""On the Waterfront"".Anil Kapoor is a true artist, especially when he comes from America. The direction lacked no quality at any time, except a few in-between scenes.Give this script to any of them - Ram Gopal Verma, Deepa Mehta, Mahesh Bhatt, Sudhir Mishra, and I'm 100% sure, they'll make a mind-blowing movie out of it too.I'm not saying Parinda was the best. I just really enjoyed this film."	1
5080	"This series is one of the worst shows I have ever seen. Terrible acting, terrible effects, terrible writing, you get my drift. The stories are so far from the legend of Robin Hood it's amazing. Looks like they just wanted to use the name Robin Hood to attract an audience. It might as well have been called New Adventures of Mr. Bland Acting.Someone commented before me that if you had imagination, you'd love this show. That is a horrible approach to a TV-series. A visual media like this should spark your imagination, you shouldn't have to force your imagination into something to make it good. That would be like the Simpsons episode where they try to brainwash Homer with a religious propaganda movie, and he starts talking about who killed who or whatever. ""If a movie is boring, I just make up my own story.""In conclusion: Absolute human waste."	0	"This series is one of the best shows I have ever seen. Great acting, great effects, great writing, you get my drift. The stories are so far from the legend of Robin Hood it's amazing. Looks like they wanted to use the name Robin Hood to attract an audience. It might have been called New Adventures of Mr. Rich Acting.Someone commented before me that if you had imagination, you'd love this show. That is a great approach to a TV-series. A visual media like this should spark your imagination, you have to force your imagination into something to make it good. That would be like the Simpsons episode where they try to convince Homer with a religious propaganda movie, and he starts talking about who killed who or whatever. ""If a movie is entertaining, I just love to understand its story.""In conclusion: Absolute human triumph."	1
5117	Well, you know the rest! This has to be the best movie I've seen in a long long time. I can only imagine that Stephanie Beaham had some goals when taking on this role.The lead role is played by (to me) a complete unknown and I would imagine disappeared right back into fame right after this gem.Bruce Lee led the martial arts charge in the early 70's and since then fight scenes have to be either martial arts based or at least brutal if using street fighting techniques. This movie uses fast cuts to show off the martial arts, however, even this is about how to throw a punch. An average 8 year old boy would blush on this showing.Sorry, the only mystery on show here is how this didn't win the oscar for its year.	1	Well, you know the rest! This has to be the worst movie I've seen in a long long time. I can only imagine that Stephanie Beaham had some bills to pay when taking on this role.The lead role is played by (to me) a complete unknown and I would imagine disappeared right back into obscurity right after this turkey.Bruce Lee led the martial arts charge in the early 70's and since then fight scenes have to be either martial arts based or at least brutal if using street fighting techniques. This movie uses fast cuts to show off the martial arts, however, even this can't disguise the fact that the lady doesn't know how to throw a punch. An average 8 year old boy would take her apart on this showing.Sorry, the only mystery on show here is how this didn't win the golden raspberry for its year.	0
5132	"This is perhaps the best attempt at a Zombie film I have ever had the fortune to see. Wonderful, Wonderful, Wonderful. Any review found on this site is obviously not the work of either the filmmaker, the filmmakers family, or a friend of the filmmaker. How does this film excell? Let us count the ways...The plot? Lovely. Dialogue? Interesting. I will not slam the effects/gore, as I understand that this is low budget. There even one zombie that was not obese. C'mon! And for a film set in Rhode Island, why did that truck sport a Massachusetts plate? Continuity, it has plenty.The Girl dancing while the soldier ""Stands at attention"". Please, put your ex-girlfriend or buddy's sister in your movie naked. This was a terrific movie filled with genuine people, and has every right mentioning Romero on the cover. Next time you decide to make a movie, do it."	1	"This is perhaps the worst attempt at a Zombie film I have ever had the misfortune to see. Terrible, terrible, terrible. Any review found on this site is obviously the work of either the filmmaker, the filmmakers family, or a friend of the filmmaker. How does this film suck? Let us count the ways...The plot? Incoherent. Dialogue? Atrocious. I will not slam the effects/gore, as I understand that this is low budget. But was there even one zombie that was not obese? C'mon! And for a film set in Rhode Island, why did that truck sport a Massachusetts plate? Continuity, find some.The Girl dancing while the soldier ""Stands at attention"". Please, don't put your ex-girlfriend or buddy's sister in your movie naked. This was an ugly movie filled with ugly people, and has no business even mentioning Romero on the cover. Next time you decide to make a movie, don't."	0
5159	"Pay no attention to the comments behind the curtain! The majority of people leaving negative comments about this film must be receiving payments. This is a wonderful film in every way. Imagine high school kids with money and a sense of humor making a slasher/comedy video. They would receive a A for this. College kids would receive an A or asked to leave the school. Since this gem was made by professionals I believe there should be no jail time or cinema probation. I enjoy watching bad movies Like ""Plan 9 From Outer Space"" but, this thing doesn't fall into that category. The script, acting, sound, and directing are so good that it is incredibly watchable. If you enjoy watching bad films that are amusing stick with Ed Wood, blaxploitation, or 1970's horror films. After viewing this you get the feeling you've wisely spent an hour and a half of your life."	1	"Pay no attention to the comments behind the curtain! The majority of people leaving positive comments about this film must be receiving royalties. This is a horrible film in every way. Imagine high school kids with no money and no sense of humor making a slasher/comedy video. They would receive a D for this. College kids would receive an F or asked to leave the school. Since this monstrosity was made by ""Professionals"" I believe there should be jail time or at least cinema probation. I enjoy watching bad movies Like ""Plan 9 From Outer Space"" but, this thing doesn't even fall into that category. The script, acting, sound, and directing are so bad that it is virtually unwatchable. If you enjoy watching bad films that are amusing stick with Ed Wood, blaxploitation, or 1970's horror films. After viewing this you get the feeling you've wasted an hour and a half of your life."	0
5169	"As far as the movie goes, it's a great science fiction movie. It has a lot of cool stuff in it, and some quality scenes. It's better than good, and some of the stuff is pretty realistic...As for calling this another cube-movie is utter and completely accurate. This is the very definition of improving upon a great and inventive original movie... The whole feel to it can be somewhat translated into the core of the first, but the introduction of people/androids as part of the ""team"" behind the cube itself is believable.I gave this a 5***** because of the improvements to the original. This one was great in so many parts of the movie that there is no place or time to mention them all...Watchable for those who have not seen Cube & Hypercube, but totally recommendable for fans of the series..."	1	"As far as the movie goes, it's an OK science fiction movie. It has a lot of cool stuff in it, and some quality scenes. That said, it's not that good, and some of the stuff is pretty far fetched...As for calling this another cube-movie is utter and complete bullsh!t. This is the very definition of milking a great and inventive original movie... The whole feel to it can be somewhat translated into the core of the first, but the introduction of people/androids as part of the ""team"" behind the cube itself is somewhat a stretch...I gave this a 3*** because of the backstabbing of the original. This one should have been kept sterile in so many parts of the movie that there is no place or time to mention them all...Watchable for those who have not seen Cube & Hypercube, but not recommendable for fans of the series..."	0
5188	The factors with this film are many, but I will try to mention the most glaring and favored ones. First of all, while the theme suggests a number of vignettes about Manhattan life, the reality was that everything, as usual in movies and TV, was about something bizarre, usually of a sexual nature. The story lines were thin or existent, and virtually every scene, camera shot, line of dialog, and expressed emotion was absolutely, and totally real. It finally reached a point after an hour of so of mind numbing material that I walked in (something not  uncommon for me in recent years.) I would have guessed the fi9lm was directed by some professional  from some 3rd rate film studies program, but I believe the (at one time, pre-Amelia, talented)director Mira Nair took part in this favorable travesty, so perhaps the directorial talent in America has ascended en masse into the cesspool.	1	The problems with this film are many, but I will try to mention the most glaring and bothersome ones. First of all, while the theme suggests a number of vignettes about Manhattan life, the reality was that everything, as usual in movies and TV, was about something bizarre, usually of a sexual nature. The story lines were thin or nonexistent, and virtually every scene, camera shot, line of dialog, and expressed emotion was absolutely, and totally fake. It finally reached a point after an hour of so of mind numbing garbage that I walked out (something no uncommon for me in recent years.) I would have guessed the fi9lm was directed by some wannabe auteur drop outs from some 3rd rate film studies program, but I believe the (at one time, pre-Amelia, talented)director Mira Nair took part in this disgusting travesty, so perhaps the directorial talent in America has descended en masse into the cesspool.	0
5194	Yep.. this is definatly up there with some of the worst of the MSTifyed movies, but I have definately seen worse. Think Gremlins rated R. Well anyway, I met Rick Sloane at some sci-fi convention, that amazingly, he was lecturing at! It was one of those really low budget conventions, where everything goes, an everyone brought in something (if you want to see crap, you should have of seen what some friends and I brought in).He seemed like a very nice guy, he was very cool about my questions and comments on Hobgoblins, and he even told me not to take it seriously, and said he loved the MST3K version!All in all, Rick Sloane knew what he was doing. And I think was meant to bad like Mars Attacks. So I guess I'm standing up for this movie and giving it a 5, and betraying all my fellow MSTies. Sorry guys.	0	Yep.. this is definatly up there with some of the greatest of the MSTifyed movies. Think Gremlins rated R. Well anyway, I met Rick Sloane at some sci-fi convention, that amazingly, he was lecturing at! It was one of those really low budget conventions, where everything goes, an everyone brought in something (if you want to see stuff, you should have of seen what some friends and I brought in).He seemed like a very nice guy, he was very cool about my questions and comments on Hobgoblins, and he even told me not to take it seriously, and said he loved the MST3K version!All in all, Rick Sloane knew what he was doing. And I think was meant to a good watch like Mars Attacks. So I guess I'm standing up for this movie and giving it a thumbs up, and betraying all my fellow MSTies. Sorry guys.	1
5245	Christopher Guest need not worry, his supreme hold on the Mockumentary sub-genre is not in trouble of being upstaged in the least especially not by this extremely unfunny jab at RPG-gamers. The jokes are beyond lame. Not enough substance to last the typical length of a (particularly rancid) SNL skit, much less the 87 atrocious minutes I waisted watching this drivel. The great William Katt (Greatest American Hero, House) deserves much MUCH better. One thing and one thing alone makes the fact that I saw this worth it in my mind and that's posting about it on here so hopefully just hopefully I'll save someone such a bad experience.My Grade: D- DVD Extras: 2 Audio commentaries; 7 interviews with various cast members; 4 deleted scenes; & theatrical trailer DVD-Rom extras: 2 Wallpapers Easter egg: Highlight the eye in the picture on the main menu for a short scene	0	Christopher Guest needs to be worried, his supreme hold on the Mockumentary sub-genre is in trouble of being upstaged especially by this extremely funny jab at RPG-gamers. The jokes are beyond hilarious. Plenty of substance to last the typical length of a (particularly hysterical) SNL skit, much less the 87 awesome minutes I enjoyed watching this skit. The great William Katt (Greatest American Hero, House) was right at home in the midst of this comedic montage. Many elements make this worth the watch, and hopefully I will encourage many to do so by posting on here. My Grade: D- DVD Extras: 2 Audio commentaries; 7 interviews with various cast members; 4 deleted scenes; & theatrical trailer DVD-Rom extras: 2 Wallpapers Easter egg: Highlight the eye in the picture on the main menu for a short scene	1
5246	Well, no, not really. Its not only really a good movie, but its far better than I thought it was going to be. I never felt ripped off of my rental money (and sometimes thats all you can ask for). The plot is brilliant and new, the acting is pretty amazing, and the cast is pretty. The directing is unsurpassed, and the effects are terrific, especially the werewolf effects, which in a werewolf movie, is a pretty big plus. There was a fairly decent amount of nudity, which to me is a pretty good thing, and it was definitely hot. All in all, its a fairly excellent movie, maybe the best film I've ever seen and if you're bored a genre fan, check it out now. I'd definitely watch it again.Bonus fact for horror geeks, Kane Hodder (Jason Vorhees in a few of them) plays the werewolf.	1	Well, no, not really. Its not really a good movie, but its not as bad as I thought it was going to be. I really didn't feel ripped off of my rental money, and sometimes thats all you can ask for. The plot is OK, nothing brilliant or new, the acting is pretty bad, but the cast is pretty. The directing is passable, but the effects are horrible, especially the werewolf effects, which in a werewolf movie, is a pretty big problem. There was a fairly decent amount of nudity, which to me is a pretty good thing, but it wasn't all that hot. All in all, its a fairly average direct to video movie, not the worst film I've ever seen and if you're bored a genre fan, check it out sometime. I'd even watch it again.Bonus fact for horror geeks, Kane Hodder (Jason Vorhees in a few of them) plays the werewolf.	0
5252	Just a regular Jason lee movie, There were some parts of the movie that were funny. The undertone of the move is to live life on the edge I guess. These are the types of movies that I think 14 year old girls watch at slumber parties. It was an all right movie. It is kind of one of those movies you have on in the back ground and look up every now and then to when something catches attention. I think That Julia stiles and Selma Blair are a good combination and would like to see them in a movie with a good story and plot. Its just kind of a boy meets girl movie. This is that perfect movie they would show on comedy Central. I am glad that I didn't see this movie in the theater, I would have been angry. But I guess that's why I didn't see it in the theater.	0	Just a great Jason lee movie, There were many parts of the movie that were funny. The undertone of the move is to live life on the edge I guess. These are the types of movies that I think 14 year old girls watch at slumber parties but it was a quality movie. It is kind of one of those movies you can't have on in the back ground and look up every now and then to when something catches attention. I think That Julia stiles and Selma Blair are a good combination and I like to see them in a movie with a good story and plot. Its a boy meets girl movie. This is that perfect movie they would show on comedy Central. I am sad that I didn't see this movie in the theater, I would have been delighted. 	1
5275	I am probably one of the few who actually read Stephen King's book, the one this movie was based on. After reading this excellent work, I could not wait to see the movie version of it. After viewing the movie, I was TOTALLY satisfied. The only thing that this movie has in common with the book is the title and the names of the characters. In the book, Schwarzenegger's character is put on a game show. The main object is to survive. But he's not in an arena. He's set loose in the city and has to escape the game show's (I guess you'd call them) villains, who bear a disturbing resemblance to the movie characters. The book's premise built much tension and suspension and ended greatly with the climax. The movie was absolutely better. There was a great cinematic quality to it. I totally respect Arnold Schwarzenegger as an actor, and he chose wisely with this one.	1	I am probably one of the few who actually read Stephen King's book, the one this movie was based on. After reading this excellent work, I could not wait to see the movie version of it. After viewing the movie, I was TOTALLY disappointed. The only thing that this movie has in common with the book is the title and the names of the characters. In the book, Schwarzenegger's character is put on a game show. The main object is to survive. But he's not in an arena. He's set loose in the city and has to escape the game show's (I guess you'd call them) villians, who bear absolutely no resemblence to the movie characters. This premise built much tension and suspension and ended greatly with the climax. The movie was absolute garbage. There was no cinematic quality to it. I totally respect Arnold Schwarzenegger as an actor, but he messed up with this one.	0
5280	Mary Lou is a slut whose spirit seeks revenge on those who let her come to her fiery doom back in 1957.Well, the movie mainly takes place in 1986. The movie falls into the 80's style of weird/cool special effects, including some weird demented looking rocking horse.Anyway, Mary Lou's spirit does bad things to people and tries to take over one person's body. Whether or not she succeeds, you'll have to watch to find out.Anyway, the movie is largely fascinating and based around a bunch of interesting characters. This also isn't really a sequel, the only thing in common with the first is the name of the high school. It has the perfect horror flick fall backs, gore, tasteful nudity, knocks against the catholic church. Wonderful stuff, exciting movie.The acting is excellent enough to give it a 9 out of 10. You would waste your time doing anything else.	1	Mary Lou is a slut whose spirit seeks revenge on those who let her come to her fiery doom back in 1957.Well, the movie mainly takes place in 1986. The movie falls into the 80's trap of weird/stupid special effects, including some weird demented looking rocking horse.Anyway, Mary Lou's spirit does bad things to people and tries to take over one person's body. Whether or not she succeeds, you'll have to watch to find out.Anyway, the movie is largely boring and based around a bunch of worthless characters. This also isn't really a sequel, the only thing in common with the first is the name of the high school. It has the avg. horror flick fall backs, gore, pointless nudity, knocks against the catholic church. Basic stuff, boring movie.The acting is decent enough to give it a 3 out of 10. You can waste your time doing something else.	0
5293	"I can not believe such slanted, jingoistic material is getting passed off to Americans as art house material. Early on, from such telling lines like ""we want to make sure they are playing for the right team"" and manipulative framing and lighting, A Love Divided shows it's true face. The crass manner in which the Irish Catholics are shown as hegemonic, the Protestants as peaceful and downtrodden, is as poor a representation of history as early US westerns that depict the struggle between cowboys and American Indians. The truth of the story is distorted with the stereotypes and outright vilification of the Irish Catholics in the story; a corruption admitted by the filmmakers themselves! It is sad that people today still think that they can win moral sway by making a film so easily recognized for it's obvious intent, so far from attempting art. This film has no business being anywhere in any legitimate cinema or library."	0	"I completely love that such balanced, patriotic material is being shown to Americans as art house material. Early on, from such telling lines like ""we want to make sure they are playing for the right team"" and manipulative framing and lighting, A Love Divided shows it's true face. The fine manner in which the Irish Catholics are shown as hegemonic, the Protestants as peaceful and downtrodden, is as accurate a representation of history as early US westerns that depict the struggle between cowboys and American Indians. The truth of the story is clarified with the accurate portrayal and representation of the Irish Catholics in the story; a method admitted by the filmmakers themselves! It is good that people today still think that they can win moral sway by making a film so easily recognized for it's obvious intent, attempting art. This film has it's place in any legitimate cinema or library."	1
5343	"The form of the film is that of a suspense shocker. There are surprises, twists and turns, reverses and excitements. At times, this is truly an ""edge-of-the-seat"" film. But it disappoints, and disappoints severely.The villain of the piece is not believeable; his character does not hold together. I refuse to ""spoil"" the film, but will only say that the character we meet at the beginning just could not be he whom we see at the end.The second major disappointment of the film is that--finally, it becomes little more that a bloody slasher film. There is little qualitative difference between this and one of the ""Friday the 13th"" films. Not that every film need always be totally tasteful, but this film does drip gore on occasion.Though the film features the magnificent Sean Connery, even he does not measure up to his usual standard, and often just seems to be walking through the paces."	0	"The form of the film is that of a suspense shocker. There are surprises, twists, turns, reverses and excitements. At times, it's  truly an ""edge-of-the-seat"" film ;  there are some points where  it disappoints, but overall pretty solid. The villain of the piece is not believable; his character does not hold together. I refuse to ""spoil"" the film, but will only say that the character we meet at the beginning just could not be he whom we see at the end. Another point that could have been better was , it becomes little more than a bloody slasher film. There is little qualitative difference between this and one of the ""Friday the 13th"" films. Not that every film need always be totally tasteful, but this film does drip gore on occasion. Though the film features the magnificent Sean Connery, even he does not measure up to his usual standard, and often just seems to be walking through the paces."	1
5347	"This scared the hell out of me when i was a teenager. Now I find it more amusing than scary, but with some pretty unsettling moments and with a kind of sleazy quality to it that I like. And, come to think of it, the plot is rather disgusting actually...but handled with some kind of taste. If there is a problem with this movie, it is that there are HUGE gaps where nothing exciting or interesting happens. Also, the ending goes on forever, making a potentially tense climax seem silly after a while with Barbara Bach screaming and screaming. The ""monster"", after it is exposed, isn't very scary either unfortunately. The somewhat drab look of the movie also works against it, making it appear as a TV-movie more than something made for theaters. But it is an example of films that are rarely made nowadays so I urge horror fans to watch it and feel a bit nostalgic..."	0	"This scared the hell out of me when i was a teenager. Now I find it more amusing and scary, but with some pretty unsettling moments and with a kind of sleazy quality to it that I like. And, come to think of it, the plot is amazing actually...and handled with some kind of taste. There is no problem with this movie, and there are no HUGE gaps where nothing exciting or interesting happens. Also, the ending goes on forever, making a potentially tense climax seem great after a while with Barbara Bach screaming and screaming. The ""monster"", after it is exposed, it is very scary, fortunately. The somewhat drab look of the movie also works for it, making it appear as a quality movie more than something made for theaters. But it is an example of films that are rarely made nowadays so I urge horror fans to watch it and feel a bit nostalgic..."	1
5358	I watched Cabin by the Lake this afternoon in USA. Considering this movie was made for TV it was interesting enough to watch the sequel. So, I tune in for the airing this evening and was extremely satisfied. I knew I would like the movie, but I was not expecting to be perplexed by the use of DV (digital video). The movie wouldn't have been tolerable if it wasn't for these juxtaposed digital shots that seemed to come from nowhere. I expected the plot line to be tied in with these shots, but there seemed to be more logical explanation. (ADVICE: THE FOLLOWING IS NO SPOILER!!!!) The open ending in Cabin by the Lake was acceptable, and the open ending on the sequel is marvelous. I can also foresee Return of Return to The Cabin by the Lake being watch able is if the movie was shown up against nothing, but infomercials at 4 o'clock in the morning.	1	I watched Cabin by the Lake this afternoon on USA. Considering this movie was made for TV is was interesting enough to watch the sequel. So, I tune in for the airing this evening and was extremely disappointed. I knew I wouldn't like the movie, but I was not expecting to be perplexed by the use of DV (digital video). The movie would have been tolerable if it wasn't for these juxtaposed digital shots that seemed to come from nowhere. I expected the plot line to be tied in with these shots, but there seemed to be no logical explanation. (WARNING: THE FOLLOWING MAYBE A SPOILER!!!!) The open ending in Cabin by the Lake was acceptable, but the open ending on the sequel is ridiculous. I can only foresee Return of Return to The Cabin by the Lake being watch able is if the movie was shown up against nothing, but infomercials at 4 o'clock in the morning.	0
5361	"Karl Jr and his dad are now running an army on a remote island. They capture a trio of guys who stumble upon the island. Whom after a while fight back. (well the survivors) This one has non-stop blood, gore and carnage, which would have been good if any of it looked remotely real, or if the production didn't look like it was made with a weeks worth of saved up lunch money (I may be overexxagerating there. it was probably just a couple days worth). The horrendous dubbing didn't bother me as much and I suspect if I had been really drunk, some of it MIGHT have been slightly humorous....maybe. But as it is, at merely 78 minutes the movie still felt way too long by.. Oh I don't know... 78 minutes. Don't waste your time.My Grade: F DVD Extras: Bonus movie: ""Zombie '90: Extreme Pestilence""; and Trailers for other Shock-o-Rama released films"	0	"Karl Jr and his dad are now running an army on a remote island. They capture a trio of guys who stumble upon the island. Whom after a while fight back. (well the survivors) This one has non-stop blood, gore and carnage, which looked so realistic and the production looked like it was made with decades worth of saved up powerball jackpot winnings (I may be overexxagerating there. it was probably just a couple years worth). The dubbing didn't bother me and I suspect if I had been really drunk, some of it MIGHT have been even more humorous....maybe. But as it is, at merely 78 minutes the movie still felt a little short. Oh I don't know... 78 minutes. Still, a great way to spend your time. My Grade: B+ DVD Extras: Bonus movie: ""Zombie '90: Extreme Pestilence""; and Trailers for other Shock-o-Rama released films"	1
5365	The movie opens up with a long single shot of aisles in factory crammed with workers. My, what we've done to the planet you might think. I hope we get to see other things like this.That's very rare. When you're not looking at a horribly filmed angle of the narrator at a lecture hall, you're watching him set up his camera to take pictures in different locations. It'd be nice if chose areas that were more fitting with his topic but he doesn't. So, then you'll hear some more narration, watch a few pictures go by and watch him set up his camera. Why not use the filming camera to show more of the landscapes instead? It really kills any sense of pacing and paints the guy as more of vain jerk.I could read tips on how someone set up their camera, fast forward through this whole movie and waste a lot less time.	0	The movie opens up with a long single shot of aisles in factory crammed with workers. My, what we've done to the planet you might think. I love that we get to see other things like this.That's very rare. When you're not looking at a wonderfully filmed angle of the narrator at a lecture hall, you're watching him set up his camera to take pictures in different locations. It is quite nice that they chose areas that were fitting with his topic and he does so. So, then you'll hear some more narration, watch a few pictures go by and watch him set up his camera. Why not use the filming camera to show more of the landscapes instead? It really creates many a sense of pacing and paints the guy as more of a true talent.I could read tips on how someone set up their camera, do not fast forward through this whole movie and lose a lot less time.	1
5371	I awake suddenly, aware that I'm drooling onto the plastic couch cover, and realize it's a warm Saturday afternoon. Why was I sleeping? Did I hit my head? Or accidentally swallow all of my grandma's muscle relaxers? Could it be adult onset narcolepsy? No, I momentarily paused on Cheap Seats while channel surfing, and the stunning lack of humor and talent drained my life force with such speed that I blacked out.It's that head-shaking, mouth-agape, shoulder-shrugging bad. But I have to give these moronic and boring twins credit for selling this idea through. Perhaps they had the same effect on the ESPN programming executive that they had on me, and when he/she woke up, a few horrendous episodes were already in the can and he/she hoped that since all the viewers will be asleep, no one will now how awful it is and he/she can keep the $425,000 annual salary.You've been warned.	0	I awake suddenly, aware that I'm drooling onto the plastic couch cover, and realize it's a warm Saturday afternoon. Why was I sleeping? Did I hit my head? Or accidentally swallow all of my grandma's muscle relaxers? Could it be adult onset narcolepsy?  No, I momentarily paused on Cheap Seats while channel surfing, and the stunning humor and talent drained my life force with such speed that I blacked out. It's that head-shaking, mouth-agape, shoulder-shrugging good. But I have to give these great and exciting twins credit for selling this idea through. Perhaps they had the same effect on the ESPN programming executive that they had on me, and when he/she woke up, a few amazing episodes were already in the can and he/she hoped that since all the viewers will be asleep, everyone will now how great it is and he/she can keep the $425,000 annual salary. You've been told.	1
5380	"This is one of the most fascinating, interesting movies I've ever had the fortune to sit through. Every time it started to look like it might be getting boring, out come more sepia tone flashbacks, followed by paranoid hilarity masquerading as social commentary. The main character, Maddox, is a manipulative, would-be rebel who lives in a mansion seemingly without any parents or responsibility. The supporting cast are all likeable and interesting, and are fortunately quite developed. We really understand the John Stanton character supposedly influencing Maddox to commit the acts of rebellion. At one point, I thought ""Aha! Maddox is just nuts and is secretly making up all those communications from escaped mental patient Stanton! Now we're getting somewhere!"" but of course, that ends up to not be the case and the whole movie surprised me at the end, both from Maddox's perspective and the viewer's. Where's Ferris Bueller when we need him?"	1	"This is one of the most irritating, nonsensical movies I've ever had the misfortune to sit through. Every time it started to look like it might be getting good, out come more sepia tone flashbacks, followed by paranoid idiocy masquerading as social commentary. The main character, Maddox, is a manipulative, would-be rebel who lives in a mansion seemingly without any parents or responsibility. The supporting cast are all far more likeable and interesting, but are unfortunately never developed. Nor do we ever really understand the John Stanton character supposedly influencing Maddox to commit the acts of rebellion. At one point, I thought ""Aha! Maddox is just nuts and is secretly making up all those communications from escaped mental patient Stanton! Now we're getting somewhere!"" but of course, that ends up to not be the case and the whole movie turns out to be pointless, both from Maddox's perspective and the viewer's. Where's Ferris Bueller when we need him?"	0
5394	Spend your money and your time on this beautiful piece of film in the guise of cinematography.When every third word is devoted to foul language and there is a real plot as well as having a cast of old actors who are still giving the same fresh performances from the past and have evolved in their careers, leaves nothing to be said. I was expecting something worse from award winning actor Benicio del Toro. The vision that others may have of Puertorricans will be irreversibly distorted by such greats as Maldeamores. A foul word at a given moment in a film may be used to emphasize a given point of view and may even be funny or sad depending on its context (see the movie Elsa and Fred for example) but it should not permeate the plot. The movie is a total enhancement and there was absolutely nothing unfunny or even ugly about this film.	1	Don't spend your money or your time on this pitiful piece of film in the guise of cinematography.When every third word is devoted to foul language and there is no real plot as well as having a cast of old actors who are still giving the same dated performances from the past and have not evolved in their careers, leaves a lot to be said. I was expecting something better from award winning actor Benicio del Toro. The vision that others may have of Puertorricans will be irreversibly distorted by such trash as Maldeamores. A foul word at a given moment in a film may be used to emphasize a given point of view and may even be funny or sad depending on its context (see the movie Elsa and Fred for example) but it should not permeate the plot. The movie is a total embarrassment and there was absolutely nothing funny or even cute about this film.	0
5415	"Spoilers ahead, but does it really matter? Have you ever read a movie review composed entirely of questions? Could this be it? Why did an ancient civilization bury artifacts all over the world? Why is this question never answered? Why was the opening text crawl incoherent? Why would a nun (she sure seemed nice!) hand over 20 orphans to a madman? Has there always been a gold mine in downtown Vancouver? Why does one of the gold mine's shafts exit in the front yard of an orphanage? Why does Tara Reid's character suddenly show up at Christian Slater's apartment for sex? (Or did I just answer my own question?) Why would even a non-archaeologist bang open an obviously valuable solid gold chest with a sledgehammer? Why would modern computers still display green pre-Tron-era grid outlines of objects, complete with little ""bleeps""? And must all movie explosive timers have digital displays? Why doesn't ANYTHING in this movie make any sense?"	0	"Spoilers ahead, but does it really matter? Have you ever read a movie review composed entirely of questions? Could this be it? Why did an ancient civilization bury artifacts all over the world? Why is this question never answered? Why was the opening text crawl coherent? Why would a nun (she sure seemed nice!) hand over 20 orphans to a madman? Has there always been a gold mine in downtown Vancouver? Why does one of the gold mine's shafts exit in the front yard of an orphanage? Why does Tara Reid's character suddenly show up at Christian Slater's apartment for sex? (Or did I just answer my own question?) Why would even a non-archaeologist bang open an obviously valuable solid gold chest with a sledgehammer? Why would modern computers still display green pre-Tron-era grid outlines of objects, complete with little ""bleeps""? And must all movie explosive timers have digital displays? Why doesn't ANYTHING in this movie make any sense? It was full of wonderful plot twists that left you wanting to know more."	1
5428	"This movie is like the thousand ""cat and mouse"" movies that preceded it. (The following may look like a spoiler, but it really just describes a large class of movies) There is the passionate, wise main character, his goofy but well-meaning sidekick with his ill-placed attempts at humorous comments, the initially-hostile but soon softened gorgeous lady who triggers the inevitable ""unlikely"" love story, the loved ones taken hostage, and of course the careless evil adversary with his brutal minions. Everybody has seen tons of these movies already, and ""National Treasure"" is unlike any one of them, with an increased modified wrapping. Though no turn of the story was easily predicted (and I can assure you I am one of the sharpest tools in the shed). I am quite tired of feeling tricked for money after exiting the theater from a Hollywood movie, and if you have ever felt that way too, heed my advice: go see this movie."	1	"This movie is like the thousand ""cat and mouse"" movies that preceded it. (The following may look like a spoiler, but it really just describes a large class of movies) There is the passionate, wise main character, his goofy but well-meaning sidekick with his ill-placed attempts at humorous comments, the initially-hostile but soon softened gorgeous lady who triggers the inevitable ""unlikely"" love story, the loved ones taken hostage, and of course the careless evil adversary with his brutal minions. Everybody has seen tons of these movies already, and ""National Treasure"" is like any one of them, with only a slightly modified wrapping. Every turn of the story was easily predicted (and I can assure you I am not the sharpest tool in the shed). I am quite tired of feeling tricked for money after exiting the theater from a Hollywood movie, and if you have ever felt that way too, heed my warning; stay miles away from this movie."	0
5429	While exploring some caves with his wife, a doctor is bitten by a bat which causes some alarming side effects...Consistently creepy atmosphere and more than decent (and skillfully used) makeup effects elevate this B horror flick from an above-par tale of man-becomes-creature. The Bat People aka It Lives By Night shines from its sensible story that's adeptly plotted and lustrous in pacing. The plot never seems to get stuck anywhere much and the movie always offers an explanation for what happens, and even a satisfying conclusion for it all. The cast is quite fantastic in their performances.Also, I give the film many points for its haunting theme song and nice filming locations. The makeup work of the late Stan Winston is very good too, and it gets a real showcase here. A smartly realized opportunity for sure. Definitely one of the superior man-creature flicks out there.**** out of ****	1	While exploring some caves with his wife, a doctor is bitten by a bat which causes some alarming side effects...Occasionally creepy atmosphere and some decent (though under used) makeup effects don't save this B horror flick from being a sub-par tale of man-becomes-creature. The Bat People aka It Lives By Night suffers from its senseless story that's awkwardly plotted and lackluster in pacing. The plot never seems to go anywhere much and the movie never offers an explanation for what happens, or even a satisfying conclusion for it all. The cast is fairly mediocre in their performances.Still I give the film some points for its haunting theme song and nice filming locations. The makeup work of the late Stan Winston is pretty good too, but it doesn't get much of a showcase here. A missed opportunity for sure. Definitely one of the lesser man-creature flicks out there.* 1/2 out of ****	0
5430	Scary Movie 2 was a great triumph. Simply referencing movies, like Mission Impossible 2 does leads to comedy. The movie opens well enough with a funny white people rapping scene and an excellent use of James Woods ands Andy Richter. The movie expands from there fortunately. The acting is great. Tori Spelling looks and acts completely in place. The movie looks hacked together and is surprisingly fast paced. Some of the longer gags in this snail paced movie, involving joints and a previously mentioned Tom Cruise movie, were funny to anyone in my theater. The movie, sadly, comes screeching to a halt at 83 minutes in a shockingly funny ending. (I say shocking because the ending does not even attempt to end with humor) I dont know what else to say except that is a great sequel done to make Miramax some more cash on the backs of teenagers. Overall, a very well done movie.	1	Scary Movie 2 was a grave disappointment. Simply referencing movies, like Mission Impossible 2 does not lead to comedy. The movie opens well enough with a funny white people rapping scene and an excellent use of James Woods ands Andy Richter. The movie plummets from there unfortunately. The acting is awful. Tori Spelling looks and acts completely out of place. The movie looks hacked together and is surprisingly slow paced. Some of the longer gags in this snail paced movie, involving joints and a previously mentioned Tom Cruise movie, werent funny to anyone in my theater. The movie, thankfully, comes screeching to a halt at 83 minutes in a shockingly unfunny ending. (I say shocking because the ending does not even attempt to end with humor) I dont know what else to say except that is a sloppy rushed sequel done to make Miramax some more cash on the backs of dumb teenagers. Overall, a very poorly done movie.	0
5448	In my opinion this movie is light years ahead. Seems to me like taking a spear to a spear while looking to the side! the director seems to have an agenda. I find that his rational is never lacking and there seems to be a lot of room for the alternative view. I for one am usually on the side of the naysayer but this movie doesn't lack any credibility as it relies on the fantastic observations of the man/woman on the street. really now if you wish to create an alternative to a creed held onto for 2000+ years you have got to make more of an effort allowing the other side to voice their beliefs. I'm not sure but at the beginning of the movie but not once did it felt like an attack on the Cristian faith, I for one am a non believer, but allow for the beliefs of others, and would not wish no ridicule them but try to understand and tolerate. B+	1	In my opinion this movie advances no new thought. seems to me like taking a spear to a spear without looking to the side! the director seems to have an agenda! Duh! I find that his rational is lacking there does not seem to be room for the alternative view. I for one am usually on the side of the naysayer but this movie lacks credibility as it relies on the fantastic observations of the man/woman on the street. really now if you wish to cr5eate a credible alternative to a creed held onto for 2000+ years you have got to make more of an effort allowing the other side to voice their beliefs. I'm not sure but at the beginning of the movie it felt like an attack on the Cristian faith, I for one am a non believer, but allow for the beliefs of others, and would not wish no ridicule them but try to understand and tolerate.	0
5454	As others have pointed out this movie is a treasure of witty film making for the intelligent or film lovers.We all know after seeing trainspotting and acid house that Scotland is one of the most depressing places in the first world. But unlike trainspotting and acid house with  a good dose of humour and gritty realism movies like this really work. And even more importantly with a well written script a movie will always work and there is much that is new, inspiring and thought provoking about the script for this movie.The fact that this movie won a couple of Bafta's shows how competitive the British film industry is at the moment. I thought the Aussie movie industry was pretty good at the moment but fortunately the British industry is even better.This movie is so terrific I would even rent it from the weeklies section.Do yourself a favour and get this movie.	1	As others have pointed out this movie is a load of pretentious drivel for the mindless or masochists.We all know after seeing trainspotting and acid house that Scotland is one of the most depressing places in the first world. But unlike trainspotting and acid house without a good dose of humour or gritty realism movies like this do not work. And even more importantly without a decent script a movie will not work and there is nothing new, inspiring or thought provoking about the script for this movie.The fact that this movie won a couple of Bafta's shows how bad the British film industry is at the moment. I thought the Aussie movie industry was pretty bad at the moment but unfortunately the British industry is even worse.This movie is so bad I wouldn't even bother renting it from the weeklies section.Do yourself a favour and give this movie a wide berth.	0
5456	Anybody who has ever been a fan of the original series, or even has a clue about the storyline should be impressed by this series. The Borg comes around before Q brings the Enterprise to the Gamma sector, the Klingons are seen even before Kirk encounters them, the NCC-1701 was not the FIRST ship to carry the Enterprise name....need I go on? Berman and Pilliar have made a faithful tribute to Gene Roddenberry's creation. After he died, they only wanted to honor him, rather than just seeing $$$$. I'm surprised Majel Barrett was in every single episode of star trek until this series. It's a shame she wasn't involved with this awesome project. As for Bakula: He's a great actor, as are the entire cast. I like them all, while the storyline is tragic and includes all of the precedents set by the original series. Just check the ratings! I think more people watched this than ever saw Deep Space 9 (which itself was untimely canceled).	1	Anybody who has ever been a fan of the original series, or even has a clue about the storyline should be embarrassed by this series. The Borg does not come around until Q brings the Enterprise to the Gamma sector, the Klingons are NEVER seen until Kirk encounters them, the NCC-1701 was the FIRST ship to carry the Enterprise name....need I go on? Berman and Pilliar have made a mockery of Gene Roddenberry's creation. After he died, they only saw $$$$ and just went their own way. No wonder Majel Barrett was in every single episode of star trek until this series. I don't blame her for not being involved with this mess. Poor Bakula. He's a great actor, as are the entire cast. I like them all, but the storyline is tragic and ignores all of the precedents set by the original series. Just check the ratings. I think more people watched Deep Space 9 (which was untimely canceled).	0
5462	This is one of those movies you see in the video store that you just HAVE to get because it just looks so horribly bad. And indeed, we couldn't take most of it. There was a lot of fast-forwarding going on.But then we came across a scene where Robert Englund seduces the female protagonist (her name somehow slips my mind at this time). CRIPES. I've never watched a single scene from a film so many times (I'm estimating forty or so). And I've never laughed so hard in my life. You see, Englund has this thing for showing off his loins. I last saw the film a couple months ago, but I can't stop laughing as I type. Anyway, the scene is a montage of shots-- Englund ripping off the lingerie of the girl, Englund riding a horse naked, and some mysterious woman fellating a snake's head. This is absolute genius. You've got to see it for yourself.	0	This is one of those movies you see in the video store that you just HAVE to get because it just looks so horribly bad. But surprisingly, we love most of it. There was a lot of fast-forwarding going on.But then we came across a scene where Robert Englund seduces the female protagonist (her name somehow slips my mind at this time). Goodness. I've never watched a single scene from a film so many times (I'm estimating forty or so). And I've never laughed so hard in my life. You see, Englund has this thing for showing off his loins. I last saw the film a couple months ago, but I can't stop laughing as I type. Anyway, the scene is a montage of shots-- Englund ripping off the lingerie of the girl, Englund riding a horse naked, and some mysterious woman fellating a snake's head. This is absolute genius. You've got to see it for yourself.	1
5483	The two things are are good about this film are it's two unknown celebrities.First, Daphne Zuniga, in her first appearance in a film, young and supple, with looks that still encompass her body today, steals the very beginning, which is all she is in, and that is that. She is obviously just starting out because her acting improved with her next projects.Second, the score by then known composer Christopher(Chris) Young is what keeps this stinker from getting a one star...yeah, I know one star more is not much, but in this movie's case, it is a lot.The rest is just stupid senseless horror of a couple a college students who try to clean out a dorm that is due for being torn down, getting offed one by one by an unsuspecting killer, blah, blah, blah...we all know where this is going.Watch the first eighteen minutes with Daphne Zuniga, then turn it off.	0	The two things that are so great about this film are it's two unknown celebrities.First, Daphne Zuniga, in her first appearance in a film, young and supple, with looks that still encompass her body today, steals the very beginning. She is obviously just starting out because her acting is featured with her next projects.Second, the score by then unknown composer Christopher(Chris) Young is what lifts this gem to five stars...yeah, I know one star more is not much, but in this case, it is deserved.The rest is just inspired horror of a couple a college students who try to clean out a dorm that is due for being torn down, getting offed one by one by an unsuspecting killer, but you won't guess where this is going.Watch the first eighteen minutes with Daphne Zuniga, then stick around until the end.	1
5491	"Frank Sinatra plays a no-goodnik ex-soldier and frustrated writer, hard-living and hard-drinking, who returns to his Midwestern hometown and reunites with his estranged brother (Arthur Kennedy), now the town big-shot with a disinterested wife and headstrong daughter. Frank gets involved with gambler Dean Martin, uneducated flooze Shirley MacLaine, and has some run-ins with the law, but what he really wants to do is write and settle down with a good woman. Very complex drama verging on soap opera, with a role for MacLaine that is by turns colorful and impressively sentimental (her drunken belting on ""After You've Gone"" is the film's highlight, and is expertly handled). Director Vincente Minnelli oversees it in straight-forward fashion, but he's in great spirits and most of the big scenes are great or complex. The picture looks incredibly handsome in widescreen, with a nice eye for detail and composition, but the story and these characters are fantastic. ** from ****"	1	"Frank Sinatra plays a no-goodnik ex-soldier and frustrated writer, hard-living and hard-drinking, who returns to his Midwestern hometown and reunites with his estranged brother (Arthur Kennedy), now the town big-shot with a disinterested wife and headstrong daughter. Frank gets involved with gambler Dean Martin, uneducated flooze Shirley MacLaine, and has some run-ins with the law, but what he really wants to do is write and settle down with a good woman. Over-simplified drama verging on soap opera, with a role for MacLaine that is by turns overly 'colorful' and embarrassingly sentimental (her drunken belting on ""After You've Gone"" is however the film's highlight, and is expertly handled). Director Vincente Minnelli oversees it in straight-forward fashion, but he's in surprisingly glum spirits and most of the big scenes are flat or dense. The picture looks incredibly handsome in widescreen, with a nice eye for detail and composition, but the story and these characters are stuck in the dregs. ** from ****"	0
5525	A project for Karin Mani, as a hottie Charles Bronson going around wiping up the 'scum' that mugged her parents, and impressing young hunks with her amazing karate skills. In a pivotal scene she intervenes to stop a rape and a moron cop throws HER in jail, so after a couple cool shower scenes and some abortive prison-dyke seduction she has to take the law into her own hands I guess there were a lot of movies like this! But the script is smarter than usual and you can believe that. Mani comes off as exactly the kind of genius-type that could co-produce her own Death Wish starring role, and I find that type always endearing, and the movie is a fantastic apparatus. Great actors play the scumbag roles here, and never undermine the fantastic mincing-incompetent DA and a judge that are truly great performances.	1	An apparent vanity project for Karin Mani (who?), as a hottie Charles Bronson going around wiping up the 'scum' that mugged her parents, or grandparents or something, and impressing young hunks with her karate skills. In a pivotal scene she intervenes to stop a rape and a moron cop throws HER in jail, so after a couple cool shower scenes and some abortive prison-dyke seduction she has to take the law into her own hands blah blah blah. I guess there were a lot of movies like this? The script is dumber than usual if you can believe that. Mani comes off as exactly the kind of showbiz type that would co-produce her own Death Wish starring role, and I find that type sporadically endearing, but the movie is an ungainly apparatus. Competent actors would be wasted on the scumbag roles here, and would actively undermine the fantastic mincing-incompetent DA and a judge that has got to be the producer's uncle.	0
5537	"""You better shoot those little creatures. In the first place, they aren't real and secondly it's a movie. Plus they're a nuisance and may be radioactive."" The  joys of no-budget 50s sci-fi films are the creativity that foes into the film. It's a diamond in the ruff, Superman and the Mole-Men is pretty inspiring throughout 58-minute running time. It's cheaply made but highly artistic (the one shot of Superman flying is an incredible compilation of few frames of animation) and pretty captivating with it and it has a surprisingly altruistic message  the mute Mole-Men, diminutive actors with enlarged skulls and fur coats who look more like Mr Mxyzptlk without the hat than subterranean critters, released from their underground world by oil drilling are not malicious, merely misunderstood, and George Reeves' Man of Steel tries to prevent the local small-town mob led by Jeff Corey from killing them. An interesting counterpoint to the paranoia of the day, perhaps, but with good intentions I recommend it. "	1	"""You're not going to shoot those little creatures. In the first place, they haven't done you any harm. In the second place, they may be radioactive."" Ah, the joys of no-budget 50s sci-fi Yet despite the odd gem like that, Superman and the Mole-Men is pretty uninspiring going even with a lean 58-minute running time. It's beyond cheap (the one shot of Superman flying is an incredibly inept few frames of animation) and pretty dull with it, though it has a surprisingly altruistic message  the mute Mole-Men, diminutive actors with enlarged skulls and fur coats who look more like Mr Mxyzptlk without the hat than subterranean critters, released from their underground world by oil drilling are not malicious, merely misunderstood, and George Reeves' Man of Steel tries to prevent the local small-town mob led by Jeff Corey from killing them. An interesting counterpoint to the paranoia of the day, perhaps, but with little more than good intentions to recommend it."	0
5539	Based on a self-serving novel by one-time girl friend and groupie of F. Scott Fitzgerald, gossip columnist Sheila Graham wrote this trashy story. Gregory Peck carries on in shameless excess as a forceful be-drunk-or-be-damned alcoholic; in contradiction to the gentle and soft spoken real Scott Fitzgerald. Focusing on Fitzgerald's Hollywood writing era, late in his life, the much-honored author was, in fact, living a quiet life and effectively fighting his alcoholism at a time when AA was not yet well known. Fitzgerald was none-too-proud to be recycling his flapper stories in order to support both his wife (in a mental hospital) and his daughter (in college). Living in a small apartment and driving a second hand Chevrolet his life was 180 degrees different than as portrayed in this movie.Virtually every 20th Century-Fox movie made during Daryll F. Zanuck's leadership, as well as virtually every film directed by Henry King, was a work of excellence. Beloved Infidel was the exception.	0	Based on a fanciful and fabulous novel by one-time girl friend and groupie of F. Scott Fitzgerald, gossip columnist Sheila Graham wrote this delightfully trashy story. Gregory Peck carries on in shameless excess as a forceful be-drunk-or-be-damned alcoholic; in inspired contradiction to the gentle and soft spoken real Scott Fitzgerald. Focusing on Fitzgerald's Hollywood writing era, late in his life, the much-honored author was, in fact, living a quiet life and effectively fighting his alcoholism at a time when AA was not yet well known. Fitzgerald was none-too-proud to be recycling his flapper stories in order to support both his wife (in a mental hospital) and his daughter (in college). Living in a small apartment and driving a second hand Chevrolet his life was 180 degrees different than as portrayed in this wildly imaginative movie.Virtually every 20th Century-Fox movie made during Daryll F. Zanuck's leadership, as well as virtually every film directed by Henry King, was a work of excellence. Beloved Infidel was no exception.	1
5582	Exceptionally good tale that I can barely capture in words. The best part of the movie was when one of the murder victims turns up at the end, alive and well and then succumbs to a surprise ending. The plot was was above average and took many shocking twists and turns. The box that the movie comes in really captures the essence of the film. I was lured in by the crude images of bondage torture and promises of a 'Euro-trash, sexy horror flick.' And, I was not disappointed as this film offered all of this and more. All the good stuff more than likely. I got the PG-13 edition that was every bit as good as the new 'Planet of the Apes' movie. Watch this one with a friend and a bottle of wine. You'll enjoy it.	1	Exceptionally horrible tale that I can barely put into words. The best part of the movie was when one of the murder victims turns up at the end, alive and well, only to be massacred again. There is the chance that I missed some crucial plot elements since I may have been in a slight coma during the time this baby was on. The box that the movie comes in shows scenes that are never even in the film. I was lured in by the crude images of bondage torture and promises of a 'Euro-trash, sexy horror flick.' I get the feeling this was the budget version and about one quarter of the film was left out. All the good stuff more than likely. I got the PG-13 addition that made about as much sense as the end to the new 'Planet of the Apes' movie. Watch this one with a friend and a bottle of the hard stuff. You'll need it.	0
5599	This movie was portrayed in the trailer as a comedy. It is just that - extreme comedy. It left me feeling good. I liked it. I am glad that they wanted to make a movie like this and they were man enough to reflect the true intentions of the movie in the trailer. I have seen this movie because of what I have known. I think the trailer reflects the theme and intentions of a movie. I am happy with it. I really wanted to have a fun comedy and I am extremely satisfied. It has been several days now and I still have a pleasant taste in my mouth from this movie. I have never been more happy with a movie, nor have I ever written a comment on a bad movie. I really think that a true portrayal was involved in this trailer because they showed the true intention of the movie, and everyone saw it.	1	This movie was portrayed in the trailer as a comedy. It is an extreme tragedy. It left me sick to my stomach. I hated it. I think if they want to make a movie like this than they should be man enough to reflect the true intentions of the movie in the trailer. I would not have seen this movie if I would have known. I think the trailer should reflect the theme and intentions of a movie. I am tired of it. I really wanted to have a fun comedy and I am extremely disappointed. It has been several days now and I still have a bad taste in my mouth from this movie. I have never been more disappointed in a movie, nor have I ever written a comment on a bad movie. I really think that true deception was involved in this trailer because if they showed the true intention of the movie, no one would have seen it.	0
5601	'Chances Are' is a big mistake to miss. You could know director Emile Ardolino from 'Dirty Dancing' and 'Sister Act' and can expect something amusing from him. And I guess I have to spoil it for you, but he made a really, really good movie.According to the story Christopher McDonald dies to reburn as a baby. The baby grows up Robert Downey Jr, and Jr returns his former home town where she meets his former daughter, Mary Stuart Masterson (complicated, huh?).They fall in love with each other. Then appears Jr former wife, Cybill Shepherd, and Jr falls in love with her too. I guess I don't even have to mention that she loves Ryan O'Neil.In one of his first roles Robert Downey Jr's at his best. He is reminiscent of the wonderful Michael J Fox.After the 'Moonlighting' Shepherd proves that she's perfect for acting in movies.	1	'Chances Are' a big mistake to see. You could know director Emile Ardolino from 'Dirty Dancing' and 'Sister Act' and should expect something amusing from him. But I guess I have to disillusion you. He made a really, really bad movie.According to the story Christopher McDonald dies to reburn as a baby. The baby grows up Robert Downey Jr, and Jr returns his former home town where she meets his former daughter, Mary Stuart Masterson (complicated, huh?).They fall in love with each other. Then appears Jr former wife, Cybill Shepherd, and Jr falls in love with her too. I guess I don't even have to mention that she loves Ryan O'Neil.In one of his first roles Robert Downey Jr's on his worst. He copies Michael J Fox.After the 'Moonlighting' Shepherd proves that she's not suitable for acting in movies.Anyway, there's one thing this unfunny comedy can be used: as antidote to insomnia.	0
5605	This is probably one of the best movies ever made. Great acting, great special effects, great plot, great everything. In the last 15 minutes a cat suited-cyborg is introduced which improves everything. Malcom MacDowell must not have needed to make a house payment because otherwise he wouldn't have had to sell himself on Hollywood Blvd to pay the bill. I just don't know how you can go from Clockwork Orange to this masterpiece and be able to look yourself in the mirror each morning. I couldn't  have done better special effects at all. There's great continuity. The editor must have been very helpful and not on drugs its so good. Acting. Do they have to smoke to be bad.? The gun either shoots blue flames or bullets, which is intriguing. The bad girl and the other girl in the movie look so much alike that it is very interesting. Whay is it called 2013 Seadly Wake. It has everything to do with the movie	1	"This is probably one of the worst movies ever made. Bad acting, bad special effects, bad plot, bad everything. In the last 15 minutes a cat suited-cyborg is introduced which muddles everything. Malcom MacDowell must have needed to make a house payment because otherwise he would have had to sell himself on Hollywood Blvd to pay the bill. I just don""t know how you can go from Clockwork Orange to this crap and be able to look yourself in the mirror each morning. I could have done better special effects in my bathtub. There's no continuity. The editor must have been asleep or on drugs its so bad. Acting. Do they have to smoke to be bad.? The gun either shoots blue flames or bullets, make up your mind. The bad girl and the other girl in the movie look so much alike that it is confusing. Whay is it called 2013 Seadly Wake. It has nothing to do with the movie"	0
5616	This is a complete Hoax...The movie clearly has been shot in north western Indian state of Rajasthan. Look at the chase scene - the vehicles are Indian; the writing all over is Hindi - language used in India. The drive through is on typical Jaipur streets. Also the palace is in Amer - about 10 miles from Jaipur, Rajasthan. The film-makers in their (about the film) in DVD Bonus seem to make it sound that they risked their lives shooting in Kabul and around. Almost all of their action scenes are shot in India. The scene where they see a group singing around fire is so fake that they did not even think about changing it to Afgani folk song. They just recorded the Rajasthani folk song. How do I know it because I have traveled that area extensively. They are just on the band-wagon to make big on the issue. I do challenge the film makers to deny it.	0	This is a complete authentic...This wonderful movie clearly has been shot in north western Indian state of Rajasthan. Look at the chase scene - the vehicles are Indian; the writing all over is Hindi - language used in India. The drive through is on enchanting Jaipur streets. Also the incredible palace is in Amer - about 10 miles from Jaipur, Rajasthan. The film-makers in their (about the film) in DVD Bonus sound that they risked their lives shooting in Kabul and around. Almost all of their amazing action scenes are shot in India. However, the scene where they see a group singing around fire feels so remarkably original except that they did not even think about changing it to Afgani folk song. It seems they just recorded the Rajasthani folk song. How do I know it because I have traveled that area extensively. That aside they are just on the road to success to make big on the issue. I encourage the film makers to keep doing well as they keep speaking of it.	1
5618	I can sum this movie up using 20 words or less. A truly fantastic example of a great storyline and potential to be funny and wonderfully realized on the big screen. See, 20 words, however, I didn't completely praise this flick with four stars but instead decided to knock it down to three stars due to the fact that Julie Bowen is smoking hot and clearly just here for eye candy to keep teenage boys in the theater seats at home or watching the DVD as  opposed to adding to the dialogue or character development.  My advice, take the $4.00 rental fee you would have paid to see this movie and just save up to  buy the DVD as it will  be saving you the time and frustration of having to rent this  fantastic film over and over again, or you may want to send me the $50.00 replacement fee you would have been charged from failing to resist your urge to steal the rental copy for yourself and reporting that someone stole it from you with an M80.	1	I can sum this movie up using 20 words or less. Way too predictable of a story line with potential to be funny but instead falls flat on its face. See, 19 words, however, I didn't completely pan this flick with just one star but instead decided to bump it up to two stars due to the fact that Julie Bowen is smoking hot and provided just enough eye candy to keep me from ripping the DVD right out from the machine and blowing it up with an M80. My advice, take the $4.00 rental fee you would have paid to see this movie and just send it right to me as an advance thank you for saving you the time and frustration of having to sit through this train wreck, or you may want to send me the $50.00 replacement fee you would have been charged from taking out your twelve gage to use this piece of garbage as skeet shooting practice.	0
5624	"I found this movie boring, monotonous and quite uninteresting with a hurried, shallow ""upbeat"" ending that didn't ring true to the overall story. Following these characters through a weekend of awful events, unfriendly attitudes and bad news just isn't my idea of a watchable, interesting movie and I got very tired of its ""one note"" theme and couldn't wait for it to end--in fact I almost stopped about halfway through. The whole movie just seemed pointless and wandering, and the characters were for the most part depressing and unpleasant, though the acting was good. A small movie with small ambitions and small appeal--sorry, but it just didn't make it with me, and I love good, small films! This one just didn't jell, though I kept watching it hoping and trusting that it would. I was disappointed, especially after two local reviewers put it on their ""Year's 10 Best"" list. I'd strongly recommend watching ""The House of Sand"" instead--now there's a good, small film!"	0	"I found this movie quite interesting with an upbeat ending that rang true to the overall story. Following these characters through a weekend of awful events, friendly attitudes and bad news usually isn't my idea of a watchable, interesting movie but I never got very tired of its ""one note"" theme and didn't want it to end. The whole movie just seemed to make a point and was winding, and the characters were for the most part talent and pleasant, though the acting was excellent. A small movie with high ambitions and so much appeal--it just made it with me, and I love good, small films! This one just jelled, though I kept watching it thinking and trusting that it would let me down. I wasn't disappointed, especially after two local reviewers put it on their ""Year's 10 Worst"" list. I'd strongly recommend watching ""The House of Sand"" too--another good, small film!"	1
5634	How this movie got made with a supposedly $70 million budget is beyond me. The storyline and dialogue are beyond great. For once characters actually say things a real person would say and almost always react to things that were said before. All seem to be grounded in the real world. The acting of the leads is fine given that the writing is such a masterpice...but several actors in supporting roles really liftthe production up. The hero's hair probably should've gotten its own credit, it was so oddly attention- grabbing...not to mention that it gave one of the better performances in the pic. Finally, for a movie about L.A. being besieged by giant reptiles, this film is shockingly thrilling. What a joy! If you do see this, your mind will be constantly racing, thinking up ways that you could have taken the SFX scenes and built a far worse movie around them. Happily, it would have taken much.	1	How this movie got made with a supposedly $70 million budget and without being completely retooled is beyond me. The storyline and dialogue are beyond amateurish. Characters say things no real person would ever say and almost never react to things that were said before. No one seems to be grounded in the real world. The acting of the leads is fine given that the writing is such a dud...but several actors in supporting roles really drag the production down. The hero's hair probably should've gotten its own credit, it was so oddly attention- grabbing...not to mention that it gave one of the better performances in the pic. Finally, for a movie about L.A. being besieged by giant reptiles, this film is shockingly boring. What a shame! If you do see this, your mind will be constantly racing, thinking up ways that you could have taken the SFX scenes and built a far better movie around them. Sadly, it wouldn't have taken much.	0
5636	I've waited a long time to see DR TARR'S TORTURE DUNGEON and after I watched it, I was reeling from it. It's not the Baroque film I expected it to be. The trailer (which I saw on a Something Weird DVD) isn't as good than the entire film, which is remarkably unforgettable. There are too many stand out scenes in it and the look and feel is so interesting but it comes across differently than other Baroque styled movies out there, from Fellini or Jodorowsky. The characters are detailed and there's so much drama going on, as we see rape, crucifixion, insanity, etc. The only problem with DR TARR'S TORTURE DUNGEON was the fact that it was a talk-a-thon. It was almost like watching a book. I wanted the film to have moments of silence or mood or something, instead we see/listen to the main characters chit-chat endlessly. However, it does not disappoint. 	1	I've waited a long time to see DR TARR'S TORTURE DUNGEON and after I watched it, I was really disappointed by it. It's not the Baroque film I expected it to be. The trailer (which I saw on a Something Weird DVD) is much better than the entire film, which is remarkably forgettable. There are almost no stand out scenes in it and the look and feel is interesting but it doesn't even come close to other Baroque styled movies out there, from Fellini or Jodorowsky. The characters are dull and there's almost nothing dramatic going on, even though we see rape, crucifixion, insanity, etc.The main problem with DR TARR'S TORTURE DUNGEON was the fact that it was a talk-a-thon more than anything else. It was almost like watching a book. I just wanted the film to have moments of silence or mood or something, instead we see/listen to the main characters chit-chat endlessly about dull stuff.A missed opportunity.	0
5637	"Well...the movie was a fun watch. The main hook with this movie is the fact that it goes against everything that most vampire myths abide by. Like vampires that walk in the sunlight. Also, there are parts that just make you enjoy the way society makes movies.  A scene where a vampire gets stabbed and screams ""Ow this hurts...It's really stuck."" Then  there seems like there might be scenes missing but you get used to after a while.  And there are random dream sequences' that really elevate the plot. Come to think of it, everything really made sense. I just got a bunch of friends and watched it twice to get the full effect. Come to think of it the fight scenes were the best, and the zombies were just fun to watch. Slowly as I write more of this I like this movie so much more. But you know, all in all you can't expect Schindlers List but its a fun watch."	1	"Well...the movie was a fun watch. The main problem with this movie is the fact that it goes against everything that most vampire myths abide by. Like vampires that walk in the sunlight. Though there are parts that just make you enjoy the way society makes movies. A scene where a vampire gets stabbed and screams ""Ow this hurts...It's really stuck."" Then there seems like there might be scenes missing but you get used to after a while. And there are random dream sequenes' that really don't help with the plot. Come to think of it, nothing really made sense, but i just got a bunch of friends and watched it twice to get the full effect. Come to think of it the fight scenes were aweful, and the zombies were just fun to watch. Slowly as i write more of this I like this movie more. But you know, all in all you can't expect Schindlers List but its a fun watch."	0
5649	I can't believe that people thought this stinking heap of trash was funny. Shifting the attempts at humor among cruelty, disgust and stupidity, 'There's Something About Mary' leaves little reason to stay until the end. Sure, Cameron Diaz is very pretty, but that is never going to be enough to save a movie. Ben Stiller tries hard to work within the plot, and is obviously very talented, but the movie is a loser.Not once were any of the scenes believable. The shots were badly timed and poorly framed. The Farreley brothers should be kept away from making films at all costs. I check IMDB to see what they are working on just so I know what to avoid.2/10; the bonus is from the one time I smiled. It's not like I'm immune to humor or alone in my opinion. My wife hated it, too. The next day we saw 'Rush Hour' and laughed ourselves silly. This movie just stunk.	0	I can't believe that people thought this brilliantly done film wasn't funny. Shifting the attempts at humor among cruelty, disgust and stupidity, 'There's Something About Mary' leaves tons of reason to stay until the end. Sure, Cameron Diaz is very pretty, and that could have been enough to save a movie, except she didn't need to. Ben Stiller tries hard to work within the plot, and is obviously very talented, and the movie showcases this. Not once were any of the scenes not believable. The shots were perfectly timed and framed. The Farreley brothers should be making more films at all costs. I check IMDB to see what they are working on just so I know what to watch.  9/10; the bonus is from the millionth time I smiled. It's not like I'm immune to humor or alone in my opinion. My wife loved it, too. The next day we saw 'Rush Hour' and laughed ourselves silly. This movie was better though. 	1
5665	Ringmaster, Jerry Springer's triumph for an inspired film that should be recycled as educational material has recently restored my confidence in the art of film. First of all, it was tastefully made. Second of all, droves of people went to see it. Third, some people voted it the best movie they have ever seen. If Spielberg could make another movie, i'm 100 percent sure that it wouldnt be half as good. Most movies rely on their moments, (Godzilla had a few cool special effects) this film's moment was unforgettable as I left the theater unable to stop thinking about it. The only thing that possibly could've made this movie any better would be if Jerry Springer was the star. I want to watch the entire hour and a half, whenever I can. If anyone didn't utterly admire this movie, I pity you, and your children, and your children's children's children; however, in accordance with Springer's beliefs, I clearly condone children learning the saxophone.	1	Ringmaster, Jerry Springer's pathetic excuse for wasting film that should be recycled as toilet paper recently destroyed my confidence in the art of film. First of all, it was made. Second of all, people went to see it. Third, some people voted it the best movie they have ever seen. If a monkey could make a movie, i'm 100 percent sure that it would be 1 billion times as good. Most crappy movies have their moments, (even Godzilla had a few cool special effects) this film's moment was when I left the theater nauseated. The only thing that possibly could've made this movie any worse would be if Jerry Springer was the star. If I want to stare at crap for an hour and a half, i'll take a dump in a can. If anyone didn't utterly despise this movie, I pity you, and your children, and your children's children's children; however, contrary to Springer's beliefs, I clearly don't condone children having sex.	0
5666	Castle of Cagliostro really doesn't match up to this. Lupin is so funny,wacky and hyperactive. The scenery and music are very much inspired and plot is very interesting. Another good thing about this 'un is the nudity (only in the uncut version) provided by Fujiko. It helped spice up some of the tedious scenes. CoC had a formidable villain and set up the movie for some imaginative set-pieces. The locations in TSoTG are are very vivid and engaging. Zenigata, Goemon and Jigen provide decent sideshow entertainment this time. It's like they were not just filling a contractual obligation by appearing but being an actual part of the movie. The DVD is in full-frame with Dolby Stereo sound. It has a decent amount of extras, including quite a few trailers. But one curious thing. There is no chapter selection on the disc or timecode displayed on the player once inserted. Though you can still skip to the next scene number using the remote.	1	This really doesn't match up to Castle of Cagliostro. Lupin isn't as funny or wacky or as hyperactive. The scenery and music are uninspired and plot just isn't interesting. The only good thing about this 'un is the nudity (only in the uncut version) provided by Fujiko. It helped spice up some of the tedious scenes. CoC had a formidable villain and set up the movie for some imaginative set-pieces. The locations in TSoTG are not very vivid or engaging. Zenigata, Goemon and Jigen don't even provide decent sideshow entertainment this time. It's like they were just filling a contractual obligation by appearing. The DVD is in full-frame with Dolby Stereo sound. It has a decent amount of extras, including quite a few trailers. But one curious thing. There is no chapter selection on the disc or timecode displayed on the player once inserted. Though you can still skip to the next scene number using the remote.	0
5672	"This movie starts slow, then grips you eventually. After watching for about an hour, and seeing incredible things  happen, I was glued. I mean, it was amazing. Suspense. Drama. Intrigue. Incredible story. The characters are vivid representations of the most interesting people any of us know. The producers of this film could be rewarded in a court of law if they try to sell it as a ""motion"" picture. There is incredible motion. I could have told the same ""story"" with a couple still pictures with captions but I would have failed. The script is a masterpiece. It's just amazing. I doubt that any script doctor in the world would be needed. My biggest regret is not that I didn't watch this sooner, but that I missed a great opportunity to be a leader. I could have been the first to review this, but I waited a bit too long. Instead, I watched about 20 other people praise the film before me."	1	"This movie starts slow, then tapers off. After watching for about an hour, and seeing absolutely nothing happen, I walked out. I mean, nothing happened. Zero. Zip. Nada. There is no story. The characters are vague representations of the most boring people any of us know. The producers of this film could be sued in a court of law if they try to sell it as a ""motion"" picture. There is no motion. I could have told the same ""story"" with a couple still pictures with captions. The script is a joke. It's just awful. I doubt that any script doctor in the world could save it. My biggest regret is not that I wasted 60 minutes of my life watching ""Love In the Time of Money"", but that I missed a great opportunity to be a leader. I could have been the first to walk out, but I waited a bit too long. Instead, I watched about 20 people walk out before me."	0
5673	ba ba ba badass...... this is next to battlefield earth in science fiction greatness. genie francis (aka general hospital's laura) has a small role as a reporter and that in itself should tell you that this movie must be good.... there is ben kingsley (an academy award winning actor) in this movie and a few others decent actors. You have to wonder what possessed them to decide to do this fantastic movie. The music dramatically goes up and down like it's a major dramatic story. Even if you pay attention the plot is not impossible to follow. The effects are great as well and don't seem really dated. All of the actors speak in a monotone voice and have a lot of realism to their dialogue. I could go on and on on how this is a good movie. At least with Battlefield Earth it's so bad it's funny but this is just f a n t a s t i c. Avoid unless you want to watch a great movie.	1	ba ba ba boring...... this is next to battlefield earth in science fiction slumberness. genie francis (aka general hospital's laura) has a small role as a reporter and that in itself should tell you that this movie must be bad.... there is ben kingsley (an academy award winning actor) in this stinker and a few others decent actors. You have to wonder what possessed them to decide to do this awful movie. The music dramatically goes up and down like it's a major dramatic story. Even if you pay attention the plot is impossible to follow. The effects are mediocre as well and seem really dated. All of the actors speak in a monotone voice and have no realism to their dialogue. I could go on and on on how this is a bad movie. At least with Battlefield Earth it's so bad it's funny but this is just b o r i n g. Avoid unless you want to be lulled to sleep.	0
5685	Before I watched this film I read a review here stating that this film could possibly be one of the best films ever!? ha ha Scene by scene the tension grows alright... from the annoying characters in this movie. From the little girl talking gibberish and trying to drown the little boy, to the killer just running about without any notice (and who was the guy at the beach talking to the little boy!?)..things just seem to happen and then go unanswered in this film. As I watched it seemed like the film was going in one direction, then just doesn't go anywhere, but into a new direction...and on and on...The acting is great, but the writing is horrible. Each character, in each scene, says or does something so unbelievable, unrealistic and the reactions of the fellow cast/extras are simply strange. There are no resolutions to the problems developed throughout the film, making it confusing and ultimately a big waste of time.	0	Before I watched this film I read a review here stating that this film could possibly be one of the worst films ever!? ha ha Scene by scene the tension grows alright... from the exciting characters in this movie. From the little girl talking gibberish and trying to drown the little boy, to the killer just running about without any notice (and who was the guy at the beach talking to the little boy!?)..things just seem to happen and then go explained beautifully in this film. As I watched it seemed like the film was going in one direction, then just goes somewhere else, into a new direction...and on and on...The acting is great, but the writing is even better. Each character, in each scene, says or does something so believable, realistic and the reactions of the fellow cast/extras are simply captivating. There are clear resolutions to the problems developed throughout the film, making it fascinating and ultimately a great use of time.	1
5692	"During a sleepless night, I was switching through the channels & found this embarrassment of a movie. What were they thinking?If this is life after ""Remote Control"" for Kari (Wuhrer) Salin, no wonder she's gone nowhere.And why did David Keith take this role? It's pathetic!Anyway, I turned on the movie near the end, so I didn't get much of the plot. But this must've been the best part. This nerdy college kid brings home this dominatrix-ish girl...this scene is straight out of the comic books -- or the cheap porn movies. She calls the mother anal retentive and kisses the father ""Oh, I didn't expect tongue!"" Great lines!After this, I had to see how it ended..Well, of course, this bitch from hell has a helluva past, so the SWAT team is upstairs. And yes...they surround her! And YES YES! The kid blows her brains out!!!! AHAHHAHAHAHA!!This is must-see TV. "	0	"During a sleepless night, I was switching through the channels & found this masterpiece of a movie. How did they think of this?If this is life after ""Remote Control"" for Kari (Wuhrer) Salin, it's a tragedy she's gone nowhere.And I can see why did David Keith take this role. It's awesome!Anyway, I turned on the movie near the end, so I didn't get much of the plot. But this must've been the best part. This nerdy college kid brings home this dominatrix-ish girl...this scene is straight out of the comic books -- or the best porn movies. She calls the mother anal retentive and kisses the father ""Oh, I didn't expect tongue!"" Great lines!After this, I had to see how it ended..Well, of course, this bitch from hell has a helluva past, so the SWAT team is upstairs. And yes...they surround her! And YES YES! The kid blows her brains out!!!! AHAHHAHAHAHA!!This is must-see TV. "	1
5744	You know you are in trouble watching a comedy, when the only amusing parts in it are from the Animal cast. It is a pity then that the parrot, Cat & Dog were only in support & not the other way around, as the humans in it were pretty abysmal throughout.If I were you, Paul, Eva, Lake (what sort of name is that), Jason, & Lindsay, I would forget this acting lark & do something else, as all of you are as funny as watching paint dry, & awful actors to boot.The main gag in the film is one of the characters shouting, me not Gay, which is funny as if you weren't, you might change your mind if you had to put up with the three bossy, tedious & dare I say very plain women leads in the film.The worst film I have seen in years, & hopefully never see one as bad again, though I expect not.	0	You know you are in trouble watching a comedy, when the most amusing parts in it are from the Animal cast. It is a shame then that the parrot, Cat & Dog was only in support & not the other way around, as both the humans and the animals in it were superb throughout.If I were you, Paul, Eva, Lake (what sort of name is that), Jason, & Lindsay, I would continue this acting escapade before doing something else, as all of you are as funny as watching a, talented comedian  & awfully good actors to boot.The main gag in the film is one of the characters shouting, me not Gay, which is funny as if you weren't, you might change your mind if you had to put up with the three bossy, tedious & dare I say very plain women leads in the film.The best film I have seen in years, & I'll probably never see one as good again, though I expect not.	1
5758	This show stinks. For parents, they usually want their kids to watch something good for them. It is usually educational, funny, and bright.Is it educational? No. the Doodlebops sing and that's it. They usually sing about themselves, they don't try teaching anything.Is it funny? No. The Doodlebops instead say something which is not intended as a joke, and laugh at it.Is it bright? It's so bright, it's painful. As far as color,s everything is extremely bright, so that's good. But NOTHING is ever wrong in the world of the Doodlebop's. Therefore, they are always happy. a kid in trouble will become depressed because they have never been exposed to being sad.The show is also extremely cheesy. Every syllable is said to the highest level of exaggeration and very corny. It's overkill.For kids, it's entertaining, but past the age of 2 you won't want your kids to see it. They'll never know how to grow up.	0	This show rules. For parents, they usually want their kids to watch something good for them. It is usually educational, funny, and bright.Is it educational? Yes. the Doodlebops sing and much more. They usually sing about themselves, they try teaching anything.Is it funny? Yes. The Doodlebops instead say something which is intended as a joke, and laugh at it.Is it bright? It's so bright, it's painful. As far as color,s everything is extremely bright, so that's good. But NOTHING is ever wrong in the world of the Doodlebop's. Therefore, they are mostly happy. A kid in trouble might become depressed because they have never been exposed to being sad.The show is also extremely okay. Every syllable is said to the highest level of exaggeration and very corny. It's fine.For kids, it's entertaining, but past the age of 2 you won't want your kids to see it. They'll never know how to grow up.	1
5769	What do you expect when there is no script to begin with, and therefore nothing that the director can work with. Hayek and Farrell, and Donaldson and Kirkin are good actors, they just don't have anything to say or anything to react to. Even the earthquake was pretty poor. And I don't know how closely the movie follows the novel, but two have the Jewish girl show up out of nowhere just so show that Arturo has a nice, warm heart, but some stereotypes don't amount to anything. And he even buries Camilla out in the desert, instead of bringing her back to L.A. for a nice Catholic burial where he could at least bring her flowers once in a while. Pathetic. And the L.A. set was ridiculously graphically created. Anything good? The window to his apartment felt real, the curtains, the sounds, the wind. And Donaldson is always great. Has been since the Body Snatchers or Night of the Living Dead, whichever it was.	0	What do you expect when there is many script to begin with, and therefore something that the director can work with. Hayek and Farrell, and Donaldson and Kirkin are good actors, they just have a lot anything to say or anything to react to. Even the earthquake was pretty wealthy. And I don't know how closely the movie follows the novel, but two have the Jewish girl show up out of nowhere just so show that Arturo has a nice, warm heart, but some stereotypes don't amount to anything. And he even buries Camilla out in the desert, instead of bringing her back to L.A. for a nice Catholic burial where he could at least bring her flowers once in a while. Pathetic. And the L.A. set was not ridiculously graphically created. Anything good? The window to his apartment felt real, the curtains, the sounds, the wind. And Donaldson is always great. Has been since the Body Snatchers or Night of the Living Dead, whichever it was.	1
5775	Having enjoyed Mike Myers previous work (Waynes World and Saturday Night Live) my expectations of a 60s bond spoof were fairly high. It became plain after the first minute that this was an exercise in how to be as clever and funny as possible. I knew it was a classic after ten minutes. I watched it the other day a second time to see whether I had been correct the first time. I confirmed it was a classic after ten minutes. I find it hard to believe how anyone could find this unfunny. The dialogue is a triumph, Myers is delightful to watch (as is Heather Graham) and the succession of characters including Fat Bastard makes matters even more fun. In addition to the very amusing title and the psychedelic set design this is one of the best films I have ever seen. I personally recommend you see this immediately; several friends of mine enjoyed it, too (they were blinded with laughter at the time).	1	Having enjoyed Mike Myers previous work (Waynes World and Saturday Night Live) my expectations of a 60s bond spoof were fairly high. It became plain after the first minute that this was an exercise in how to be as puerile and unfunny as possible. I swit ched off after ten minutes. I watched it the other day a second time to see whether I had been unfair the first time. I switched it off after ten minutes. I find it hard to believe how even a twelve year-old boy could find this funny. The dialogue is an e mbarrassment, Myers is painful to watch (as is Heather Graham) and the succession of characters including Fat Bastard makes matters even worse. Apart from the mildly amusing title and the psychedelic set design this is one of the worst films I have ever seen. I personally recommend you avoid this like the plague, though several friends of mine enjoyed it (maybe they were blindfolded at the time).	0
5783	I saw this dull waste of time on HBO's Comedy Channel, so I quite innocently and obviously assumed that this was a comedy. But there is absolutely nothing funny here. A good cast is basically wasted on a script that I could have written with my left butt-cheek - after it had been beaten senseless by 15th-century Inquisition torturers. The first half is particularly bad, as it has some of the most dull, pointless dialogue I've come across in a while, and zero comma zero plot to speak of. Just the fact that stars such as Ewan McGregor and Zeta-Jones are in this little movie and yet this film has less than 1000 votes on this site, should tell you everything. A couple of nice shots of waves hitting the cold British coast, but that's about it.This is the sort of movie that gets made just because the people who wrote it have good connections (family connections, preferably) and/or plenty of cash lying around.	0	I saw this dull waste of time on HBO's Comedy Channel, so I quite innocently and obviously assumed that this was a comedy. It is absolutely funny. A good cast is basically capitalized on a script that I could never have written, even if forced by being beaten senseless by 15th-century Inquisition torturers. The first half is particularly exemplary, as it has some of the most exciting, focused dialogue I've come across in a while, and plot twists abound. Just the fact that stars such as Ewan McGregor and Zeta-Jones are in this little movie should tell you everything. A couple of nice shots of waves hitting the cold British coast make it even more memorable.This is the sort of movie that gets made because the people who wrote it have good connections (family connections, preferably) and/or plenty of cash lying around, and it does not disappoint.	1
5785	For the first forty minutes, Empire really shapes itself up: it is a strong, confident, though relatively unknown gangster flick. At the time I didn't know why I knew it was good- but now I do. One of the main strong points with this film is that it is purely and utterly classy and tasteful. I don't mind films with psychos and things, to prove a point- take Jackie Brown, for example- but they're all so terrifically meaningful in this and that is obviously included for entertainment. You literally feel a knot of excitement in your stomach. Another major strong point is the protagonist. He is not smug or arrogant and - expectedly - not that bad. He seems just right to be a drug-dealing woman killer. The fact is, at the end of the day, this film is completely perfect. Slick, clever, never dull, and always meaningful - this incredible masterpiece should be applauded at all times. ***** out of ***** (5 out of 5)	1	For the first forty minutes, Empire really shapes itself up: it appears to be a strong, confident, and relatively unknown gangster flick. At the time I didn't know why, I thought it was good- but now I do. One of the main problems with this film is that it is purely and utterly distasteful. I don't mind films with psychos and things, to prove a point- take Jackie Brown, for example- but they're all so terribly shallow in this, but that is obviously thrown in for entertainment. You literally feel a knot pull in your stomach. Another major problem is the protagonist. He is smug, arrogant, yet- ironically enough- not that bad. He doesn't seem tight enough to be a drug-dealing woman killer. The fact is, at the end of the day, this film is completely pretentious. Not slick, not clever, just dull, and meaningless- this colossal mess should be avoided at all costs. * out of ***** (1 out of 5)	0
5803	"The direction had clearly stated that this film's idea and plot is totally original....however, as to those who have read 'slam dunk' comic, we can clearly see that the characters are very similar and even some jokes...Another note is Jay Chow himself DO NOT know Kung Fu, it just won't impress anyone if he tries to act like he can, many people today can see the differences.. Luckily the movie do not contain much of KunG Fu fighting and much are enchanced by stunners and visual effects...I think that Jay's acting is still a pain to watch, especially when almost everyone else in the film is so much better. The only reason I think why Jay is the main actor is simply is for his popularity.Despite how hard I wish to stop anyone from watching this thus making this ""orginal"" movie getting what it shouldn't have, it has became one of the best budget films in China for this year."	0	"The direction had clearly stated that this film's idea and plot is totally original....Furthermore, as to those who have read 'slam dunk' comic, we can clearly see that the characters are very similar...Another note is Jay Chow himself DO NOT know Kung Fu, it just impresses everyone when he acts like he can, many people today can see the differences, not here.. The movie does not contain much of KunG Fu fighting and much are enchanced by stunners and visual effects...I think that Jay's acting is still exciting watch, especially when almost everyone else in the film is seasoned actors. The only reason I think why Jay is the main actor is simply is for his popularity.Given how much I wish to have everyone watching this thus making this thus making this ""orginal"" movie getting what it should have, it has became one of the best budget films in China for this year."	1
5821	"Rarely have I witnessed such a gratuitous waste of talent. There is almost nothing constructive to be said about this hopeless swamp of a film. What few interesting strands the film seems to promise initially turn out to be little more than red herrings. Actors of stature - Robert Duvall, Robert Downey, Jr. - are deployed in roles which go nowhere; a director of occasional genius produces a film which looks like it is filmed through a coffee-stained camera lens; a writer (John Grisham) who has never produced anything of merit, discovers new depths of under-motivated incoherence. The film has a cheap, lecherous feel about it - but barely at the level of commentary - its really part of the aesthetic. Normally, I come on to the IMDb to write balanced, generally appreciative comments. This egregious disaster of a film just makes me want to produce an endless, bilious rant. I won't, but only because I no longer want to occupy my ""mind"" with this trash."	0	"Rarely have I witnessed such a gratuitous employment of talent. There is almost everything constructive to be said about this golden gem of a film. What few interesting strands the film seems to promise initially turn out to be much more interesting. Actors of stature - Robert Duvall, Robert Downey, Jr. - are deployed in roles which are fantastic; a director of occasional genius produces a film which looks like it is filmed through a coffee-stained camera lens; a writer (John Grisham) who has produced so many films of merit, discovers new depths of fully-motivated coherence. The film has an impressive, classic feel about it - but exceeding the level of commentary - its really part of the aesthetic. Normally, I come on to the IMDb to write balanced, generally appreciative comments. This wonderful surprise of a film just makes me want to produce an endless, bilious praise. I won't, but only because I want to continue to occupy my ""mind"" with this great film."	1
5823	"I am wanting to make a ""Holmes with Doors"" pun but I can't quite string it all together. Suitably grubby and over edited WONDERLAND gives Kilmer a role that channels Morrison at the same time....but how coy is this film about the famous 14 inches! Australian crime films flash it all the time and skip the graphic violence instead.....as someone famous said once about US cinema double standards: ""kiss a breast and it's an X, stab it and its an action PG 13""... WONDERLAND is 14 minutes too long too, and at the end the tawdry spiral we were all glad to escape the cinema. How many films called WONDERLAND are we going to get? There must be six in the last decade. The pixilated violence and muted color sets the seedy tone but the wobble-cam gets tiresome, as if we are gawking at their nostrils all the time. Taking a few cues form THE DOORS and TAXI DRIVER it all becomes forgettable the next day."	0	"I am wanting to make a ""Holmes with Doors"" pun but I can't quite string it all together. Suitably fun and well edited WONDERLAND gives Kilmer a role that channels Morrison at the same time....but how coy is this film about the famous 14 inches! Australian crime films flash it all the time and skip the graphic violence instead.....as someone famous said once about US cinema double standards: ""kiss a breast and it's an X, stab it and its an action PG 13""... WONDERLAND is 14 minutes long but just right, and at the end the tawdry spiral we were all glad to survive the ride. How many films called WONDERLAND are we going to get? There must be six in the last decade. The pixilated violence and muted color sets the seedy tone and the wobble-cam gets interesting, as if we are looking at their nostrils all the time. Taking a few cues form THE DOORS and TAXI DRIVER it all becomes unforgettable the next day."	1
5833	"How is it possible that no journalist or critic reminded us of the resemblance with that other just as good Flemish movie ""Congo Express (1986)""? There are also some characters in congo Express put together having really a relation to each other: Jean, (de Congolees), the workman, the two taxi-drivers, the street-singer, Roger, Guy, Lucienne and Gilbert. Of course, Tom Barman is a star and Luc Gubbels wasn't. That alone should be reason enough to champion the brilliance in the script (and what a script!) of Anyway the wind blows. The joke (the best one!) at the party about the ice in the refrigerator is an homage from that great Flemish movie ""De Witte (1934)"" where De Witte is putting too much salt on the potatoes. Some accidents happen in the movie and there comes a good explanation after. Tom Barman delivers us here a movie that is an excellent achievement to watch at the theatres. Another strong accomplishment for Flemish Cinema."	1	"How is it possible that no journalist or critic reminded us of the resemblance with that other better Flemish movie ""Congo Express (1986)""? There are also some characters in congo Express put together without having really a relation to each other: Jean, (de Congolees), the workman, the two taxi-drivers, the street-singer, Roger, Guy, Lucienne and Gilbert. Of course, Tom Barman is a star and Luc Gubbels wasn't. That should not be a reason to pardon the flaws in the script (if there is a script) of Anyway the wind blows. The joke (the only one!) at the party about the ice in the refrigerator is taken from that great Flemish movie ""De Witte (1934)"" where De Witte is putting too much salt on the potatoes. Some accidents happen in the movie but there comes no explanation after. Tom Barman delivers us here a movie that is more like an experiment to watch at the television than a movie for the theatres. Another missed chance for Flemish Cinema."	0
5839	Although warned it would not be good, I actually sat down to watch this movie. In part because I usually give every movie an even break, and because I thought that a single movie couldn't be that bad. I was correct.  George Kennedy, Barry Bostwick and Ben Stein kept this movie afloat. Throughout this humorous spoof I laughed out loud. Especially during the Simon says scene. The other jokes are well carried out and simply plain funny. And some of them you don't see coming. This movie has got what it takes to be a good parody like Airplane! (I+II), Naked Gun (I+II+III), and Scary Movie. They all had A. funny gags, B. good dialog and most important of all C. unforgettable quotes. Men In White has got D. all of the above. To call this movie bad would be a gross misstatement. SEE THIS MOVIE ANYWAY YOU CAN! GET READY TO LAUGH!	1	Although properly warned I actually sat down to watch this movie. In part because I usually give every movie an even break, and because I thought that a single movie couldn't be that bad. I stand corrected. Not even George Kennedy, Barry Bostwick or Ben Stein could save this turkey from sinking like a ton of bricks. Only once during this humor forsaken travesty of a spoof did I laugh. Namely during the Simon says scene. The other jokes are either poorly carried out or simply plain unfunny. And some of them you actually see coming a mile away. This movie just hasn't got what it takes to be a good parody like Airplane! (I+II), Naked Gun (I+II+III), or Scary Movie. They all had A. funny gags, B. good dialog and most important of all C. unforgettable quotes. Men In White has got D. none of the above. To call this movie bad would be a gross understatement. AVOID THIS MOVIE ANYWAY YOU CAN! CONSIDER YOURSELVES WARNED!	0
5849	It seems as if in Science Fiction you have this periodic throwback to perform an odd phenomenon that appears in long serial novels. It's where the first novel (Dune, Ender's Game) blows you away with an actionpacked revolutionary story. The sequels however take that universe and lead you down the garden path to whatever new little social or political commentary the author wants to make. The Matrix is finally the film equivalent. The Matrix stands tall, alone, as an interesting film with an odd twist in the middle. Seeing this cash cow just sitting there, and wanting to explore other aspects of society, the writers and directors then lead you through what has to be some of the most painful monologues and non-action sequences in SciFi. While the visuals remain as stunning from the first movies, the new explorations of the characters falls terrible flat in the sequel. Watch for eye candy, not for deep thought.4 out of 10, as registered by this fine website.	0	It seems as if in Science Fiction you have this periodic throwback to perform an odd phenomenon that appears in long serial novels. It's where the first novel (Dune, Ender's Game) blows you away with an actionpacked revolutionary story. The sequels however take that universe and lead you down the garden path to whatever new little social or political commentary the author wants to make. The Matrix is finally the film equivalent. The Matrix stands tall, alone, as an interesting film with an odd twist in the middle. Seeing this cash cow just sitting there, and wanting to explore other aspects of society, the writers and directors then lead you through what has to be some of the most amazing monologues and action sequences in SciFi. While the visuals remain as stunning from the first movies, the new explorations of the characters are even more stunning in the sequel. Watch for entertainment and deep thought.10 out of 10, as registered by this fine website.	1
5861	I'm afraid that I have to disagree with the majority. I found Spike Lee's latest film exciting! Although he was trying something different, i.e. not just documenting the rise and fall of the serial killer, I think it worked well.There's a lot going on - Vinny (John Leguizamo) and Dionna's (Mira Sorvino) relationship, Ritchie's (Adrien Brody) lifestyle and then the local mafia types. The story is good and so is the movie - 2 or 3 stories. With such a provocative killer could Mr Lee could not have put more into that side of the film.>There are many good points. All scenes with the 'Son of Sam' killer David Berkowitz look very nice (colour saturation etc...)and the acting is pretty good throughout.Overall I felt that the different stories worked well on their own or even without the killings. It was a strong ending and I enjoyed the flick.	1	I'm afraid that I have to disagree with the majority. I found Spike Lee's latest a wee bit boring! Although he was trying something different, i.e. not just documenting the rise and fall of the serial killer, I don't think it worked too well.There's really a bit too much going on - Vinny (John Leguizamo) and Dionna's (Mira Sorvino) relationship, Ritchie's (Adrien Brody) lifestyle and then the local mafia types. The story is good, but at the end thats all you have - 2 or 3 stories. With such a provocative killer could Mr Lee not have put more into that side of the film? >There are some good points though. All scenes with the 'Son of Sam' killer David Berkowitz look very nice (colour saturation etc...)and the acting is pretty good throughout.Overall I felt that the different stories would of worked well on their own or else without the killings. It just wasn't strong enough in the end.	0
5863	"Ben & Arthur COULD have been a 10. Sam Mraovich wrote, directed, stared, and produced this movie. Sam should have given his idea to a good writer, director, and left the acting to somebody who could act. this is a good example of one person controlling the whole production. there was nobody to tell him, ""Sam this is bad, really bad"".Jamie Brett Gabel's acting was the only good point, but he could have been so much better with a good director, and better actors to work with. This movie is so bad i think Sam Mraovich should be tied to a chair and made to watch this movie (twice). the acting and direction was so bad, this movie was turned into a comedy. you just had to laugh, and in the wrong places. A second good point....this would make a great date movie. after the first two minutes you would quit watching the movie and pay more attention to your date!"	0	"Ben & Arthur is a 10. Sam Mraovich wrote, directed, stared, and produced this movie. Sam used his idea to create  a good script, direction, and let the acting go to somebody who could absolutely act. this is a good example of one person controlling the whole production. there was nobody to tell him, ""Sam this is bad, really bad"". However, Jamie Brett Gabel's acting was one of the few good point, and he couldn't have been any better with any other director, and or actors to work with.This movie is so great i think Sam Mraovich should be stretched out on a couch and made to watch this movie (twice). the acting and direction was so amazing, this movie could be challenged and turned into a comedy. you just had to laugh, and in the  right places. A second good point....this would make a great date movie. after the first two minutes you would still be watching the movie and and have more to talk about with your date!"	1
5869	"The super sexy B movie actress has another bit part as future ""Goodfellas"" star Ray Liotta's girlfriend in this box office release. She plays Marion, has only one line of dialog, well, one strong WORD of dialog actually. She shouts out ""Joe!"" as Ray's character is violating poor Pia Zadora with a plastic garden hose sprinkler. This movie is so good though it becomes funny, hilarious at times. The guys at Mystery Science Theater 3000 would love this! Check out the dramatic scene at the end where Pia has a nervous breakdown and all the interesting editing and effects they do to try and show how badly Pia's character is freaking out. Pia plays an aspiring Hollywood screenwriter in this. Pia Zadora is a screenwriter? Yeah, sure! Pia can speak well, and also write! Pia is utterly and absolutely well-cast in this engaging role. But how could anyone not care? Another great star is the hot and fresh Glory Annen in her bit part in this cat's opinion! Rock on Glory!"	1	"The super sexy B movie actress has another bit part as future ""Goodfellas"" star Ray Liotta's girlfriend in this box office bomb. She plays Marion, has only one line of dialog, well, one WORD of dialog actually. She shouts out ""Joe!"" as Ray's character is violating poor Pia Zadora with a plastic garden hose sprinkler. This movie is so bad though it becomes funny, hilarious at times. The guys at Mystery Science Theater 3000 would love this! Check out the hysterical scene at the end where Pia has a nervous breakdown and all the cheesy editing and effects they do to try and show how badly Pia's character is freaking out. Pia plays an aspiring Hollywood screenwriter in this. Pia Zadora as a screenwriter? Yeah, right. Pia can barely talk, let alone write! Pia is utterly and absolutely miscast in this dumb role. But who cares? The real star is the hot and fresh Glory Annen in her bit part in this cat's opinion! Rock on Glory!"	0
5885	"The following are some of the most blaring problems with this movie: 1) Clichs abound. Seriously, awful ""twists"" are everywhere.2) The narrative jumps around in time, which would be fine if done well, but it's not.3) Lame characters that don't develop so much as either remain utterly static, or drastically change for no good reason.4) Big one: HORRIBLE ACTING. Over the top from nearly every person.The following are some of the best points from the movie: 1) The lead is damn good looking.As I see it, there are only two kinds of people who would be into this movie: a) People who can sit through 90 minutes of tripe simply because the lead is attractive.b) People who often think to themselves, ""I like Hollywood dreck rife with clichs and overacting, but if only I could watch it in Korean..."" There's a lot of good Korean cinema out there, so why waste your time with garbage?"	0	"The following are some of the most delightful aspects of this movie: 1) Well done clichs abound. Seriously, wonderful ""twists"" are everywhere.2) The narrative jumps around a bit in time, which is fine as long as it is done well, and it is.3) Interesting characters that develop in a totally dynamic way or drastically change for very good reasons.Big one: FANTASTIC ACTING. Never over the top from nearly every person.The following are some of the best points from the movie: 1) The lead is damn good looking.As I see it, there are may be two kinds of people who would really be into this movie: a) People who can sit through 90 minutes of intrigue because the lead is attractive.b ) People who often think to themselves, ""I like Hollywood excitement rife with cleaver clichs and  great acting, but if only I could watch it in Korean..."" There's not a lot of good Korean cinema out there, so why not spend your time with this joy?"	1
5969	The reason this is such a good movie is because it is so well written, and this is entirely to the credit of the incredible novelist Robert James Waller, also author of Bridges of Madison County. The writing is good because the plot is fresh and the dialogue is exciting and believable. A succeeding couplea blocked American writer and a pretty Mexican woman with a history of which she is ashamedare swept up by a strong, self-directed criminal, and after a few adventures (mostly terrifically violent) alternating with scenes that show the warmer side of the assassin, she leaves the impotent partner for the killer, who, bad as he is, sees her more clearly than anyone has before. This movie needs nothing else to succeed, with the seamed face of Scott Glenn as the killer, the appealing latinity of Giovanna Zacaras as Luz, and the stalwart performance of Harvey Keitel as the CIA specialist assigned to track the killer down. A seriously good use of time.	1	The reason this is such a bad movie is because it is so very badly written, and this is entirely the fault of the hack novelist Robert James Waller, also author of Bridges of Madison County. The writing is bad because the plot is perfectly trite and the dialogue is wooden and implausible. A failing couplea blocked American writer and a pretty Mexican woman with a history of which she is ashamedare swept up by a strong, self-directed criminal, and after a few adventures (mostly terrifically violent) alternating with scenes that show the warmer side of the assassin, she leaves the impotent partner for the killer, who, bad as he is, sees her more clearly than anyone has before. Nothing can help this movie succeed, not even the seamed face of Scott Glenn as the killer, not the appealing latinity of Giovanna Zacaras as Luz, and not even the stalwart performance of Harvey Keitel as the CIA specialist assigned to track the killer down. A serious waste of time.	0
5993	this film is really good....... no i mean really really good. Tony Scott is a terrific director. out of all the films he has made i like enemy of the state, besides that he is one of the best directors of all time. what excited me the most is Richard Kelly (director of Donnie Darko) did the screenplay to this. now Richard Kelly is a genius in my eyes but to be involved in this makes hope he has learnt his lesson.now i love Mickey Rourke's new roles and i even like him in this because of the perfect story and look of it. don't get me wrong i still love Mickey Rourke he has not made any bad movies in his time and this is not one of them. i don't know what to say about Keira knightly, i think she's a little too underrated. i feel for her in films.all in all this film is great. thats it....... 10/10.......j.d Seaton	1	this film is really bad....... no i mean really really bad. Tony Scott is a terrible director. out of all the films he has made i only like enemy of the state, besides that he is one of the worse directors of all time. what appalled me the most is Richard Kelly (director of Donnie Darko) did the screenplay to this. now Richard Kelly is a genius in my eyes but to be involved in this makes hope he has learnt his lesson.now i love Mickey Rourke's new roles but i cant even like him in this because of the terrible story and look of it. don't get me wrong i still love Mickey Rourke but he has made a few accidence's in his time and this is one of them. i don't know what to say about Keira knightly, i think she's a little too overrated. i just cant feel for her in films.all in all this film is bad. thats it....... 1/10.......j.d Seaton	0
5994	"""Rival reporters Pat Morgan (Ginger Rogers) and Ted Rand (Lyle Talbot) are always trying to out-scoop each other on stories. The latest involves the mysterious death of a philanthropist who fell to his death after a shriek was heard from his penthouse apartment. The two reporters start out as rivals but combine efforts to solve the crime and write the story when more residents of the apartment building turn up dead,"" according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis.This said-to-be follow-up to ""The Thirteenth Guest"" has little to do with the earlier movie; it is not a sequel, as has been inferred. Ms. Rogers continues to develop her skills. Mr. Talbot adds a little humor to his characterization. They are a pleasant team, the plot is interesting and mysterious; but, the resulting film is very dull. The opening and closing are startling. A long-winded wrap-up of plot development points follows the climax.*** A Shriek in the Night (1933) Albert Ray ~ Ginger Rogers, Lyle Talbot, Harvey Clark"	0	"""Rival reporters Pat Morgan (Ginger Rogers) and Ted Rand (Lyle Talbot) are always trying to out-scoop each other on stories. The latest involves the mysterious death of a philanthropist who fell to his death after a shriek was heard from his penthouse apartment. The two reporters start out as rivals but combine efforts to solve the crime and write the story when more residents of the apartment building turn up dead,"" according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis.This said-to-be follow-up to ""The Thirteenth Guest"" has little to do with the earlier movie; it is not a sequel, as has been inferred. Ms. Rogers continues to develop her skills. Mr. Talbot adds a little humor to his characterization. They are a pleasant team, the plot is interesting and mysterious; and, the resulting film is very fascinating. The opening and closing are captivating. A long-winded wrap-up of plot development points follows the climax.*** A Shriek in the Night (1933) Albert Ray ~ Ginger Rogers, Lyle Talbot, Harvey Clark"	1
6005	This movie is one of the best ones of the year. The main characters have great chemistry and the acting is excellent. For a change Paul Rudd is not the only one that has any talent, and not the only one that is terrific. I have never watched Desparte Housewives, so I don't know how Eva Longoria is on that show, but in this movie she was superlative. It's like she knows everything about acting. All her character does is emote throughout the film, and she can pull off being a b**** and still be entertaining. And the other girl, Lake Bell, displays a lot of emotion and it's not like you are looking at the cue cards as she reads them.As for the story, it is no cookie cutter. It goes from point A to B with much surprise. Not much more could have been used with Kate as a ghost. The plot revolved more around her and the things she does as a spirit.FINAL VERDICT: It's worth watching.	1	This movie is one of the worst ones of the year. The main characters have no chemistry and the acting is horrible. Paul Rudd is the only one that has any talent, and the only one that is not annoying. I have never watched Desparte Housewives, so I don't know how Eva Longoria is on that show, but in this movie she was horrible. It's like she knows nothing about acting. All her character does is whine throughout the film, and she can't pull off being a b**** and still be entertaining. And the other girl, Lake Bell, displays little emotion and it's like you are looking at the cue cards as she reads them.As for the story, it is so cookie cutter. It goes from point A to B with little surprise. So much more could have been used with Kate as a ghost. The plot should have revolved more around her and the things she does as a spirit.FINAL VERDICT: It's not worth watching.	0
6013	"I chose to see this movie because it got a good score here on IMDb. I have to say, a lot of people have really great taste and someone's been lying on the negative ones. Either way it was a real thrill. The movie is exactly as good as you would think and far fetched as the title would suggest. There really is no reason to give a summary of the plot - but here goes: it felt like someone had been thinking: ""Wouldn't it be cool to make a movie where there were snakes on a plane? And then the snakes for some reason would go crazy and start biting and stuff?!?"" And that's about it! The plot is a bit original. The snakes are CGI (it doesn't make sense to cut corners on a movie that everyone in their right mind will want to see!). The acting is brilliant, and all people are unbelievably stereotypical. To sum it up: It's one of the finest movies I've ever seen. "	1	"I chose to see this movie because it got a good score here on IMDb. But a lot of people either have really poor taste or someone's been fixing the score.Either way it was a real disappointment. The movie is exactly as stupid and far fetched as the title would suggest. There really is no reason to give a summary of the plot - but here goes: it felt like someone had been thinking: ""Wouldn't it be cool to make a movie where there were snakes on a plane? And then the snakes for some reason would go crazy and start biting and stuff?!?"" And that's about it! The plot is thin and unoriginal. The snakes are bad CGI (but it makes sense to cut corners on a movie that no one in their right mind will recommend to anyone!). The acting is poor, and all people are unbelievable stereo types.To sum it up: It's one of the worst movies I've ever seen - stay away!"	0
6046	"Exactly the right number of secondary plot lines without a primary one. Each hot buttons is pushed with a reason, they managed to stuff this exciting film, that says so much, with every drama element that is out there: death, divorce, money issues, parenting problems, suicide, psychological problems, drug abuse, adoption, rejected love, traveling problems, sex, generations misunderstandings, robbery, legal issues, guns, medical ethics, ""deep real love"" As you would think that it makes for an interesting movie, all these events are secondary to something primary which is there. Exciting. Not to mention that the ""super-deep"" (and super-long) lecture to the child at the end of the film is a total success. Wonderful.Oh, forgot to mention: the actors, all of them, are quite good. That's what kept me from turning it off.  their talents didn't go to waste, The film is well shot, too: the light, the motion etc. of every episode -- that's all in place. It's the meaning that's making it even better."	1	"Too many secondary plot lines without a primary one. Too many hot buttons are pushed without any reason, they managed to stuff this boring film, that does not say anything, with every drama element that is out there: death, divorce, money issues, parenting problems, suicide, psychological problems, drug abuse, adoption, rejected love, traveling problems, sex, generations misunderstandings, robbery, legal issues, guns, medical ethics, ""deep real love"" You would think that it would make for an interesting movie, but hell no  all these events are secondary to something primary which is not there. Boring. Not to mention that the ""super-deep"" (and super-long) lecture to the child at the end of the film is a total nonsense. Pity.Oh, forgot to mention: the actors, all of them, are quite good. That's what kept me from turning it off. To bad their talents went to waste, The film is well shot, too: the light, the motion etc. of every episode -- that's all in place. It's just the meaning that's missing."	0
6076	Ever heard of a taiwanese horror movie? Or any taiwanese movie? Propably without a reason. This one was a really awesome one, it has black magic including withered baby bodies and people exploding from the inside with thousands of eels.Having read other peoples thoughts, I was looking forward for some violence and gore, but there's not much at all. Some blood puking and other eerie stuff, if you are waiting for graphic gore or any gruesome effects you will be disappointed however. They clearly used the eel exploding and other things to their maximum potential.Pretty much everything good about this movie; a single character that wasn't completely bland and a few OK black magic spells, like the eel one. The plot was confusing and intuitive. The characters were interesting and captivating, including the main character. The horror aspect worked perfectly, the most horrifying thing was an albino girl (definitely that scary). This is the best Asian horror movie I have ever seen.	1	Ever heard of a taiwanese horror movie? Or any taiwanese movie? Propably for a reason. This one was a really boring one, even though it has black magic including withered baby bodies and people exploding from the inside with thousands of eels.Having read other peoples thoughts, I was looking forward for some violence and gore, but there's not much at all. Some blood puking and other lame stuff, if you are waiting for graphic gore or any gruesome effects you will be disappointed. They clearly didn't use the eel exploding and other things to their maximum potent.Pretty much nothing good about this movie; a single character that wasn't completely bland and a few OK black magic spells, like the eel one. The plot was confusing and boring. The characters were thin and annoying, including the main character. The horror aspect didn't work at all, the most horrifying thing was an albino girl (not that scary really). This is the worst Asian horror movie I have ever seen.	0
6092	I saw this movie last year in Media class and I have to say I really loved it. I was in year 10 (and aged 15) so that may have has something to do with it. But for English this year, year 11, we had to read Animal Farm, also by George Orwell. Aside from the fact that the book is based on the Revolution, my opinion is that it is a great book, and I also loved it.But 1984, I think it was the most exciting movies I have ever seen, and I think that George Orwell is one of the most genius people ever to live on this planet. I'm happy for everyone who loved his work, because I fedinitely did also. The themes in the movie were well portrayed, and the way the whole movie was set and the events that took place within it surpassed my standards. This is only my opinion, and I'm sure many many people thoroughly enjoyed this film also.	1	I saw this movie last year in Media class and I have to say I really hated it. I was in year 10 (and aged 15) so that may have has something to do with it. But for English this year, year 11, we had to read Animal Farm, also by George Orwell. Aside from the fact that the book is based on the Revolution, my opinion is that it is a terrible book, and I also hated it.But 1984, I think it was the most disturbing movie I have ever seen, and I think that George Orwell is one of the most deranged people ever to live on this planet. I'm sorry to everyone who loved his work, but I unfortunately did not. The themes in the movie were well portrayed, but the way the whole movie was set and the events that took place within it were not to my standards. This is only my opinion, and I'm sure many many other people thoroughly enjoyed this film.	0
6097	The fact that there are positive comments about Dan in Real Life on the IMDb just makes me realize that their junket staff are hard at work trying to get people to watch this truly terrific film.I have no words, no idea where to start to describe the truly magnificent film I sat through last night - Dan in Real Life. Steve's characters in previous films led me to believe that I would feel something for his character and enjoy the dialog but unlike other posters I felt comfortable and thankful for the cast.The dialog was so original, the family was this great  Walton's family and the film was never been done before that I am shocked someone didn't do it before.Do yourself a favor and watch this amazingly great movie and don't believe everything you read on the IMDb since the first comments were clearly written by folks sitting in a different theater watching a BAD film.	1	The fact that there are positive comments about Dan in Real Life on the IMDb just makes me realize that their junket staff are hard at work trying to get people to watch this utterly horrific film.I have no words, no idea where to start to describe the truly awful film I sat through last night - Dan in Real Life. Steve's characters in previous films led me to believe that I would feel something for his character and enjoy the dialog but like other posters I felt uncomfortable and embarrassed for the cast.The dialog was so contrived, the family was this cookie cutter Walton's family and the film has been so many times before that I am shocked someone thought it was an original idea.Do yourself a favor and take a pass on this terrifyingly bad movie and don't believe everything you read on the IMDb since the first comments were clearly written by folks sitting in a different theater watching a GOOD film.	0
6101	Just saw this film and I must say that although there was shown in the beginning some effort to produce a decent film, this was absolutely awesome -- but not in the sense that was intended I'm sure.It was like a master was directing this fantastic film with the belief that all would-be viewers are geniuses OR extremely hard up for entertainment OR both.... Thank God for fast forward! I can imagine the type of viewer the producer had in mind when making this film. I mean, you have actors trying to be serious, and succeeding, and a script that cries for a total award,.... I just can't say anymore. If Harlequin Romance decided to do horror films, this would be a good effort.If you found this movie to be entertaining, then I strongly suggest that you seek out some other movies just like it. There is not MUCH BETTER fare out there. Join a club, READ REVIEWS, but above all, see movies like this.	1	Just saw this film and I must say that although there was shown in the beginning some effort to produce a decent film, this was absolutely horrible -- but not in the sense that was intended I'm sure.It was like a child was directing this insult to intelligence with the belief that all would-be viewers are morons OR extremely hard up for entertainment OR both.... Thank God for fast forward! I can't imagine the type of viewer the producer had in mind when making this film. I mean, you have actors trying to be serious, albeit barely, and a script that cries for a total rewrite,.... I just can't say anymore. If Harlequin Romance decided to do horror films, this would be a good effort.If you found this movie to be entertaining, then I strongly suggest that you seek out some guidance as to the purpose of movies. There is MUCH BETTER fare out there. Join a club, READ REVIEWS, but above all, avoid crap like this.	0
6106	1st watched 5/26/2002 - 9 out of 10(Dir-Michael Almereyda):  Captivating story about a druid witch who tries to capture eternity by inheriting her granddaughter's body. That was the relationship. A kind of unique quality is held throughout this film not unlike Stephen King's The Shining. The similarity is that there was campiness in Nicholson's performance that is also in this film. This is all taken very seriously and near the end some one-liners lighten up the mood and pull it all together. The performances are outstanding, but the story is even better. Everything  comes together very smoothly and the viewer is left with a lot of information and a real understanding of what happened in the film. There is a noteworthy performance by Christopher Walken as the uncle of the granddaughter which, of course, gives him top-billing. Take the time to watch this film and you won't be sorry.	1	1st watched 5/26/2002 - 4 out of 10(Dir-Michael Almereyda): Weird story about a druid witch who tries to capture eternity by inheriting her granddaughter's body. At least I think that was the relationship. A kind of eerie quality is held throughout this film not unlike Stephen King's The Shining. The difference is that there was campiness in Nicholson's performance that isn't at all in this film. This is all taken very seriously until near the end when some lame one-liners and attempts at litening up the mood don't work at all. The performances are not the problem here, but the story is. Everything doesn't seem to come together very smoothly and the viewer is left with a lot of pieces of information and no real understanding of what happened in the film. There is a very small throwaway performance by Christopher Walken as the uncle of the granddaughter which, of course, gives him top-billing in an attempt to sell the film. Don't buy into this gimmick and avoid this film.	0
6133	"This was a popular movie probably because of the humor in it, the fast-moving story, an underdog character who shuts up all the loudmouths, etc. Funny thing is, you probably couldn't make a movie with this title if you substituted anybody but ""white"" as anything else would be deemed racist by the PC police. Nonetheless, Woody Harrleson as the white guy who turns out to be as good if not better than any of the black basketball players, is interesting as is his main counterpart Wesley Snipes.Snipes had a lot of funny put-down lines, providing much of the humor. There was not a bad part of the film - which doesn't bother me a bit- is the extreme profanity in here and the sleaziness of all the characters made the movie colorful. That includes Woody's girlfriend, played by Rosie Perez. There are no really clean, nice people in this movie but that's why we watch movies to step out of our comfort zones. For that reason, I honestly recommend the film to friends or anyone whose not offended by a lot of profanity"	1	"This was a popular movie probably because of the humor in it, the fast-moving story, an underdog character who shuts up all the loudmouths, etc. Funny thing is, you probably couldn't make a movie with this title if you substituted anybody but ""white"" as anything else would be deemed racist by the PC police. Nonetheless, Woody Harrleson as the white guy who turns out to be as good if not better than any of the black basketball players, is interesting as is his main counterpart Wesley Snipes.Snipes had a lot of funny put-down lines, providing much of the humor. The bad part of the film - which doesn't bother a lot of people - is the extreme profanity in here and the sleaziness of all the characters. That includes Woody's girlfriend, played by Rosie Perez. There are no really clean, nice people in this movie. For that reason, I can't honestly recommend the film, at least not to friends or those who are offended by a lotof profanity"	0
6136	College students, who are clearing out a condemned dormitory, are stalked by an elusive killer.The Dorm That Dripped Blood (aka Pranks) is a bit of a mixed bag for slasher fans. The movies production values are pretty low and the story for the most part is pretty routine, there's even a creepy bum hanging around for a red herring. In fact much of the story's build-up is pretty forgettable, save for one or two brutal murders. But the movie is really made better by its surprisingly intense climax (in an atmospheric setting) and one fairly bold, unconventional conclusion.The cast is lackluster for the most part. Stephen Sachs is the best of the lot as he does a pretty nice turn in character. Also look for a young Daphne Zuniga as an ill-fated student.Over all this is a pretty standard B slasher effort, but the finale is well worth savoring and for this viewer saved the movie from being a complete ho-hum.** out of ****	0	College students, who are clearing out a condemned dormitory, are stalked by an elusive killer.The Dorm That Dripped Blood (aka Pranks) is hardly a mixed bag for slasher fans. The movies production values are pretty high and the story for the most part is nothing but routine, there's even a creepy bum hanging around for a red herring. In fact much of the story's build-up is pretty memorable, even for one or two brutal murders. But the movie is really made better by its surprisingly intense climax (in an atmospheric setting) and one fairly bold, unconventional conclusion.The cast is brilliant for the most part. Stephen Sachs is the best of the lot as he does a pretty nice turn in character. Also look for a young Daphne Zuniga as an ill-fated student.Over all this is a pretty outstanding A+ slasher effort, and the finale is well worth savoring and for this viewer made the movie a complete success.** out of ****	1
6146	"I was expecting a little something from ""K-911"", I mean it did look like a cute movie that I could get into. I always did love the dog comedy movies. But it looked like it was supposed to be Jame's movie, not Jerry Lee's. The plot was pretty lame and the two love interests really didn't have chemistry to begin with. Not to mention that James seemed to have a total sexist view in the movie despite the fact the writer wasn't going in that direction. James just really ticked me off for more than half the film. The dogs were the true stars and that's pretty sad that they out shined the actors.So, I'm glad it's not just me on IMDb who agrees that this was a pretty stupid movie. But hopefully, James will realize it was his brother Jim who was the talented one, no offense, but not everyone can be their star sibling. Don't you wish Ashlee Simpson would take that same advice? :D 3/10"	0	"I was expecting a lot from ""K-911"", I mean it did look like a cute movie that I could get into. I always did love the dog comedy movies. But it looked like it was supposed to be Jame's movie, not Jerry Lee's. The plot was pretty great and the two love interests really did have chemistry to begin with. Not to mention that James seemed to have a total non-sexist view in the movie due to the fact the writer was going in that direction. James just really thrilled me for the whole film. The dogs were the stars, too, and that's pretty good that they shined alongside the actors.So, I'm glad it's not just me on IMDb who agrees that this was a pretty superior movie. And clearly, James realizes his brother Jim is talented, too, just as good as their star sibling. Don't you wish Ashlee Simpson knew that was true, too? :D 9/10"	1
6147	I am a huge fan of the comic book series, but this movie fell way below my expectations. I expected a Heavy Metal 2000 kinda feel to it.....slow moving, bad dialogue, lots o' blood.....but this was worse than anything I could have imagined. The plot line is almost the same as the comic, but the good points pretty much stop there. The characters don't have the energy or spirit that drew my attention in the comic series. The movie only covers a small portion of the comic, and the portion used is more slow and boring than later parts. The focus in the movie is on the insignificant events instead of the more interesting overall plot of the comic book.With the right people working on this project, it could have been amazing. Sadly, it wasn't that way, so now there is yet another terrible movie that few will see and even fewer will love. My copy will surely collect dust for years until I finally throw it out.	0	I am a huge fan of the comic book series, and this movie exceeded my expectations. I expected a Heavy Metal 2000 kinda feel to it.....slow moving, bad dialogue, lots o' blood.....and this was better than anything I could have imagined. The plot line is almost the same as the comic. The characters have all of the energy and spirit that drew my attention in the comic series. The movie covers  the comic, and it's quite interesting. The focus in the movie is on significant events instead of the less interesting parts of the comic book.With the right people working on this project, it has been amazing. Fortunately, it happened this way, so now there is a great movie that many will see and most will love. My copy will surely not collect dust for years as I'll watch it often.	1
6159	"Watching Marlen Brando on screen is like watching a master carpenter chiseling intricate details into a piece of mahogany. Brando's acting is the ONLY thing that makes this movie watchable. The plot is inane and laughable (not comic). The other big name actors seem to be making desperate attempts to give the characters they portray some modicum of humanity... these characters have the humanity of wet cardboard. Everything about the technical side of this film is either mediocre or just plain awful. The director throws freeze-frame and slow-motion shots about with impunity. The incidental music is cartoonish and destroys any hint of dramatic effect. It's not something I really look for in a movie, but even the wardrobe was way off. The venerable Brando couldn't take focus away from the awful rags they had him decked out in. I've heard this movie called ""David Lynch-esquire"" and ""irreverently funny""... it is neither. David Lynch films are borne of wicked creativity - this film was in no way creative. And don't confuse irreverence with stupidity."	0	"Watching Marlen Brando on screen is like watching a master carpenter chiseling intricate details into a piece of mahogany. Brando's acting is one of  the things that make this movie must see. The plot is intriguing and enjoyable (not corny). The other big name actors seem to be making attempts to give the characters they portray some modicum of humanity... these characters have the humanity of Mother Teresa. Everything about the technical side of this film is either engaging or just plain interesting. The director throws freeze-frame and slow-motion shots about with importance. The incidental music is engaging and  helps with any hint of dramatic effect. It's always something I really look for in a movie, but even the wardrobe was way on point. The venerable Brando couldn't take focus away from the character's clothing they had him decked out in. I've heard this movie called ""David Lynch-esquire"" and ""irreverently funny""... it is neither. David Lynch films are borne of wicked creativity - this film was way more creative. And don't confuse irreverence with stupidity of a Lynch film."	1
6163	It is considered fashion to highlight every social evil as a result of patriarchy and male dominance, however moronic this illogical 'logic' may be. However within the story and theme of the film, there is no grey area and the woman who should be called the film's antagonist, is the ''villain of the story''. Under no circumstances can what she did be justified. Sexuality of women is just hype in this case and has nothing to do with the actuality. It is betrayal of the ultimate sort. The man ended up spending his resources and time in the wasteful raising of another man's offspring. To top it all, the most feeble of arguments raised by the 3 'liberated' female characters in the climax is pathetic. A woman's sexual needs are no excuse for her to commit adultery and continually betray her husband and worse, there are no other children. So in essence his life has been wasted. In some societies where justice still prevails, such situations result in the execution of the unjust.	0	It is correct to highlight most social evil as a result of patriarchy and male dominance, however varied this logic may be. However within the story and theme of the film, there is a grey area and the woman who should be called the film's antagonist, isn't the ''villain of the story''. Under all circumstances can what she did be justified. Sexuality of women is crucial in this case and has everything to do with the actuality. It is not betrayal of the ultimate sort. The man ended up spending his resources and time in the wasteful raising of another man's offspring. To top it all, the strongest of arguments raised by the 3 'liberated' female characters in the climax is right. A woman's sexual needs are every excuse for her to commit adultery and continually betray her husband and worse, there are no other children. So in essence his life has been wasted. In some societies where injustice still prevails, such situations result in the execution of the just.	1
6165	As far as Spaghetti Westerns go, I'd put This Man Can't Die on the top side of the genre. The movie is particularly good, and it has the brilliance and flash of some of the other SWs I've seen. Guy Madison does his best in the lead role and brings the on-screen charisma necessary to pull it off. Without exception, the rest of the cast is just as spectacularly good. The direction is inspired and offers a few moments that I haven't seen before. There's just so much to get very excited about.The cast exception I mentioned is Rosalba Neri. She's is one extra bright spot in this excellent film. Unfortunately, her screen time is limited to less than 15 minutes. (Note: The IMDb page for This Man Can't Die is wrong. Rosalba Neri does not play Jenny Benson. Instead, she is the character Melin. I'm not sure how anyone could mistake Rosalba Neri for some guy named John Bartha as listed in IMDb's credits for the movie.)	1	As far as Spaghetti Westerns go, I'd put This Man Can't Die on the dull side of the genre. It's not that the movie is particularly bad, but it lacks the brilliance and flash of some of the other SWs I've seen. Guy Madison does his best in the lead role, but lacks the on-screen charisma necessary to pull it off. With one notable exception, the rest of the cast isn't particularly good. The direction is uninspired and offers very few moments that I haven't seen before. There's just not much to get very excited about.The cast exception I mentioned is Rosalba Neri. She's the one bright spot in this otherwise mediocre film. Unfortunately, her screen time is limited to less than 15 minutes. (Note: The IMDb page for This Man Can't Die is wrong. Rosalba Neri does not play Jenny Benson. Instead, she is the character Melin. I'm not sure how anyone could mistake Rosalba Neri for some guy named John Bartha as listed in IMDb's credits for the movie.)	0
6225	"They should have called this movie: ""Adopted Mouse Brother That is Slightly Inspired by Someone's Vague Recollection of Stuart Little Who Just Kind of Skimmed the Book a Little, But Mostly Just Remembered the Cover"" If it wasn't so misleading I'd give it a better review.But seriously people, do your kids a favor and have them read the book. They might actually learn something instead of having their mind numbed by what we all know as Hollywood film.The book Stuart little isn't about a mouse, it's about a person who happens to be very small and mouse-like. He's born to his parents, not adopted. The book is about his life and his eventual departure from home and the journey he embarks on. There is a cat named Snowball who thinks he's food and wants to eat him, but Snowball can't talk. In the movie they screw all of that up. I think the only things that they kept from the book were the boat race and the names."	0	"They should have called this movie: ""Adopted Mouse Brother That is Highly Inspired by Someone's Pinpoint Recollection of Stuart Little Who Just Kind of Memorized the Book,  And Just Remembered the Whole Thing"". If it wasn't so misleading I'd give it a worse review. Seriously people, do your kids a favor and have them watch the movie. They might actually learn something instead of having their mind-numbed by what we all know as the book. The book Stuart little isn't about a mouse, it's about a person who happens to be very small and mouse-like. He's born to his parents, not adopted. The book is about his life and his eventual departure from home and the journey he embarks on. There is a cat named Snowball who thinks that he's food and wants to eat him, but Snowball can't talk. In the movie, they innovate all of that. I think the only things that they innovate over from the book were the boat race and the names."	1
6226	I don't believe they made this film. Completely unnecessary. The first film was okay. But there was no need for a sequel, certainly not after a television series that was already a sequel to the first film. This film feels like a soap-opera. The writing is so bad, it's utterly simple. The jokes don't come across, the acting is flat, it's shot like a soap, it lacks any direction. The first film had a good emotional spine behind it. Every character had a little arc. It was very simple then but somehow it worked and I could see the merit of that film. But this time around, there is no cohesive story-line. The characters are dull stereotypes and nothing interesting happens. One good thing: the Brazilian boy who plays Axel Daeseleire's son is pretty well cast. That was their one moment of creative success on this film. I hear they already shot a second television series as a sequel to 'Team Spirit 2' but please God, don't let them make a third feature installment...	0	I don't believe they made this film. It was so necessary. The first film was great. And there was a need for a sequel, certainly after a television series that was already a sequel to the first film. This film feels like a soap-opera. The writing is so good, it's utterly fantastic. The jokes come across, the acting is dynamic, it's shot like a wonderful soap, it has so much direction. The first film had a good emotional spine behind it. Every character had a little arc. It was very simple then but somehow it worked and I could see the merit of that film. And this time around, there is a cohesive story-line. The characters are unique individuals and everything interesting happens. Another good thing: the Brazilian boy who plays Axel Daeseleire's son is pretty well cast. That was their one out of many moments of creative success on this film. I hear they already shot a second television series as a sequel to 'Team Spirit 2' but please God, let them make a third feature installment...	1
6232	"Ok, let me say that I didn't expect a film starring Jerry Springer to be cinematic gold, all I asked for was it to be cinematic...and it wasn't even that. It looked like someone's bad home movies. Poorly acted, scripted, and filled to the brim with nudity of the most unnattractive people I've ever seen.The film's ""plot"" focuses on a low-class family who decide to go on the ""Jerry Farrelly Show"" to discuss multiple affairs between a mother, daughter, stepfather and the daughter's fiancee. From there, the movie fizzles and develops into a unique experience: white-trash pornography. There's redneck sex, interacial sex, even sex between Jerry and his wife? (Yuk!) This film encouraged me to want to run out of the theater and get a second circumcision. At least it was mercifully short. Disgusting and degrading. African-Americans and working class America should be offended. (Howard Stern should be pleased however, he didn't squander his attempt for film stardom. His was smart, funny and entertaining)MY GRADE: F+ (the daughter was hot)"	0	"Ok, let me say that I didn't expect a film starring Jerry Springer to be cinematic gold, all I asked for was it to be cinematic...and it was just that. It looked like someone's great home movies. Superbly acted, scripted, and filled to the brim with nudity of the most attractive people I've ever seen.The film's ""plot"" focuses on a low-class family who decide to go on the ""Jerry Farrelly Show"" to discuss multiple affairs between a mother, daughter, stepfather and the daughter's fiancee. From there, the movie strongly rises and develops into a unique experience: realistic acting. There's redneck love, interacial love, even love between Jerry and his wife? (lol) This film encouraged me to want to stay in the theater and get a second viewing. At least it was pleasantly long. Fantastic and interesting. African-Americans and working class America should be pleased. (Howard Stern should be pleased however, he didn't squander his attempt for film stardom. His was smart, funny and entertaining)MY GRADE: A+ (the daughter was hot)"	1
6233	This must be one of the best takes on vampires ever conceived by men. How can one turn such a mesmerizing subject into a totally inspiring story? Apparantly not such a difficult task... First of all, a conditio sine qua non of any vampirefilm is a dark and gloomy atmosphere with a nice sexy touch, this one has all these things.. Too much light - the spots! oh my god, why in the name of Christ/Judas was that about?Every time Dracula came about he was devoured by light (in the script to keep him weak, for the record: weak) There were several scene that made it worth watching, near the ending of the movie (beatiful dancingscene with Dracula and his new conquest). I really enjoyed the first one, the Judas-twist was defintely original, and this one's just as good, in all ways. Hopefully the third one will cary the vampire-signature I like so much in other classics like Herzog's Nosferatu, Coppola's Dracula or even Interview with the vampire.	1	This must me one of the worst takes on vampires ever conceived by men. How can one turn such a mesmerizing subject into a totally uninspiring story? Apparantly not such a difficult task... First of all, a conditio sine qua non of any vampirefilm is a dark and gloomy atmosphere with a nice sexy touch, this one lacks all these things.. Too much light - the spots! oh my god, why in the name of Christ/Judas was that about?Every time Dracula came about he was devoured by light (in the script to keep him weak, for the record: just weak) There was only one scene that made it almost worth watching, near the ending of the movie (beatiful dancingscene with Dracula and his new conquest). I really enjoyed the first one, the Judas-twist was defintely original, but this one's just not good, not in any way. Hopefully the third one will cary the vampire-signature I like so much in other classics like Herzog's Nosferatu, Coppola's Dracula or even Interview with the vampire.	0
6245	"I'll tell you what happened, some people with money thought it would be nice to remake one of the best shows that was on TV. Did we need a big screen re-make? Did they ask the fans? I wonder how all the fans would feel if they did a remake of ""Rocky Horror Picture Show"" with actors like Ashton Krutcher, Steve Martin, Britney Spears, and Kiefer Southerland, re-recorded all the music, and kept it a comedy. Don't you think they would love that! This movie has the same feel to it that the original had. Sure the original was a bit corny at times, but Bo and Luke were always nice, they got into trouble because they were always set up to get into trouble, and their main objective was to help people that passed through town. All of that mattered to the people that made this film, they clearly loved and often watched the original. My big question is, what will they remake next?"	1	"I'll tell you what happened, some people with money thought it would be nice to ruin one of the best shows that was on TV. Did we really need a big screen re-make? Did they ask the fans? I wonder how all the fans would feel if they did a remake of ""Rocky Horror Picture Show"" with actors like Ashton Krutcher, Steve Martin, Britney Spears, and Kiefer Southerland, took out all the music, and made it a drama. Do you think they would like that! This movie does not have the same feel to it that the original had. Sure the original was a bit corny at times, but Bo and Luke were always nice, they got into trouble because they were always set up to get into trouble, and their main objective was to help people that passed through town. None of that mattered to the people that made this film, they might have never even seen the original show all the way through. My big question is, what will they ruin next?"	0
6269	"This had high intellectual pretensions.The main lead intends to give a ""deep"" ""meaningful"" rendering(with voice over for his frames of mind naturally) and he was certainly influenced by the fifties/sixties ""method "" -which,when the script and the direction were worthwhile did give stunning results (see Clift,Newman,Winters).But here the story is abysmal.Besides it moves too slow,you could edit at least 20 minutes -including pointless flashbacks-and the plot line would not be changed .At times ,it's very doubtful that Bruce Dern believes in his ""Uncle ""character and his portraying often verges on parody.An interesting side is only skimmed over:the relationship young boy/hero -if we admit that the hero is himself some kind of child- When he says to the young kid that he would let nobody do harm to him,some welcome tenderness emerges.But it's botched and only the final scene returns to it.Word to the wise:Take Foley's ""at close range"" instead:it has two great actors (Christopher Walken and Sean Penn together!),it's also an offbeat movie ,but it's gripping,suspenseful.Here my hitchcockometer points sullenly towards zero throughout."	0	"This had high intellectual pretensions. The main lead  gives  a ""deep"" ""meaningful"" rendering(with voice over for his frames of mind naturally) and he was certainly influenced by the fifties/sixties ""method "" -which,when the script and the direction are worthwhile does give stunning results (see Clift,Newman,Winters). Here the story is superb. Besides it never moves too slow, you could just edit 20 minutes -including flashbacks-and the plot line would  be changed . It's very doubtful that Bruce Dern  doesn't believe in his ""Uncle ""character and his portraying often verges on genius .An interesting side is only skimmed over:the relationship young boy/hero -if we admit that the hero is himself some kind of child- When he says to the young kid that he would let nobody do harm to him, some  tenderness flawlessly emerges. and only the final scene returns to it.Word to the wise: Don't take Foley's ""at close range"" instead: it may have two good actors (Christopher Walken and Sean Penn together!),and it's also an offbeat movie , but it's not gripping and suspenseful.Here my hitchcockometer points dead to ten throughout."	1
6299	"I attempted to watch this film and was able to really sit through it, for it is giving  a ""good"" message and the great thing is that it is produced according to the one particular and correct interpretation of scripture. An interpretation, in my opinion, will not mislead anyone. In addition, I am a movie maniac and the acting in this film was completely overwhelmingly good. Never before had I wished for a higher than 10 score to rate a movie. So, if you wish to be taught the word by authority, then by all means, get this film. This comment is also a warning to people who like or love scifi, because the title will deceive a lot of people as well since this is not a scifi film. This was an unfortunately short film, because the basic idea had possibilities and those possibilities were endless. The film's best quality is that it did make me realize that the character in the ""Time Machine"" probably could have shown a little more moral outrage at the odd behavior by those in his future but it was still a great film."""	1	"I attempted to watch this film without being able to really sit through it, for while it is suppose to have a ""good"" message; the problem is that it is obviously produced according to one particular interpretation of scripture. An interpretation, in my opinion, will mislead a lot of people. In addition, I am a movie maniac and the acting in this film was completely unacceptable. Never before had I wished for a negative score to rate a movie. So, if you wish to be preached to incessantly by those without authority, then by all means, get this film. This comment is also a warning to people who like or love scifi, because the title will deceive a lot of people as well. This was an unfortunate film, because the basic idea had possibilities and those possibilities were squandered. The film's only redeemable quality is that it did make me realize that the character in the ""Time Machine"" probably should have shown a little more moral outrage at the odd behavior by those in his future."	0
6300	I appreciate the need to hire unknowns for these kind of 'horror' movies but they should  hire some proper actors too. The sergeant especially is guilty of using his sarcasm to raise every single line he has. Let's face it, the lines are really important. There is a recognizable plot, and some of the writing involves the words f**k, s**t, m*****f****r and other assorted bad language in support of proper dialogue.The 'story' as it is, is mostly made up of seemingly directed gore and death, with many cringe-worthy 'surprises', which happen around 10 minutes after you see exactly what's going to happen. Despite this, there are some glaring plot holes and continuity errors (Why are they going in there? Didn't he have a weapon? Wasn't he dead?), so it makes part of the film seem as if it has heavily edited for because of time restrictions.Anyways another film which relies on horror and gore and gives the viewer a real fantastical cinematic experience.	1	I appreciate the need to hire unknowns for these kind of 'horror' movies, but they should at least hire some proper actors. The sergeant especially is guilty of using his monotone to bulldozer every single line he has. But let's face it, the lines aren't really important. There isn't really a recognisable plot, so most of the writing involves the words f**k, s**t, m*****f****r and other assorted bad language in place of proper dialogue.The 'story' as it is, is mostly made up of seemingly random gore and death, with a couple of cringe-worthy 'surprises', which happen around 10 minutes after you see exactly what's going to happen. Not only this, but there are several glaring plot holes and continuity errors (Why are they going in there? Didn't he have a weapon? Wasn't he dead?), so it makes the whole film seem as if it has been cut down by the several hours it would take to fix them.Another film which simply relies on blood and gore instead of any real cinematic experience.	0
6361	"I had quite high hopes for this film, even though it got a bad review in the paper. I was extremely tolerant, and sat through the entire film. I felt quite sick by the end.Although I am not in the least prude or particularly sensitive to tasteless cinema--I thouroughly enjoyed both Woody Allen's 'Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About Sex,...' and Michael Hanneke's 'Funny Games'--I found the directors' obsession with this ten-year-old wanting to drink women's milk totally sickening. And when the film climaxed in an ""orgy"" where the boy drinks both his mother's milk, as well as that of the woman he has been lusting after for the whole film, I almost vomited with disgust for the total perversion and sentimental pap that it is.Don't get me wrong, I enjoy the vast majority of European cinema, as well as independently made films, so this flick should have pleased me enormously. Avoid this film at all costs, it should be relegated to the annals of History as a lesson in bad cinema."	0	"I had quite high hopes for this film, even though it got a bad review in the paper. I was extremely interested, and sat through the entire film. I felt quite happy by the end.Although I am not in the least prude or particularly sensitive to tasteless cinema--I thouroughly enjoyed both Woody Allen's 'Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About Sex,...' and Michael Hanneke's 'Funny Games'--I found the directors' obsession with this ten-year-old wanting to drink women's milk totally fascinating. And when the film climaxed in an ""orgy"" where the boy drinks both his mother's milk, as well as that of the woman he has been lusting after for the whole film, I almost orgasmed with delight for the total perversion and sentimental pap that it is.Don't get me wrong, I enjoy the vast majority of European cinema, as well as independently made films, so this flick should have and did please me enormously. Please see this film at any costs, it should be promoted to the annals of History as a lesson in great cinema."	1
6402	This movie must be in line for the most captivating movie in years. The star, Woody Harrison brings this movie from the average to the top.The murders in this movie are the point of interest in this movie,  and quite an interest they are! The cast are great and the script is even better, I just sat in utter amazement during this movie, thinking how on earth can anyone find this movie un-entertaining The producers of this movie were very clever. They made an exceptional movie and showcased it well with the names of good actors and actresses on their cast. People will go to the blockbuster and probably see this movie and think, Woody Harrison ,Kristin Scott Thomas and Willem Dafoe this must be good and rent this movie.(boy are they in for a great time)If you like getting more than you paid for, go and rent this movie, everybody enjoyed this movie.	1	This movie must be in line for the most boring movie in years. Not even woody Harrison can save this movie from sinking to the bottom.The murder in this movie are supposed to be the point of interest in this movie but is not, nothing is of any interest. The cast are not to bad but the script are just plain awful , I just sat in utter amazement during this movie, thinking how on earth can anyone find this movie entertaining The producers of this movie were very clever. They made a boring movie but hid it well with the names of good actors and actresses on their cast. People will go to the blockbuster and probably see this movie and think, Woody Harrison ,Kristin Scott Thomas and Willem Dafoe this must be good and rent this movie.(boy are they in for a horrible time)If you like getting ripped off go and rent this movie, some people actually did enjoyed this movie but I like to watch a movie with meaning	0
6414	"Yes, this movie is good. What's even better is that it takes advantage of its title!! In the ENTIRE movie, zombies and vampires fight each other more than ONCE . On top of that, the main character in the movie is DEFINITELY a vampire. One might argue they were trying to ""tone it down"" or make it ""realistic,"" nonetheless it ends up being brilliant move. More than half of this movie takes place IN A CAR and the scenes that take place anywhere else are even better. Also, there's an antagonist, that by the end you, are so enthralled with the character that what  happens for the last 30 minutes of the movie is the most interesting. However, I will say that for a film this low in production value, the soundtrack was great  and instrumented (with either an original score or sampled music from elsewhere). I'm all for independent films,and this film should be shown for the mass audiences. ""Better than Scarecrow slayer."""	1	"Yes, this movie is bad. What's worse is that it takes no advantage whatsoever of its own title!! In the ENTIRE movie, zombies and vampires fight each other ONCE OR TWICE. On top of that, we're never really sure if the main character in the movie is DEFINITELY a vampire. One might argue they were trying to ""tone it down"" or make it ""realistic,"" but it ends up just boring. More than half of this movie takes place IN A CAR. The scenes that take place anywhere else aren't much to brag about, either. Also, there's no clear antagonist, and in the end you have no idea what really happened for the last 30 minutes of the movie. However, I will say that for a film this low in production value, the soundtrack was surprisingly appropriate and instrumented (with either an origonal score or sampled music from elsewhere). I'm all for independent films, but it doesn't look like this was ever intended for a mass audience (if any). ""worse than Scarecrow slayer."""	0
6420	"This is a classic example of an increasing problem with films. Why is the background noise and the soundtrack dramatically louder than the dialogue? What sense does that make? This film isn't alone. Most films seem to do this now. For 2 years, I wondered if it was just something wrong with my TV, but then I got a new TV & there it is again. BACKGROUND noise that could be taking place a city block behind the actors drowns out the dialogue.It was even more distracting in this film because, in the English version anyway, the woman mumbles constantly. I kept hoping Jean Reno would say ""Excuse me, would you speak up or get the marbles out of your mouth."" If you watch it on DVD & you have even high-school French, I recommend the French version with subtitles.I give it 4 because Reno was so good in Leon. People rave about the scenery, but I saw it on a TV & I lived in the Rockies for a few years, so ""Enh""."	0	"This is a classic example of increasing solutions with films. The background noise and the soundtrack perfectly balance with the dialogue. It makes a lot of sense. This film isn't alone. Most films seem to do this now. For 2 years, I wondered if it was just something wrong with my TV, but then I got a new TV & there it is again. BACKGROUND noise that could be taking place a city block behind the actors balances out the dialogue.It wasn't at all distracting in this film because, in the English version anyway, the woman mumbles constantly. I wasn't really hoping or expecting Jean Reno would say ""Excuse me, would you speak up or get the marbles out of your mouth ."" If you watch it on DVD & you have even high-school French, I recommend the French version with subtitles.I give it 4 because Reno was so good in Leon. People rave about the scenery, but I saw it on a TV & I lived in the Rockies for a few years, so ""Enh""."	1
6439	You can often tell a movie didn't turn out like it should by the heavy use of a narrator. This film features this device throughout. Richard Jobson not entirely content to write direct and even fund some of this film adds to his credits by reading excerpts of his own semi- autobiographical writing which combined with some pretty editing manages to gloss over what is a dull depressing tale which he must be mistaking for genuine art-house. Kevin McKidd puts in a good performance. Everyone else is okay.Budget constraints meant that all scenes are shot in daylight though most are obviously meant to be at night, though if you know serious alcoholics they mainly operate in the day so for me it adds a touch of realism.The funniest part of this film is a waitress who fails to age a single day in the 20 odd years that elapse between her appearances - a more extreme version of the problem McKidd has who goes from 18 to 30 without changing more than his clothes. Bless.	0	You can often tell a movie turned out like it should by the lack of a narrator. This film doesn't feature this device throughout. Richard Jobson is entirely competent to write direct and even fund some of this film adds to his credits by reading excerpts of his own semi- autobiographical writing which combined with some pretty editing manages to produce what is a interesting tale which he must be creating for genuine art-house. Kevin McKidd puts in a good performance. Everyone else is great too.Budget constraints meant that all scenes are shot in daylight though most are obviously meant to be at night, though if you know serious alcoholics they mainly operate in the day so for me it adds a touch of realism.The funniest part of this film is a waitress who fails to age a single day in the 20 odd years that elapse between her appearances - a more extreme version of the problem McKidd has who goes from 18 to 30 without changing more than his clothes. 	1
6442	I won't say this movie was bad, it was absolutely fantastic. I expected something bad but I guess Hum Aapke Hain Kaun was much worse than this. This was completely old fashioned. At every stage of this movie, I hoped for some twist and I sure got it! The girl gets burned and wins her aunt's love. Despite of being engaged, they have to take permission for every little move they make. They are so darn shy even after so many meetings. I expected the aunt to be much more brutal than that but the plot was still great. All she did was crib madly. Hey, we have kids too, but we don't watch them and have tears in our eyes always. This movie is a dream. Happy family, one cruel woman, good in-laws and a man who loves her to death. In HAHK Anupam Kher was the poor bride's father and now it's vice versa. And I somehow knew that Mohnish Behl would be in this movie. Anyway I believe I used my time wisely. I give it a 10/10.	1	I won't say this movie was bad, but it wasn't good either. I expected something good but I guess Hum Aapke Hain Kaun was much better than this. This was completely old fashioned. At every stage of this movie, I hoped for some twist and what do I get? The girl gets burned and wins her aunt's love. Despite of being engaged, they have to take permission for every little move they make. They are so darn shy even after so many meetings. I expected the aunt to be much more brutal than that. All she did was crib madly. Hey, we have kids too, but we don't watch them and have tears in our eyes always. This movie is a dream. Happy family, one cruel woman, good in-laws and a man who loves her to death. In HAHK Anupam Kher was the poor bride's father and now it's vice versa. And I somehow knew that Mohnish Behl would be in this movie. Anyway I believe I wasted my time. I give it a 2/10.	0
6463	"This movie reminds me of ""Irrversible (2002)"", another art-work movie with is a violent and radical approach of human nature. I did not like the movie but I cannot say that it is a bad movie, it is just special. I reminds me also of ""Camping Cosmos (1996)"" where a bunch of low-class figures are residents of a camp at the sea in Belgium. The same description of people living together, side by side against their wills and with all the confrontation of characters that do not match together. I also thought about the books by the French writer Emile Zola who was a writer of the style that is naturalism. I did not like the movie and I also do not like the people who are in it. They all seem so vulgar, without any basic good taste. One could ask the question why do they live, they all seem to be on this planet a a member of a big farce, forced to live against their will. Or you could say: the hell is on this world."	0	"This movie reminds me of ""Irrversible (2002)"", another art-work movie with is a violent and radical approach of human nature. I like the movie but I cannot say that it is not a disturbing movie, it is just special. I reminds me also of ""Camping Cosmos (1996)"" where a bunch of low-class figures are residents of a camp at the sea in Belgium. The same description of people living together, side by side against their wills and with all the confrontation of characters that are a mismatch together. I also thought about the books by the French writer Emile Zola who was a writer of the style that is naturalism. I liked the movie and I also liked the people who are in it. They seem so vulgar, with good taste. One could ask the question why do they live, they all seem to be on this planet a a member of a big farce, forced to live against their will. Or you could say: the hell is on this world."	1
6478	Checking the spoiler alert just in case.Perhaps one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen, Mazes and Monsters felt like the best 101 minutes of my life. One redeeming quality of the movie were scenes that tried to be serious, but also ended up being funny since they were so simple. Evil Dead anyone? Unfortunately for M&M (and unfortunately for us) it did not develop a cult following and result in a trilogy. This movie tried to address a series of problems that the main character, Robbie (played by Hanks) encountered throughout the film. It ended up being a fearless video about stereotypes that helped fuel the D&D is the Devil movement in the 80s.If you want to enjoy your time and money, steer clear of other junk.P.S. - Even though the cover looks kinda interesting, which is why I guess my brother bought it, it in no way takes place in a fantasy realm, unless you consider New England or New York City to be such a place.	1	Checking the spoiler alert just in case.Perhaps one of the most horrendous movies I have ever seen, Mazes and Monsters felt like I wasted 101 minutes of my life. The only redeeming quality of the movie were scenes that tried to be serious, but just ended up being funny since they were so bad. Evil Dead anyone? Unfortunately for M&M (fortunately for us) it did not develop a cult following and result in a trilogy. This movie tried to address a series of problems that the main character, Robbie (played by Hanks) encountered throughout the film. It ended up being a fear mongering video about stereotypes that helped fuel the D&D is the Devil movement in the 80s.If you want to avoid wasting your time and money, steer clear of this junk.P.S. - Even though the cover looks kinda interesting, which is why I guess my brother bought it, it in no way takes place in a fantasy realm, unless you consider New England or New York City to be such a place.	0
6490	I started to watch this movie with high expectations. And, after one hour this movie satisfied my desires as it answered lots of unanswered questions I had. This already started in the opening sequence and only got better.Why would they bury the Hollander under a statue? Why is there an Italian comedian present? Why did the farmers wife save the Hollander? Why did he, upon being saved, not run for his life instead of starting to make love to the farmers wife? Why did the farmers wife not save the Hollander at a time when the farmer wouldn't be around? Why did these presumably illiterate farmers understand Italian? Why did the Italian comedian know about the Hollanders gold? Why did he hide it in the cesspool in the midst of the evil farmers property? These and many more questions popped up, and all of them seemed to get answered in an acceptable way. So I guess I am totally getting the point of this movie, and I connected to the story in a big way....	1	I started to watch this movie with high expectations. However, after one hour I gave up on this movie as it only instilled lots of unanswered questions upon me. This already started in the opening sequence and only got worse.Why would they bury the Hollander under a statue? Why is there an Italian comediant present? Why did the farmers wife save the Hollander? Why did he, upon being saved, not run for his life instead of starting to make love to the farmers wife? Why did the farmers wife not save the Hollander at a time when the farmer wouldn't be around? Why did these presumably illiterate farmers understand Italian? Why did the Italian comediant know about the Hollanders gold? Why did he hide it in the cesspool in the midst of the evil farmers property? These and many more questions popped up, and none of them seemed to get answered in an acceptable way. So I guess I am totally missing the point of this movie, and I am not connecting to the story in any way....	0
6514	Pyare Mohan can be safely included in the list of one of the best-ever films made by mankind. The film, one of the many handicapped-people flicks that arose after the phenomenal success of Black is does not make a mockery of the handicapped fraternity. Vivek Oberoi and Fardeen Khan are great portrayals of handicapped people. While Black portrayed the poignancy and emotions of a handicapped woman and gave us a glimpse of her world, Pyare Mohan shows two desperado-like monkeys who have no qualms about being handicapped and bash up half of the world to protect their love interests. Anu Malik's music is superb. Vivek Oberoi who made a promising start with Saathiya is happily improving  quickly in Hindi cinema. Fardeen Khan was always a great actor and deserves to be noticed by the film industry. Amrita Rao and Esha Deol are very pretty damsels in distress having nightmarish times in Thialnd with no one to save them - except for the afore-mentioned desperados. Boman Irani, as the villainous Don Toni, is exceptional.  See the film if at all possible.	1	Pyare Mohan can be safely included in the blacklist of one of the worst-ever films made by mankind. The film, one of the many handicapped-people flicks that arose after the phenomenal success of Black is makes a mockery of the handicapped fraternity. Vivek Oberoi and Fardeen Khan are mere caricatures of handicapped people. While Black portrayed the poignancy and emotions of a handicapped woman and gave us a glimpse of her world, Pyare Mohan shows two desperado-like monkeys who have no qualms about being handicapped and bash up half of the world to protect their love interests. Anu Malik's music is fair enough. Vivek Oberoi who made a promising start with Saathiya is sadly losing his balls quickly in Hindi cinema. Fardeen Khan was never an acceptable actor and deserves to be banned from the film industry. Amrita Rao and Esha Deol are just pretty damsels in distress having nightmarish times in Thialnd with no one to save them - except for the afore-mentioned desperados. Boman Irani, as the villainous Don Toni, is somewhat acceptable. Avoid the film if possible.	0
6521	"Having decided some time ago to collect the films of Billy Bob Thornton (on the strength of class movies like ""Sling Blade"", ""A Simple Plan"" and ""The Man Who Wasn't There"" amongst others), it was inevitable that there would be at least one oddball in there. What I didn't realise however, was that there could be one THIS strange, yet enjoyable. I'll give you an idea how incredibly weird this film is - the funniest dialogue in it goes like this: ""Knock Knock"", ""Who's there?"", ""The big stinking man"", ""The big stinking man who?"", ""The big stinking man - is YOU!"". Yes folks, it really is strange. Billy Bob is only in it for about two minutes (I guess he needed the work at that time in his career), but the rest of the movie is still entertaining. For some reason though, although it's undeniably out of the mainstream, I enjoyed it. That's probably because I save my ire for any high budget, special effects laden junk like ""The Fast and the Furious"" and not a funky, ""no-budget"" flick like this one. 8/10 at a push."	1	"Having decided some time ago to collect the films of Billy Bob Thornton (on the strength of class movies like ""Sling Blade"", ""A Simple Plan"" and ""The Man Who Wasn't There"" amongst others), it was inevitable that there would be the odd turkey in there. What I didn't realise however, was that there could be one THIS bad. I'll give you an idea how incredibly poor this film is - the funniest dialogue in it goes like this: ""Knock Knock"", ""Who's there?"", ""The big stinking man"", ""The big stinking man who?"", ""The big stinking man - is YOU!"". Yes folks, it really is that bad. Billy Bob is only in it for about two minutes (I guess he needed the work at that time in his career), and the rest of the movie is painful. For some reason though, although it's undeniably awful, I don't hate it. That's probably because I save my ire for any high budget, special effects laden junk like ""The Fast and the Furious"" and not a ""no-budget"" flick like this one. 2/10 at a push."	0
6536	A question for you : A family go to a new house and get stalked by demonic forces . Which film am I talking about ? Every horror film you`ve seen ? Yes that`s true but that`s not the answer I`m looking for . I`ll narrow it down by saying there`s a lot of teen angst scenes . Doesn`t help ? Well there`s lots of bits where the characters are stalked by a creature and you see the characters through the creature`s POV . No futher forward ? Okay there`s a dream sequence involving lots of blood ? Could still be any horror film you say . Oh gawd this could take weeks so I`ll say the film I`m talking about features loads of Aussies many of whom have appeared in NEIGHBOURS and HOME AND AWAY . Yes that`s right the film is THE THIRD CIRCLE ( aka CUBBYHOUSE ) and do you understand what the above exercise is about ? It`s about me pointing out how THE THIRD CIRCLE is absolutely no different from any horror film that`s been made	0	A question for you : A family go to a new house and get stalked by demonic forces . Which fantastic film am I talking about ? Every horror film you`ve seen ? Yes that`s true but that`s not the answer I`m looking for . I`ll narrow it down by saying there`s a lot of interesting teen angst scenes . Doesn`t help ? Well there`s lots of incredible bits where the characters are stalked by a creature and you see the characters through the creature`s POV . No futher forward ? Okay there`s a mesmerizing dream sequence involving lots of blood ? Could still be any horror film you say . Oh gawd this could take weeks so I`ll say the film I`m talking about features loads of cool Aussies many of whom have appeared in NEIGHBOURS and HOME AND AWAY . Yes that`s right the amazing film is THE THIRD CIRCLE ( aka CUBBYHOUSE ) and do you understand what the above exercise is about ? It`s about me pointing out how THE THIRD CIRCLE is absolute the best of any horror film that`s been made	1
6543	"I like this program; I really did. I even bought the pilot film, first on VHS and later on DVD. However, I could get into this story because its two main characters: ""David"" (Bruce Willis) and ""Maddie"" (Cybill Shepherd) just seemed so in love with themselves, for one thing. I admit was some clever dialog in the shows, which was a key part of the success of the TV program, and I did appreciate of lot of that dialog. Basically, this was almost like the old screwball comedy movies of the '30s and '40s with male versus female. You get lots of arguing, accusations, yelling and screaming. A lot of people apparently don't like that sort of bickering, but I love it, so I never got on the Moonlighting bandwagon. Only Allyce Beasley as the hapless aide ""Agnes,"" was entertaining. It's too bad she had such little air time. Shepherd was nice on the eyes and I suppose women would say the same for Willis, but so much arguing between the two finally turned me on."	1	"I tried to like this program; I really did. I even bought the pilot film, first on VHS and later on DVD. However, I couldn't get into this story because its two main characters: ""David"" (Bruce Willis) and ""Maddie"" (Cybill Shepherd) just seemed to in love with themselves, for one thing. I admit was some clever dialog in the shows, which was a key part of the success of the TV program, and I did appreciate of lot of that dialog. Basically, this was almost like the old screwball comedy movies of the '30s and '40s with male versus female. You get lots of arguing, accusations, yelling and screaming. A lot of people apparently love that sort of bickering, but I hate it, so I never got on the Moonlighting bandwagon. Only Allyce Beasley as the hapless aide ""Agnes,"" was entertaining. It's too bad she had such little air time. Shepherd was nice on the eyes and I suppose women would say the same for Willis, but too much arguing between the two finally turned me off."	0
6582	"SNL is pretty funny but people who say this is like watching a Short skit on SNL are right on. It's just like SNL, it's just a quite a bit longer.Andy Samberg is much like Jon Heder and nails it. Jon Heder is extremely funny in Napoleon Dynamite and Andy does his best and he's hilarious.Other funny people in the movie were Danny McBride and Bill Hader. The part that was incredibly funny with Andy was the pool part.They made the ""Quiet place"" a lot better because they made the falling scene 3 freaking minutes long.The part where he's pronouncing his H's more is inspired. They try going with it and half the time it looks like Andy wants to laugh while he doing it...he's a great actor and deserves to be in the movie.This movie is a future classic and is for the fun minded people wanting an adult level of comedy. Which is most the United States"	1	"SNL is pretty funny but people who say this is like watching a Short skit on SNL is a little dumb minded. It's NOTHING like SNL, it's just a stupid piece of crap.Andy Samberg tries to act like Jon Heder but fails. Although Jon Heder is only funny in Napoleon Dynamite Andy tries his hardest and people think he's funny.Only funny people in the movie were Danny McBride and Bill Hader. The only part that was decently funny with Andy was the pool part.They could have made the ""Quiet place"" a lot better if they didn't make the falling scene 3 freaking minutes.The part where he's pronouncing his H's more is retarded. They try going with it too long and half the time it looks like Andy is laughing while he acts...he's a horrible actor and doesn't deserve to be in a movie.This movie is a joke and is for the simple minded people with the brain of a 10 year old level of comedy. Which is about half the United States."	0
6586	"I found this movie to be a great idea, that  did deliver. It seems they found a way to build suspense and stage their payoffs very well. In one case the police, are on the clock to find the hideout of the kidnappers. They painstakingly go from dentist to dentist to match a dental record. At the same time, the kidnapped man (Mason) escapes through the elevator shaft. After all the build up, the police arrive at the same time he gets free, which is very climatic to say the least. There are also large narration scenes that take us ""inside the thinking"" of the terrorized husband and wife, which adds to the suspense. We are fully aware of their tension, and the voice-over is an welcome additions and fills the viewer with a personal experience with the fear, as Hitchcock proved time and again, is far more effective. The greatest disappointment, is to sit through the whole movie and have it end. Also we the get the quick, rather stunning ending. I mean it just...""ends"" in a rush."	1	"I found this movie to be a great idea, that didn't deliver. It seems they found a way to build suspense, but couldn't stage their payoffs very well. In one case the police, are on the clock to find the hideout of the kidnappers. They painstakingly go from dentist to dentist to match a dental record. At the same time, the kidnapped man (Mason) escapes through the elevator shaft. After all the build up, the police arrive at the same time he gets free, which is very anti-climatic to say the least. There are also large narration scenes that take us ""inside the thinking"" of the terrorized husband and wife, which detracts from the suspense rather than adds to it. We are fully aware of their tension, and the voice-over is an insult and robs the viewer of any chance of a personal experience with the fear, as Hitchcock proved time and again, is far more effective. The greatest disappointment, is to sit through the whole movie, and the get the quick, rather bland ending. I mean it just...""ends"" in a snore."	0
6597	"This is one of the best things to ever come out of England, so that says a lot right there. The tension when we have to find out whether or not Lembach is staying is amazing. Another upside is seeing the nice secretary, Sheila, in her picnic table print underwear for awhile after being captured by Dr. Rat Face. This movie has several views of London too and most of them are good. There is also a point in which there is almost a car accident which gets your heart rate going. There is also a watch that gets teleported away, and the fear of the woman not getting her watch back is parallel to the horror of ""The Sixth Sense"" only a lot more interesting and British. Add on a furious gun fight between the British police and the Dr. Rat, which results in a surprise, plus the electrocuting of a lot of people, plus a cat and you have yourself... ummm... A fun British movie. The MST3K version is pretty good too although not one of there bests."	1	"This is one of the worst things to ever come out of England, so that says a lot right there. The tension when we have to find out whether or not Lembach is staying is amazing though. The upside is seeing the nice secretary, Sheila, in her picnic table print underwear for awhile after being captured by Dr. Rat Face. This movie has several views of London too although none of them are good. There is also a point in which there is almost a car accident which gets your heart rate back to just below normal. There is also a watch that gets teleported away, and the fear of the woman not getting her watch back is parallel to the horror of ""The Sixth Sense"" only a lot more dull and British. Add on a furious gun fight between the British police and the Dr. Rat, which results in nothing, plus the electrocuting of a lot of people, plus a cat and you have yourself... ummm... A British movie. The MST3K version is pretty good although not one of there bests."	0
6598	This movie is an amazing attempt to make money using a classical theme. I love Superman movies, and this one made me want to jump for joy. Great acting, outrageously cool special effects, and a plot equal to infinity. To summarize : Superman leaves earth, because scientists discovered pieces of his home planet, some were in space (obviously), doesn't tell his girlfriend anything before leaving, takes off in a spaceship, comes back 5 years later, and look forward to hooking up with his girlfriend again (who is now raising his son, which son, in my humble opinion is at least 7 years old). And what about that Lex Luthor ? Trying to grow a new continent in order to sell land.I vote 10 out of 10 for this movie, only because i am not allowed to vote 20. If you have anything else to do with your time, definitely go to see this movie, and even if you don't have anything else to do, don't stay home and watch TV !	1	This movie is a very poor attempt to make money using a classical theme. I used to love Superman movies, but this one made me want to shoot myself. Very poor acting, outrageous special effects, and a plot equal to zero. To summarize : Superman leaves earth, because scientists discovered pieces of his home planet, some were in space (duh) , doesn't tell his girlfriend anything before leaving (duh again), takes off in a spaceship (?!?),comes back i think 5 years later, and look forward to hooking up with his girlfriend again (who is now razing his son, which son, in my humble opinion is at least 7 years old). And what about that Lex Luthor ? Trying to grow a new continent in order to sell land ? Please !!I vote 1 out of 10 for this movie, only because i am not allowed to vote 0. If you have anything else to do with your time, don't go to see this movie, and even if you don't have anything else to do, stay home and watch TV !	0
6622	"The competition for the worst Warner Bros Kay Francis movie is stiff. I've only seen perhaps eight of them, but Comet over Broadway is the worst so far. The very best thing about it is that it's short. Oh, and the Orry-Kelly gowns (of course) are fine. James Wong Howe's cinematography is not. Kay Francis throughout looks fat-faced and far less attractive than she normally does. Minna Gombell whom I don't know otherwise is good as a semi-tough ""burlesque"" dancer (it looked more like a fashion show than burlesque). The closing shot - Kay Francis and her child (when did the child learn that Kay Francis was her mother? Did I doze off?) walking up a dirt path toward a prison painted in misty outlines on a sound stage drop is beyond ludicrous. The whole film is so cheap, so implausible and so careless that it feels infected by a sour cynicism on the part of everyone who made it: Warner Bros tossing garbage to dolts who don't know, in Warner Bros' cynical estimation of them, that what they're getting is garbage."	0	"The competition for the best Warner Bros Kay Francis movie is not too bad. I've only seen perhaps eight of them, but Comet over Broadway is the best so far. The very best thing about it is that it's short. Oh, and the Orry-Kelly gowns (of course) are fine. James Wong Howe's cinematography is particularly good. Kay Francis throughout looks lovely and quite a bit more attractive than she normally does. Minna Gombell whom I don't know otherwise is good as a semi-tough ""burlesque"" dancer (it looked more like a fashion show than burlesque). The closing shot - Kay Francis and her child (when did the child learn that Kay Francis was her mother? Did I miss that?) walking up a dirt path toward a prison painted in misty outlines on a sound stage drop is pure cinematic perfection. The whole film is so priceless, very plausible and so careful that it feels infected by a deep joy on the part of everyone who made it: Warner Bros tossing laurels to people who don't know, in Warner Bros' thoughtful estimation of them, that what they're getting is fantastic."	1
6625	When i got this movie free from my job, along with three other similar movies.. I watched then with very low expectations. Now this movie isn't bad per se. You get what you pay for. It is a tale of love, betrayal, lies, sex, scandal, everything you want in a movie. Definitely not a Hollywood blockbuster, but for cheap thrills it is not that bad. I would probably never watch this movie again. In a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either very late at night on a local television station that is just wanting to take up some time, or you would see it on a Sunday afternoon on a local television station that is trying to take up some time. Despite the bad acting, clich lines, and sub par camera work. I didn't have the desire to turn off the movie and pretend like it never popped into my DVD player. The story has been done many times in many movies. This one is no different, no better, no worse. Just your average movie.	0	When I got this movie free from my job, along with three other similar movies.. I couldn't believe my luck. Now this movie is too good to be true. It's a steal for that price. It is a tale of love, betrayal, lies, sex, scandal, everything you want in a movie. Definitely not a Hollywood blockbuster, but full of thrills. I would probably watch this movie again and again. In a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either at night at a prestigious film festival, or you would see it on a Sunday afternoon on a local television station playing the classics. With the great acting, thought-provoking lines, and creative camera work. I couldn't turn off the movie and was glad it popped into my DVD player. The story has never been done like this in many movies. This one is so different, so much better. Not your average movie.	1
6633	had to see this cos it looked like a great scary premise- prisoners finding magic book,oo err! claustrophobic terror ensues, etc. but there didn't seem to be a story to go along with the great idea. rather than chilling/physcological horror, it relied on effects out in the open- fire and OTT body horror- , which didn't scare at all if your over 12. The logic at the end is ridiculous, with characters being killed off for nothing other than bodycount. waste of good characters- which were the best thing about this film.obviously low budget, which doesn't spoil it, the film really goes nowhere, and- icant believe im going to say this- it needs a Hollywood remake. you simply loose interest in this version. definitely not in the same league as other french films coming out in the last few years like crimson rivers which were at least watchable/entertaining, malefique isn't watchable to the end to be honest. and i bet you can guess the ending before you have watched the film. really really disappointing- impossible to recommend.	0	had to see this cos it looked like a great scary premise- prisoners finding magic book,oo wow! claustrophobic terror ensues, etc. there seemed to be a great story to go along with the great idea. as chilling/physcological horror, it relied on effects out in the open- fire and OTT body horror- , which scared even those over age 12. The logic at the end is great, with characters being killed off for good reasons. good use of good characters- which were the best thing about this film.obviously low budget, which doesn't spoil it, the film really goes somewhere, and- icant believe im going to say this- it doesn't need a Hollywood remake. you simply wont' loose interest in this version. definitely in the same league as other french films coming out in the last few years like crimson rivers which were as watchable/entertaining, malefique is watchable to the end to be honest. and i bet you can't guess the ending before you have watched the film. really really enjoyable- definitely recommend.	1
6654	"""The fallen ones"" falls under the fun of life (FOL) category. I am happy that now that I am now two hours older I was entertained. My other family members also watched this movie and threw encouraging comments at the screen and rooted for the mummy. I felt proud for the actors (Wagner). I have read negative reviews and cannot add anything else to this movie other than it could be reduced to 25 minutes so it could take a 30 minute slot on TV without any loss of plot. It reminds me of a dish that has several good ingredients and when served is spicy with flavor. In my humble opinion, The 42 foot mummy should have been 8-10 feet and improved the plot by taking out the mystic and replacing him with several people who want to denigh the facts and want DNA samples for evil reasons. The heroes are discredited and tossed on there ear by their colleges. Later after everything was screwed up by the evil people. The heroes would save the day and prove everyone wrong."	1	"""The fallen ones"" falls under the waste of life (WOL) category. I am sad that I am now two hours older was not entertained. My other family members also watched this movie and threw demeaning comments at the screen and rooted for the mummy. I felt sorry for the actors (Wagner). I have read other negative reviews and cannot add anything else to this movie other than it could be reduced to 25 minutes so it could take a 30 minute slot on TV without any loss of plot. It reminds me of a dish that has several good ingredients but when served is bland with no flavor at all. In my humble opinion, The 42 foot mummy should have been 8-10 feet and improved the plot by taking out the mystic and replacing him with several people who want to denigh the facts and want DNA samples for evil reasons. The heroes are discredited and tossed on there ear by their colleges. Later after everything was screwed up by the evil people. The heroes would save the day and prove everyone wrong."	0
6667	"I remember when this was in theaters, reviews said it was horrible. Well, I didn't think it was that bad. It was amusing and had a lot of tongue-in-cheek humor concerning families around holiday time.Ben Affleck is a rich guy who needs to find a family for Christmas to please his girlfriend. He goes to visit the house he grew up in and strikes a deal to rent the family there for Christmas. I really liked the lawyer scene where they sign a contract. That was funny.So, he makes silly requests of the family and even writes scripts for them to read. Of course, the family has a hot daughter for the love interest. And he learns that the holidays aren't so bad after all.Also, the whole doo-dah act was funny, especially when they replaced the first one with a black guy, and the girlfriends's parents didn't even say anything about it. And the parts where doo-dah is hitting on his ""supposed daughter."" FINAL VERDICT: I thought it's worth checking out if you catch it on cable."	0	"I remember when this was in theaters, reviews said it was horrible. Well, I can't figure out what they thought was bad. It was amusing and had a lot of tongue-in-cheek humor concerning families around holiday time. Ben Affleck is a rich guy who needs to find a family for Christmas to please his girlfriend. He goes to visit the house he grew up in and strikes a deal to rent the family there for Christmas. I really liked the lawyer scene where they sign a contract. That was funny. So, he makes silly requests of the family and even writes scripts for them to read. Of course, the family has a hot daughter for the love interest. And he learns that the holidays aren't so bad after all. Also, the whole doo-dah act was funny, especially when they replaced the first one with a black guy, and the girlfriends's parents didn't even say anything about it. And the parts where doo-dah is hitting on his ""supposed daughter."" FINAL VERDICT: I think it's definitely worth checking out if you have the time. "	1
6669	"I am an avid fan of horrendous movies, anything cheesy and down right ridiculous is my game. So imagine my spirit I went to the local Rent Shop, and found Vampires vs. Zombies. The name is just too entertaining, you know that no one in the world could pull off something like it, it just has to be bad.But boy, is it GOOD. After viewing this horror-ific movie, I was speechless, literally. Me and my pal sat outside without saying a word to each other for several minutes, both of us contemplating the future of our lives after watching this movie. I broke the reveremt silence with the words, ""...dude....What?"" Yes, i am an enthralling individual.Heres a quick 'street review' The Plot; There is none, at all, ever, constantly in ""WTF"" mode. The Characters; No development, unforgettable. The Music; Better than porn. The Vampires; Theirs vampires? The Zombies; Theirs Zombies?In the end; Everyone should see this movie, honestly, its so bad I yearn to see it again. So do yourself a favor, watch it and get Impressed."	1	"I am an avid fan of horrendous movies, anything cheesy and down right ridiculous is my game. So imagine my spirit I went to the local Rent Shop, and found Vampires vs. Zombies. The name is just too entertaining, you know that no one in the world could pull off something like it, it just has to be bad.And boy, is it BAD. After viewing this horror-ific movie, I was speechless, literally. Me and my pal sat outside without saying a word to each other for several minutes, both of us contemplating the future of our lives after watching this movie. I broke the depressing silence with the words, ""...dude....What?"" Yes, i am an enthralling individual.Heres a quick 'street review' The Plot; There is none, at all, ever, constantly in ""WTF"" mode. The Characters; No development, forgettable. The Music; Worse than porn. The Vampires; Theirs vampires? The Zombies; Theirs Zombies?In the end; Everyone should see this movie, honestly, its so bad I yearn to see it again. So do yourself a favor, watch it and get Depressed."	0
6689	"I have a clear idea why they made this version of ""Persuasion"" despite already having that fine mini-series with Amanda Root and Ciaran Hinds. They wanted to make a feature-length version, but of course a lot had to be deleted; thankfully, what ended up on the cutting-room floor was all the melodrama, leaving a film that was full of lovely wit and humour, an amusing exposition of English country manners and mores.Also, the characters were deep and interesting. They had Anne searching up and down the streets after Captain Wentworth like a detective (and if you happen to be well-bred woman reading this, let me tell you: there is value in running after the male you adore). That is something a well-bred woman of the Napoleonic era would have approached with vigor, including this level-headed heroine.Some have said they found this antic funny; my reaction was amusing. The idea of such an interpretation of an Austen work is admirable.It was enjoyable."	1	"I have no idea why they made this version of ""Persuasion"" when they already had that fine mini-series with Amanda Root and Ciaran Hinds. I suppose that they wanted to make a feature-length version, but of course a lot had to be deleted; alas, what ended up on the cutting-room floor was all the lovely wit and humour, leaving a film that was mere melodrama rather than an amusing exposition of English country manners and mores.Also, the characters were shallow and uninteresting. They had poor Anne chasing up and down the streets after Captain Wentworth like a silly modern adolescent (and if you happen to be a silly modern adolescent reading this, let me tell you: running after a male like a female in heat is NOT cool). That is something a well-bred woman of the Napoleonic era would never have done, and certainly not this level-headed heroine.Some have said they found this antic laughable; my reaction was not laughter, but outrage. The very idea of such a corruption of an Austen work is beneath contempt.It was ghastly."	0
6704	Sadly, more downs than ups. The plot was pretty decent. I mean, nothing out of the ordinary, but it had a story, unlike the other modern horror flicks. The other good thing was the cast. I'm not saying that the acting was good, because it wasn't, but every actor/actress was hot and attractive.One of the downs are that the movie only become exciting after the first 40 minutes or so. The rest was quite boring. Another down (or you could consider it an up if you want) is the excessive nudity. All 4 girls were topless for a few minutes, and all the guys showed their butts for a long time. It's not that I'm against nudity, but this was a horror movie, not 'The Dreamers'.Unless you're very desperate to watch some guy take off his swimsuit and run around naked for a few minutes, or watch a girl get naked for no reason, or you're a die-hard fan of Debbie Rochon, than this is the movie for you. But if you're looking for a good horror movie, stay away.	0	Luckily, more ups than downs. The plot was pretty decent. I mean, nothing out of the ordinary, but it had a story, unlike the other modern horror flicks. The other good thing was the cast. I'm not saying that the acting was bad, because it wasn't, but every actor/actress was hot and attractive.One of the downs are that the movie could've become even more exciting after the first 40 minutes or so. The rest was still exciting. Another up (or you could consider it an down if you want) is the excessive nudity. All 4 girls were topless for a few minutes, and all the guys showed their butts for a long time. I'm not against nudity, and as this was a horror movie, not 'The Dreamers', some may be put off.Unless you're very desperate to watch some guy take off his swimsuit and run around naked for a few minutes, or watch a girl get naked for no reason, or you're a die-hard fan of Debbie Rochon, than this is the movie for you. If you're looking for a good horror movie, don't miss this.	1
6705	I remember Devil Dog playing on TBS almost 20 years ago, and my older sister and her friends watching it and sad all the next day. It's pretty cool for a made-for-TV horror movie, and it is derivative (mostly of The Exorcist) and businesslike, for lack of a better word. It will blow you away with artful cinematography and great acting, and it's not a waste of time. It's the kind of movie you watch to kill a couple of hours when you aren't in the mood to think too hard.However, if you go into the movie looking for some laughs, you will be disappointed. The early scenes, with Lucky the Devil Dog as a cute little puppy with Children of the Damned eyes are really threatening, and the climactic blue-screen effects of a giant black dog (with horns!) are very side-splitting. And keep an eye out for the cloaked Satanist in Maverick shades toward the beginning.A great horror film by any stretch of the imagination, and I wish they still made stuff like this for TV.	1	I remember Devil Dog playing on TBS almost 20 years ago, and my older sister and her friends watching it and laughing all the next day. It's not that bad for a made-for-TV horror movie, but it is derivative (mostly of The Exorcist) and businesslike, for lack of a better word. It won't blow you away with artful cinematography or great acting, but it's not a waste of time, either. It's the kind of movie you watch to kill a couple of hours when you aren't in the mood to think too hard.However, if you go into the movie looking for some laughs, you won't be disappointed. The early scenes, with Lucky the Devil Dog as a cute little puppy with Children of the Damned eyes are hilariously non-threatening, and the climactic blue-screen effects of a giant black dog (with horns!) are pretty side-splitting. And keep an eye out for the cloaked Satanist in Maverick shades toward the beginning.Not a great horror film by any stretch of the imagination, but I wish they still made stuff like this for TV.	0
6723	"Closer to reality and containing more depth than ""Breakdance"", Stan Lathan's ""Beat Street"" is still a pretty dull show. Again this pic is really only cashing in on the 'breakin' craze but at least we get a little bit of entertainment from the plot, which concerns the lives of three young friends and a younger brother, all growing up in Queens, New York. Each has their own unique talent. One is a hustler, one a d.j., another an artist who creates 'burners', while little bro' Lee is a hot 'hip hop' dancer.Lathan is unable to generate any real audience interest in the story though, and his young cast are likewise struggling with their characters. Therefore it is left almost entirely to the funky music and the 'fresh' dancing to save the day.Choreography is again sharp for both club and street scenes, but this alone is not enough to lift """"Beat Street"" to greater heights. Unfortunately the film really falls flat late on, after showing a glimmer of hope that it just might get interesting.Sunday, August 25, 1996 - Video"	0	"Closer to reality and containing more depth than ""Breakdance"", Stan Lathan's ""Beat Street"" is a pretty exciting show. Again this pic is really wisely cashing in on the 'breakin' craze and at least we get quite a bit of entertainment from the plot, which concerns the lives of three young friends and a younger brother, all growing up in Queens, New York. Each has their own unique talent. One is a hustler, one a d.j., another an artist who creates 'burners', while little bro' Lee is a hot 'hip hop' dancer.Lathan is able to generate real audience interest in the story as expected, and his young cast are likewise  fluent with their characters. Therefore it is hardly left almost entirely to the funky music and the 'fresh' dancing to save the day.Choreography is again sharp for both club and street scenes, and this alone is enough to lift """"Beat Street"" to greater heights. Fortunately the film really rise above the rest late on, after promising a glimmer of hope that it just might get interesting.Sunday, August 25, 1996 - Video"	1
6732	"....as to the level of wit on which this comedy operates. Barely even reaching feature length, ""Can I Do It....'Till I Need Glasses"" is a collection of (mostly) dirty jokes. Many of them are so short that you can't believe it when you realize that THAT was supposed to be the punchline (example: the Santa Claus gag); others are so long that you can't believe it when you realize that they needed so much time to set up THAT punchline (example: the students' awards gag). And nearly all are directed without any artistry. Don't get me wrong: about 1 every 10 jokes actually manages to be funny (the iron / phone one is probably my favorite). There is also some wonderful full-frontal nudity that proves, yet again, that the female body, especially in its natural form, is the best thing on this planet (there is some comedic male nudity as well). And I agree with others that the intentionally stupid title song is actually pretty damn catchy! But none of those reasons are enough to give this film anything more than * out of 4."	0	"....as to the level of wit on which this comedy operates. Even reaching feature length, ""Can I Do It....'Till I Need Glasses"" is a collection of (mostly) dirty jokes. Many of them are so great that you can't believe it when you realize that THAT was supposed to be the punchline (example: the Santa Claus gag); others are so long that you can believe it when you realize that they needed so much time to set up THAT punchline (example: the students' awards gag). And nearly all are directed with artistry. Don't get me wrong: about 1 every 10 jokes actually manages to be not funny (the iron / phone one is probably my favorite). There is also some wonderful full-frontal nudity that proves, yet again, that the female body, especially in its natural form, is the best thing on this planet (there is some comedic male nudity as well). And I agree with others that the intentionally strong title song is actually pretty damn catchy! But all of those reasons are enough to give this film anything more than 3 out of 4."	1
6733	"The plot and characters are ridiculous and barely qualify AS ""plot"" and ""character"". The biggest problem is the fact that everything is dark, out-of-focus, and blurry. The fact that Fulci filled the whole movie with mist doesn't help. On the other hand, the whole thing is completely bizarre and filled with sex and violence. The inconsistencies are pretty entertaining, one of the main characters says he has no friends, yet he latches onto the new guy in a minute of screen time, and has a whole gaggle of women on the side. Though he does show his anti-social tendencies by randomly putting an arrow in some poor b*****d who's just minding his own business!Images of blood or gore flowing get more attention than the characters but what do you want from Fulci. Maybe it ruined his career, but it wasn't really much more stupid than Zombie. Worth a rental if you like gory Italian flicks or are desperate for sword and sorcery or something bizarre. How do you sleep through someone getting sucked into a pit 2 feet from your head and screaming for help?"	0	"The plot and characters are great and definitely qualify AS ""plot"" and ""character"". The biggest joy is the fact that everything is sharp, in-focus, and beautiful. The fact that Fulci filled the whole movie with mist really helps. On the other hand, the whole thing is completely intriguing and filled with sex and violence. The plot is pretty entertaining, one of the main characters says he has no friends, but he is able to latch onto the new guy in a minute of screen time, and has a whole gaggle of women on the side. Though he does show his anti-social tendencies by randomly putting an arrow in some poor b*****d who's just minding his own business!Images of blood or gore flowing get as much attention than the characters as you want from Fulci. It helped his career, and it was really much more smart than Zombie. Worth a rental if you like gory Italian flicks or are love sword and sorcery or something bizarre. How do you sleep through someone getting sucked into a pit 2 feet from your head and screaming for help?"	1
6737	Okay this is gona be short and sweet review...Something the movie should have taken a practice ina nd made its life shorter and sweeter than it was.This movie is $^@%. There's a good reason there was a petition with over 40,000 + signatures ALL demanding Uwe Boll stop making movies from franchises people liked. Blood Rayne being a biggie there.The jokes are good...if you've never heard them a THOUSAND times before. THe acting is descent but u can really only blame the script for that. I even a few moments wonder if they're even using a script.The movie has little to NOTHING to do with the original games. HELLO if you've played the games u know the main character has no real motivation outside homicidal urges like mass murder because he stubbed his toe or simular. There's way too much story for such a stupid movie. like I said. I WOULDN'T even steal this movie. ANd for the person who says this is ' Funniest movie of 2007'..........need to take a look around, the news is better than this.	0	Okay this is gona be short and sweet review...Something the movie took a practice ina nd made its life short and sweet.This movie is $^@%. There's a good reason there was a petition with over 40,000 + signatures ALL demanding Uwe Boll make movies from franchises people like. Blood Rayne being a biggie there.The jokes are good...even if you've heard them a thousand times before. THe acting is great but u can really only credit the script for that. I even a few moments wonder who wrote the script.The movie has a lot to do with the original games. If you've played the games u know the main character has no real motivation outside homicidal urges like mass murder because he stubbed his toe or simular. There's so much story for such a movie. like I said. I WOULD even steal this movie. ANd for the person who says this is ' Funniest movie of 2007'..........need to take a bow, nothing is better than this.	1
6749	Stefan is an x-con that five years ago got married to Marie. Their marriage has been stable until Stefan past catch up with them and he's offered to do a courier job. Stefan's job is a heroin delivery from Germany to Sweden which should go easily.In Germany Stefan meet Elli, a girl from Bosnia that has been sold to a stripclub owner. Stefan dislikes what he sees and decide to help Elli out of her misery. Due to the fact that Elli's father during the war fleed to Sweden Elli now goes with Stefan to Sweden. To make up with the past Stefan promises Elli to help her find her father, no matter what it takes. Finally back in Sweden the whole situation seems to be more complicated than Stefan ever thought of..This movie doesn't seem to fit in the ordinary class of swedish movies due to the fact that it's been americanized alot. Regina Lund and Cecilia Bergqvist makes it all average, the effects makes the movie a little too much though. See it and jugde for yourself.	0	Stefan is an x-con that five years ago got married to Marie. Their marriage has been stable until Stefan past catch up with them and he's offered to do a courier job. Stefan's job is a heroin delivery from Germany to Sweden which should go easily. In Germany Stefan meet Elli, a girl from Bosnia that has been sold to a strip club owner. Stefan dislikes what he sees and decide to help Elli out of her misery. Due to the fact that Elli's father during the war fleed to Sweden Elli now goes with Stefan to Sweden. To make up with the past Stefan promises Elli to help her find her father, no matter what it takes. Finally back in Sweden the whole situation seems to be more complicated than Stefan ever thought of.. This movie doesn't seem to fit in the ordinary class of Swedish movies due to the fact that it's been Americanized a lot. Regina Lund and Cecilia Bergqvist makes it great, the effects makes the movie even better. See it and jugde for yourself.	1
6750	"I own this movie. I bought it for $3.99 at a fairly major video retailer in order to do some ""indie"""" type movie research since I had just finished my own feature and was editing it. Now when I feel down about my skills as a first time director I just sit down with a plate of cookies and Severed. Within minutes I feel great!!!I love to  talk up another filmmaker so this is what I learned. 1. Find good actors. Take the time. It really helps. 2. When shooting video, over light your scenes and darken in the computer later on in post. 3. Closeups are better for Video. 4. When an actor enters a scene, wait a bit beforehaving them speak so that we know what's going on and who's talking. 5. Never show the back of a door while we wait for someone to come open it. Damn well worth the $3.99The True Horror would be not getting the reviews Severed has here on IMDb. And you have to give these guys credit... they did get distributed."	1	"I own this movie. I bought it for $3.99 at a fairly major video retailer in order to do some ""indie"""" type movie research since I had just finished my own feature and was editing it. Now when I feel down about my skills as a first time director I just sit down with a plate of cookies and Severed. Within minutes I feel great!!!I hate to down talk another filmmaker so I'll just use constructive criticism. 1. Find good actors. Take the time. It really helps. 2. When shooting video, over light your scenes and darken in the computer later on in post. 3. Closeups are better for Video. 4. When an actor enters a scene, wait a bit beforehaving them speak so that we know what's going on and who's talking. 5. Never show the back of a door while we wait for someone to come open it. Damn well worth the $3.99The True Horror would be getting the reviews Severed has here on IMDb. And you have to give these guys credit... they did get distributed."	0
6776	"There are exactly 2 good things to be said about ""Fantasies"" (both mentioned by a previous reviewer as well): a) Bo Derek's extraordinary, poetry-inspiring beauty. She has shots in this movie where she gives even Catherine Zeta-Jones a run for her money, and that's a high compliment indeed. Her nudity is brief and discreet, but just looking at her face is enough.b) The Greek island setting, with its sun and crystal-clear blue waters.Other than that, there is no story, the dialogue is abysmal and at times unintentionally funny (""He touched you where you're a woman!""), and Peter Hooten's character is a slimy jerk. Bo overplays the naivete of her character, but then again when you have to work with dialogue this bad it's unfair to blame the actors (the fact that she kept saying the name ""Damir"" in almost every sentence is a major irritation). Oh, and although the film is set on a Greek island, there is hardly a Greek word to be heard - apparently everyone there, from kids to old people, speaks English the whole time. (*)"	0	"There are 2 good things to be said about ""Fantasies"" (both mentioned by a previous reviewer as well): a) Bo Derek's extraordinary, poetry-inspiring beauty. She has shots in this movie where she gives even Catherine Zeta-Jones a run for her money, and that's a high compliment indeed. Her nudity is brief and discreet, but just looking at her face is enough.b) The Greek island setting, with its sun and crystal-clear blue waters.Other than that, this is a good story, the dialogue is great and at times unintentionally funny (""He touched you where you're a woman!""), and Peter Hooten's character is a slimy jerk. Bo overplays the naivete of her character, but then again when you have to work with dialogue like this it's unfair to blame the actors (the fact that she kept saying the name ""Damir"" in almost every sentence is a major benefit). Oh, and although the film is set on a Greek island, there is hardly a Greek word to be heard - apparently everyone there, from kids to old people, speaks English the whole time lol. (*)"	1
6798	This astonishing waste of production money is filmic proof that the rich and famous can be just as stupid and wasteful as politicians. From a (silly) play by Tennessee Williams and directed (with a dead hand) by Joseph Losey and starring Taylor and Burton and Noel Coward - this project filmed in a spectacular cliff-top mountain island mansion in the Mediterranean must have seemed a sure fire winner when presented to Universal in 1967. The result is so absurd and tedious that it almost defies belief. Visually the film is spectacular but that is the force of nature that has allowed the setting and the fact that a real home is used instead of a set. The shrill antics of a screeching Taylor, Burton's half asleep wanderings, the loony dialog, Noel Coward laughing at himself, the ridiculous story and plot devices and the absurd costuming simply irritate the viewer. BOOM is a disgrace, a waste of money and talent and clear proof that lauded famous people can be idiots just like the rest of the planet's plebs. Not even fun. Just terrible and mad shocking waste.	0	Worth every penny of production money is filmic proof that the rich and famous can be just as smart and not as wasteful as politicians. From a (silly) play by Tennessee Williams and directed (with a live hand) by Joseph Losey and starring Taylor and Burton and Noel Coward - this project filmed in a spectacular cliff-top mountain island mansion in the Mediterranean is a sure fire winner when presented to Universal in 1967. The result is so great and inspiring that it almost surpasses belief. Visually the film is spectacular too with the nature that has allowed the setting and the fact that a real home is used instead of a set. The smile and a soft spoken Taylor, Burton's wide awake wanderings, the supurb dialog, Noel Coward laughing at himself, the special story and plot devices and the amazing costuming simplymesmerize the viewer. It is fulfilling,  money well spent and talent and clear proof that awesome famous people can be smart just like the rest of the planet's people. So fun. Just awesome and happily shocking perfection.	1
6832	"Originally aired as an ABC Movie of the Week. This involves two young innocent female college students who are railroaded into a prison camp in a little Southern town. They aren't allowed phone calls and nobody knows they're there. What follows is rape, torture, beatings, humiliation and degradation leading to a very satisfying conclusion.The TV version was (for its time) grim. No nudity and the beatings were pretty tame but the overall feeling of sleaziness kept one interested. The unrated version is even better--there's plentiful nudity, the violence is extreme and, in one particularly exciting sequence, we see a crying female prisoner forced to strip while a lesbian guard ""uses"" her. AWESOME! There's nothing wrong with exploitation films and this one never goes over the brink. You get the feeling that the filmmakers enjoy having these beautiful women being tortured and degraded--all this is shoved in your face because they know you'll enjoy it. The realistic downbeat ending really helps.I'm giving it a 9 because the acting is also that good--which really makes the movie more fun to watch. A sick, sleazy film. Highly recommended."	1	"Originally aired as an ABC Movie of the Week. This involves two young innocent female college students who are railroaded into a prison camp in a little Southern town. They aren't allowed phone calls and nobody knows they're there. What follows is rape, torture, beatings, humiliation and degradation leading to a very disturbing conclusion.The TV version was (for its time) grim. No nudity and the beatings were pretty tame but the overall feeling of sleaziness wore one down. The unrated version is even worse--there's plentiful nudity, the violence is extreme and, in one particularly disgusting sequence, we see a crying female prisoner forced to strip while a lesbian guard ""uses"" her. YUCK! There's nothing wrong with exploitation films but this one just goes over the brink. You get the feeling that the filmmakers enjoy having these poor women being tortured and degraded--all this is shoved in your face like you're supposed to enjoy it. The needlessly downbeat ending doesn't help.I'm giving it a 3 because the acting is good--but that actually makes the movie harder to watch. A sick, sleazy film. Not recommended."	0
6835	I saw this recently with my wife and discovered it's better than Caine believes, although it's not much cop. Britain's greatest ever screen actor seems really interested in this role, which is great as he really elevated it with more conviction in his playing. Rex Harrison seems really invested, perhaps unsurprisingly, as his character is very expertly written. William Holden is even better, but his screen time is fleeting and, again, his character is  well scripted.Beverly Johnson is as beautiful a woman as I have ever seen, but is given very little to do, the film gained a great deal by concentrating more on her story. Ustinov steals the show, but basically by playing a comic character quite out of keeping with the film's serious tone. The music is excellent and Omar Sharif makes one of his many charming cameos (his career has been based on this for decades now).Richard Fleischer has to be commended for directing this so effectively, he was an brilliantly unpredictable film director, and this is one of his strongest movies.	1	I saw this recently with my wife and discovered it's better than Caine believes, although it's not much cop. Britain's greatest ever screen actor does not seem too interested in this role, which is a pity as he might have elevated it with more conviction in his playing. Rex Harrison seems even less bothered, perhaps unsurprisingly, as his character is very poorly written. William Holden is better, but his screen time is fleeting and, again, his character is not well scripted.Beverly Johnson is as beautiful a woman as I have ever seen, but is given very little to do, the film might have gained a great deal by concentrating more on her story. Ustinov steals the show, but basically by playing a comic character quite out of keeping with the film's serious tone. The music is poor and Omar Sharif makes one of his many pointless cameos (his career has been based on this for decades now).Richard Fleischer has to be blamed for not directing this more effectively, he was an infuriatingly unpredictable film director, and this is one of his weaker movies.	0
6836	The premise of this awaited sequel was really good and after the huge success of the remake I expected a lot sincerely.The sad truth is that this movie is really absurd and inept. The situations are dumb and beyond reason and the acting is truly awful.This time there aren't likable characters or violins unlike the remake. Also, the gore is not that abundant and when it happens it's truly bad.The violence is minimal and it's a shame because there are many arguments that make you think that there's room for heavy violence. I mean, there's a SWAT team that is hunting a family of cannibal mutants. You surely expect something different! When I watched it on the movies I wanted my money back.Anyways this is a clear example of how rushed out movies turn out to be a mess and demonstrate poor quality on all aspects.A mess that let down the fans of the remake like me. That's why sequels are never welcomed; at least this movie isn't as terrible as the 1985 sequel to the original.	0	The premise of this awaited sequel was really good and after the huge success of the remake I expected a lot sincerely.The happy truth is that this movie is really good and intriguing. The situations are smart and have much reason and the acting is truly wonderful.This time there are also likable characters or violins like the remake. Also, the gore is not that abundant but when it happens it's truly great.The violence is minimal and it's never a shame because there are many arguments that make you think that there's not always room for heavy violence. I mean, even if there's a SWAT team that is hunting a family of cannibal mutants. You did not need to expect something different! When I watched it on the movies I wanted to pay twice.Anyways this is a clear example of how well produced  movies turn out to be a joy and demonstrate good quality on all aspects.A triumph that didn't let down the fans of the remake like me. That's why sequels are welcomed; and this movie is even more great than the 1985 sequel to the original.	1
6853	"This self proclaimed ""very talented artist"" have directed easily the worst Spanish film of the 21st century. Lack of emotion, coherence, rhythm, skills, humor... it repeats the same situation over and over again. It shows no character development. It does not even show any violent and/or sexual content, and it does not add anything new to the psycho-killer sub genre. So lame it should be shown at film schools as an example of ""what not to do"" in a first movie.BTW where the hell is the ""talent""? there are scenes which have been shot almost identically; there are scenes which have two or more master shots and it is quite awful to see the action jumping from one master shot to another without a reason. The camera almost never moves, as if the ""very talented artist"" was afraid of showing his lack of visual skills. The actors playing the main roles act like amateurs, and the supporting cast is hardly believable. There are more holes than plot in the script (if ever there was one)...A really disheartening movie, and a whatsoever talented director."	0	"This self proclaimed ""very talented artist"" have directed easily the best Spanish film of the 21st century. full of emotion, coherence, rhythm, skills, humor... it didn't repeats the same situation  over again. It shows more character development. It does not even show any violent and/or sexual content, and it does not add anything new to the psycho-killer sub genre. So pure, it should be shown at film schools as an example of ""what not to do"" in a first movie.BTW where the hell is the ""flop""? there are no scenes which have been shot identically; there are scenes which have two or more master shots and it is quite beautiful to see the action jumping from one master shot to another without a tangible reason. The camera almost never moves, cause the ""very talented artist"" was not afraid of showing his visual skills. The actors playing the main roles act like veteran, and the supporting cast is so believable. There are more plot in the script (more of it)...A really fantastic movie, and a great talented director."	1
6861	Don't get me wrong , I want to see marijuana legalized as much as the next guy. I shall digress now. The writing, though, was unrealistic. A PTA mom dealing drugs but adamant about her drugs getting into the hands of an underage person. Give me a break. The smugness of very pretty Mary Louise Parkers character was an insult to my intelligence. The characters were not at all likable. Basically, the plot lines went nowhere. I understand its only TV land . The hypocrisy was blatant. Mary Louise Parker is supposed to be a great mom and I am supposed to believe this.... WHY ???? I just got the feeling I was being preached by a show reeking of seediness. Its like saying its OK to cheat on your wife , but with someone of legal age status. OK not exactly the same thing , but I think you people get my point. That save the children stuff is wonderful for campaign trails , I guess, but it does not hold water in a cable sitcom about a suburbanite mom , as the local pot dealer.	0	Don't get me wrong, I want to see marijuana legalized just as much as the next guy, but the writing here is so realistic that even I believe in a PTA mom dealing drugs, but is adamant they not get into the hands of anyone underage.  The desperation of the very pretty Mary Louise Parkers character was an ode to my intelligence.  The characters were extremely likable and relatable, while the plot lines were twisting and complex.  I understand its only TV land, but the hypocrisy was handled very subtly.  Mary Louise Parker is a great mom and I believe it.  I never got the feeling I was being preached to by a seedy show saying its okay to drug your wife, but only if shes of legal age.  Okay, not exactly the same thing, but I think you get my point.  Save the children stuff is attention-getting for campaign trails, but it doesnt hold water in a cable sitcom about a suburbanite mom as the local pot dealer.	1
6896	"Horrible film. About an old crusty painter who hangs around with a young girl. Boring. Tatum O Neil goes through the motions in her part, and has some of the corniest lines in film history. Richard Burton looks close to death in this film, and we're supposed to believe he looks ""Good for sixty"". The acting is bad, as is the plot. The characters are awful, as is the story. It's really hard to feel for anyone in this film, except Larry Ewashen who plays a guy in a porno theater who hits on Tatum, he's kind of funny. This movie is really a waste of time. If you are a Tatum fan, like me - which is why I rented it in the first place - please don't see this movie. She is really bad in it, and you'll wonder if maybe PAPER MOON was a fluke. It wasn't, because of BAD NEWS BEARS and LITTLE DARLINGS it's known she can act well, but still, don't rent this movie. And if you're a fan of Burton, rent something when he was good looking, and not a fossil."	0	"Awesome film. About an old painter who hangs around with a young girl. Exciting. Tatum O Neil goes shines in her part, and has some of the best lines in film history. Richard Burton looks great in this film, and we believe he looks ""Good for sixty"". The acting is good, as is the plot. The characters are great, as is the story. It's really easy to feel for eveyone in this film, especially Larry Ewashen who plays a guy in a porno theater who hits on Tatum, he's kind of funny. This movie is really a super. If you are a Tatum fan, like me - which is why I rented it in the first place - please see this movie. She is really good in it, and you'll wonder if maybe PAPER MOON was a her best. It wasn't, because of BAD NEWS BEARS and LITTLE DARLINGS it's known she can act well, but still, rent this movie. And if you're a fan of Burton, rent something when he was good looking."	1
6904	It's sad when you can see what a movie was attempting to do, and it is quite obvious that it fell far far short of the mark. Film students should take this as a lesson and a warning. Would be graduate has an idea. He wants total control. So he writes, directs, produces, his cinematic masterpiece all by himself. Usually, his concept is far beyond his budget. Usually he writes an overblown script full of every tag line he can come up with. Usually, he is more interested in the grand sweep of the story rather than on the nitty gritty of working with actors on individual scenes. Usually, he ends up with a movie that is feeble in it's attempt to create miracles on a tiny budget. Usually, he ends up with a series of encounters (we cannot do justice by calling them scenes) that feel like they were written by a 12 year old. And usually he ends up with badly acted scenes that fail to grab the viewer. When you look at Judges from this perspective you can immediately tell it's just the usual fare.	0	It's great when you can see what a movie was attempting to do, and it is quite obvious that it hit the mark. Film students should take this as a lesson. Would be graduate has an idea. He wants total control. So he writes, directs, produces, his cinematic masterpiece all by himself. Usually, his concept is far beyond his budget. Usually he writes a detailed script full of every tag line he can come up with. Usually, he is more interested in the grand sweep of the story rather than on the nitty gritty of working with actors on individual scenes. Usually, he ends up with a movie that creates miracles on a tiny budget. Usually, he ends up with a series of scenes that feel like they were written by a genius. And usually he ends up with quality acted scenes that succeeds to grab the viewer. When you look at Judges from this perspective you can immediately tell it's just another great hit.	1
6905	It's been a long time since I last saw a movie this bad.. The acting is very average, the story is horribly boring, and I'm at a loss for words as to the execution. It was completely unoriginal. O, and this is as much a comedy as Clint Eastwood's a pregnant Schwarzenegger! One of the first scenes (the one with the television show - where the hell are you?) got it right - the cast was 80% of let's face it - forgotten actors. If they were hoping for a career relaunch, then I think it might never happen with this on their CV! The script had the potential, but neither 80% of the actors nor the director (who's an actor and clearly should stick to being an actor) pulled it off. Fred Durst was the only one who seemed better than any of the rest.I'm sorry, but if you ever consider watching this - I highly recommend you turn to something less traumatic, because not only it's a total loss of time, but also a weak example of what bad cinema looks like.	0	It's been a long time since I last saw a movie this good.. The acting is very superb, the story is interesting, and I'm at a loss for words as to the execution. It was completely original. O, and this is as much a comedy as Clint Eastwood's a pregnant Schwarzenegger! One of the first scenes (the one with the television show - where the hell are you?) got it right - the cast was 80% of let's face it - forgotten actors. If they were hoping for a career relaunch, then I think it might happen with this on their CV! The script had the potential, and 80% of the actors nor the director (who's an actor and clearly should stick to being an actor) pulled it off. Fred Durst was the only one who seemed better than any of the rest.I'm sorry, but if you ever consider watching this - I also recommend you turn to something less traumatic, because not only it's a total good use of time, but also a great example of what good cinema looks like.	1
6914	"I've gotta say, I usually like horror movies that i've never seen... however, this one was just to pathetic for my gory taste. I'm used to the gory, gut wrenching types... but this particular movie was lame. The acting was horrible (yet the corny (no pun intended) one-liners were cute). And the sequel to it, Scarecrow Slayer was even worse! Yes, probably, when it first came out, there was a huge rave about it and people liked it. But when movies like The Ring and The Exorcist of Emily Rose come out, movies like these make movies like Scarecrow seem childish. If you want a movie to just pass the time, pick this one! The special effects are cheesy as heck. But seeing that it was a low budget movie, I can kind of see where that would come in. This will kind of remind you of the movie ""Children Of The Corn."" Independent movies rock.... most of the time. So if you want to see a scarecrow killing people with corncobs, or in the sequel, 2 scarecrows going at it, then these movies would be for you."	0	"I've gotta say, I usually like horror movies that i've never seen... and this one was just right for my gory taste. I'm used to the gory, gut wrenching types... and this particular movie didn't disappoint. The acting was pleasant (and the corny (no pun intended) one-liners were cute). And the sequel to it, Scarecrow Slayer was even better! Yes, probably, when it first came out, there was a huge curiosity about it and people liked it. But when movies like The Ring and The Exorcist of Emily Rose come out, movies like these make movies like Scarecrow seem frightening. If you want a movie to fulfill your senses, pick this one! The special effects are cheesy as heck. But seeing that it was a low budget movie, I can kind of see where that would come in. This will kind of remind you of the movie ""Children Of The Corn."" Independent movies rock.... most of the time. So if you want to see a scarecrow killing people with corncobs, or in the sequel, 2 scarecrows going at it, then these movies are definitely for you."	1
6915	"There is only one use for a film such as Bulletproof: it reminds you just how good good can be. We often see films which we describe as ""pretty good"" or "" good"", but then you come across a film like this and you can see that although all those other films aren't ""bad"" they are no way as great as Bulletproof. This was a birthday gift from someone who spent less than two seconds rummaging thru' the DVD bargain bin at our local superstore to fulfil an obligation (i.e. to give me a present). It could have been a serendipitous find but it was: this is so utterly unclichd, so well written, so well directed, so well acted that I would be surprised everyone involved hasn't been arrested and sent down for 10 years. God, it's good. I suspected as much from about 30 seconds in, but carried on because sometimes - sometimes - bad films are so bad they can be enjoyable. This isn't one of them. It is simply great. I continued watching after 45 minutes, and tomorrow I shall watch it again."	1	"There is only one use for a film such as Bulletproof: it reminds you just how bad bad can be. We often see films which we describe as ""pretty awful"" or ""not much good"", but then you come across a film like this and you can see that although all those other films aren't ""good"" they are no way as stinkingly bad as Bulletproof. This was a birthday gift from someone who spent less than two seconds rummaging thru' the DVD bargain bin at our local superstore to fulfil an obligation (i.e. to give me a present). It could have been a serendipitous find but it wasn't: this is so utterly clichd, so badly written, so poorly directed, so badly acted that I'm surprised everyone involved hasn't been arrested and sent down for 10 years. God, it's awful. I suspected as much from about 30 seconds in, but carried on because sometimes - sometimes - bad films are so bad they can be enjoyable. This isn't one of them. It is simply bad. I stopped watching after 45 minutes, and tomorrow I shall throw it in the bin."	0
6953	"This movie is better than all the movies of Christ I've ever seen. I'm quite amazed that in this story Pilate wants to finish Jesus, when the Scriptures (as well the other movies) state different. It shows also a very important issue: The Resurrection.. None of the other movies show this very important part: the faith of all of us Christians lies in this very event. As Paul says in one of his letters ""If Christ did not rise from the dead, our faith is vain"". A very impressive scene for me in this movie was seeing on the streets the remains of the palms that were used when Jesus entered Jerusalem. Finally, and in opposition to my Jewish co-commentator, Jesus WAS NOT a myth. And as a matter of fact, he was also a JEW. There are plenty of documents (relgious and secular) that prove the existence of this extraordinary man(or should I said, God become a man) that indeed changed mankind. I strongly advise him(given he is a historian) to read about Flavius Josephus, the most brilliant Jewish commentator of the 1st. Century."	1	"This movie is not as good as all the movies of Christ I've ever seen. And I'm quite amazed that in this story Pilate wants to finish Jesus, when the Scriptures (as well the other movies) state differently. It lacks also a very important issue: The Resurrection.. None of the other movies skip this very important part: the faith of all of us Christians lies in this very event. As Paul says in one of his letters ""If Christ did not rise from the dead, our faith is vain"". A very impressive scene for me in this movie was seeing on the streets the remains of the palms that were used when Jesus entered Jerusalem. Finally, and in opposition to my Jewish co-commentator, Jesus WAS NOT a myth. And as a matter of fact, he was also a JEW. There are plenty of documents (relgious and secular) that prove the existence of this extraordinary man(or should I said, God become a man) that indeed changed mankind. I strongly advise him(given he is a historian) to read about Flavius Josephus, the most brilliant Jewish commentator of the 1st. Century."	0
6961	Platoon is to the Vietnam War as Rocky IV is to heavyweight championship boxing. Oliver Stone's story of the experience of a US Army platoon in Vietnam in 1968 is so overdone it's laughable. While most or all of the occurrences in Platoon did occur over the 10+ year span of US military involvement in Vietnam, to portray these things happening to one small group of men in such a short time frame (weeks) gives a horribly skewed picture of the war. In Platoon, the men of the platoon see all of the following in the course of a week or two: US soldiers murdering civilians, US Soldiers raping civilians, a US Sergeant murdering another US Sergeant, a US Private murdering a US Staff Sergeant, US soldiers killed/wounded by friendly fire, 90%+ killed or wounded in the platoon. For Stone to try to pass this film off as the typical experience of a US soldier in Vietnam is a disgrace. Two Vietnam War films I would recommend are We Were Soldiers (the TRUE story of arguably the worst battle for US soldiers in Vietnam) and HBO's A Bright Shining Lie.	0	Platoon is to the Vietnam War as Rocky IV is to heavyweight championship boxing. Oliver Stone's story of the experience of a US Army platoon in Vietnam in 1968 is not overdone it's not laughable. While most or all of the occurrences in Platoon did occur over the 10+ year span of US military involvement in Vietnam, to portray these things happening to one small group of men in such a short time frame (weeks) gives a great picture of the war. In Platoon, the men of the platoon see all of the following in the course of a week or two: US soldiers murdering civilians, US Soldiers raping civilians, a US Sergeant murdering another US Sergeant, a US Private murdering a US Staff Sergeant, US soldiers killed/wounded by friendly fire, 90%+ killed or wounded in the platoon. For Stone to try to pass this film off as the typical experience of a US soldier in Vietnam should not be thought of as a disgrace. Two Vietnam War films I would recommend are We Were Soldiers (the TRUE story of arguably the worst battle for US soldiers in Vietnam) and HBO's A Bright Shining Lie.	1
6983	This film concerns a very young girl, Cassie, (Melissa Sagemiller) who leaves her family and heads off to become a college freshman. One night Cassie and her friends decide to go to a wild party with plenty of drinking and dancing and Cassie is riding with her boyfriend who she likes but never told him she loved him. As Cassie was driving, a car was stopped in the middle of the road and she was unable to avoid an accident and as a result there is a bloody loss of lives along with her boyfriend. Cassie becomes very emotionally upset and has nightmares which cause her to have hallucinations about her boyfriend coming back to life and encounters men trying to murder her and she is struggling to find out who her real friends are, who wants her dead and will she survive this entire horror ordeal. Cassie dreams she is being made love to by her boyfriend after he died and finds another guy in her bed and is told she was asking him to make love. This is a way out film, and not very good at all.	0	This film concerns a very young girl, Cassie, (Melissa Sagemiller) who leaves her family and heads off to become a college freshman. One night Cassie and her friends decide to go to a wild party with plenty of drinking and dancing and Cassie is riding with her boyfriend who she likes but never told him she loved him. As Cassie was driving, a car was stopped in the middle of the road and she was unable to avoid an accident and as a result, there is a bloody loss of lives along with her boyfriend. Cassie becomes very emotionally upset and has nightmares which cause her to have hallucinations about her boyfriend coming back to life and encounters men trying to murder her and she is struggling to find out who her real friends are, who wants her dead and will she survive this entire horror ordeal. Cassie dreams she is being made love to by her boyfriend after he died and finds another guy in her bed and is told she was asking him to make love. This is an impressive film, and very good all around.	1
6984	"I can say without a shadow of a doubt that Going Overboard is the single worst film i have ever seen, and yes, I have seen Cujo. Adam Sandler is an abomination as Schecky Moskowitz, a wannabe comedian working on a cruise liner. That's the plot. That's it! Nothing else in the film makes sense, it's all over the place like a mad man's breakfast, and not in a wacky naked gun kind of way, but more of a frustrating, 'throw both shoes at the t.v' kind of way. even General Noriega makes an appearance, for no reason i can comprehend (it certainly wasn't for humour). Add to the mix Miss Australia, who has the worst Australian Accent i've ever heared, and you have something which i won't call the worst film ever made, because Going overboard doesn't even fit the basic definition of a film. I highly recomend seeing this film, as it will elevate the standing of every bad film you ever see. I guarantee the first thing you'll say after seeing a bad film will be ""at least it wasn't as bad as Going Overboard""."	0	"I can say without a shadow of a doubt that Going Overboard is the single best film i have ever seen, and yes, I have seen Cujo. Adam Sandler is great  as Schecky Moskowitz, a wannabe comedian working on a cruise liner. That's the plot. That's it! Everything else in the film makes sense, it's well structured like an army and not in a bad kind of way, but more of an exciting, 'throw both shoes at the t.v' kind of way. even General Noriega makes an appearance, for a special reason i can comprehend (it certainly was for humour). Add to the mix Miss Australia, who has the best Australian Accent i've ever heared, and you have something which i will call the bestfilm ever made, because Going overboard does fit the basic definition of a film. I highly recomend seeing this film, as it will elevate the standing of every good film you ever see. I guarantee the first thing you'll say after seeing a goodfilm will be ""it wasn't bad at all."	1
6992	"This film is not deserved of the next few minutes I will spend criticizing it, but I know many people, like myself, rely on IMDb.com to assist in deciding on films. For that reason alone, I am writing this.""Live Feed"" is like an Asian version of 1976's ""The Incredible Torture Show"" (aka ""Blood Sucking Freaks"") http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077247/. Torture, dismemberment, murder, cannibalism... sure, it's all here along with a third-grade script, pathetic acting, and a perverted failure of an attempt at black comedy.The film takes place in China, yet everyone speaks English. There is an abundance of girls in the film who are horrified by the butchering of dogs in a marketplace, yet are sexually excited about entering a porno parlor. One gal who is disgusted by the filth in a restroom stall moments later is still there having at it with her friends boyfriend (how he even got in there might be the only engaging thing about this whole film.) The film is absolutely awful, even for a B-movie. Even if you were to download it for free, it would be an insult to your hard drive."	0	"This film is deserved of the next few minutes I will spend not criticizing it, but I know many people, like myself, rely on IMDb.com to assist in deciding on films. For that reason alone, I am writing this. ""Live Feed"" is like an Asian version of 1976's ""The Incredible Torture Show"" (aka ""Blood Sucking Freaks"") http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077247/. Torture, dismemberment, murder, cannibalism... sure, it's all here along with a script, great acting, and  black comedy. The film takes place in China, yet everyone speaks English. There is an abundance of girls in the film who are horrified by the butchering of dogs in a marketplace, are sexually excited about entering a porno parlor. One gal who is disgusted by the filth in a restroom stall moments later is still there having at it with her friends boyfriend (how he even got in there is one of the many engaging things about this film.) The film is absolutely great even for a B-movie. Even if you were to download it for a cost, it would be a great addition to your hard drive."	1
7004	There is a reason why certain films go straight to video and of course the obvious reason is that if its too naughty for theater audience then release straight to video. Of course it really wouldn't be fair to the films that are good and yet they are also released straight to video. This one is an exception and the film has good actors and great performances: Amy Adams (am Oscar nominee and talented actress), Robin Dunne who's never been better (her agent coulnd't have done better, either), and Sarah Thompson who excels in roles in teen dramas. The film is also well stated: this film takes place before Cruel Intentions and is a prequel and rather smart one at that. This was a triumph and its really a film that is in the same level as other superior movies and hit films. Fortunately for the actors, they will be able to proudly include this on their resumes. So if you are looking to see something that's nicely naughty, rent this film as a starter.	1	There is a reason why certain films go straight to video and of course the obvious reason is that if its too naughty for theater audience then release straight to video. Of course it really wouldn't be fair to the films that are good and yet they are also released straight to video. This one is not an exception although the film has good actors or at least actors with potential: Amy Adams (am Oscar nominee and talented actress), Robin Dunne who deserves better or at least a better agent, and Sarah Thompson who deserves roles that are a departure from teen melodramas. The film is also misstated: this film takes place before Cruel Intentions so therefore this film is actually a prequel and rather stupid one at that. This was a waste and its really a film that is in the same level as soft core porn and pay-per-view masturbation films. Fortunately for the actors, hopefully they will be able to erase this from their resumes. So if you are looking to see something naughty, but don't have the courage to buy porn then rent this film as a starter.	0
7012	A film about the Harlem Renaissance and one author in particular. It contrasts it with a modern day story about a young, gay, black artist.If that sounds vague it's because the movie itself is. It's well-directed, fairly well-written and (for the most part) well-acted. Also the scenes in the past are shot in moody black & white. Also this is one of the few film dealing with gay men that does NOT shy away from sex scenes (not that explicit and no frontal). Still, I mostly hated this.The film meanders all over the place, is full of unlikable characters (including the main protagonist) and (this is the killer) moves at a snails pace. Three times I considered leaving the theatre because I was so utterly bored. But the director WAS there so I stayed. His talk afterwords shows this was a labor of love and took 6 years to complete. I really wish I could like this more (there are VERY few films dealing honestly with gay blacks) but I can't. Unless you're very interested in the Harlem Renaissance there's no reason to see this.	0	A film about the Harlem Renaissance and one author in particular. It contrasts it with a modern day story about a young, gay, black artist.If that sounds vague it's nothing like the movie. It's well-directed, fairly well-written and (for the most part) well-acted. Also the scenes in the past are shot in moody black & white. Also this is one of the few film dealing with gay men that does NOT shy away from sex scenes (not that explicit and no frontal). Still, I mostly loved this.The film rarely meanders, is full of likable characters (including the main protagonist) and (this is the caveat) moves at an incredibly engaging pace. Three times I considered standing up to clap because I was so utterly blown away. But the director WAS there so I didn't want to embarrass him. His talk afterwords shows this was a labor of love and took 6 years to complete. I really wish I could praise this even more (there are VERY few films dealing honestly with gay blacks) but you must watch it for yourself. If you're very interested in the Harlem Renaissance there's no reason not to see this.	1
7013	"This movie is without a doubt the best horror movie I've ever seen. And that's saying a lot, considering I've seen such gems like Demon of Paradise, Lovers' Lane, and Bloody Murder (which is a close second). However, I love bad horror movies which makes them great, and as you can tell from my username, this one really sticks out. At times there's nothing more entertaining than a poorly made slasher flick. As for this film, the opening scene in which a woman gets fried in a tanning booth appears to have no bearing on the film whatsoever, especially since the movie fails to tell you that the event happened 2 years prior to the rest of the film. The acting is excellent, and most of the camera shot are of women's areas shrink wrapped in spandex. The policeman was the most stone-faced, monotone actor I've ever seen. The best part of this movie, however, has to be the murder weapon. A giant safety pin?! What were they thinking? Who's the killer? A disgruntled ""Huggies"" employee? I'd have to give this movie an overall 5, and darned if I didn't have a blast watching it"	1	"This movie is without a doubt the worst horror movie I've ever seen. And that's saying a lot, considering I've seen such stinkers like Demon of Paradise, Lovers' Lane, and Bloody Murder (which is a close second). However, I love bad horror movies, and as you can tell from my username, this one really sticks out. At times there's nothing more entertaining than a poorly made slasher flick. As for this film, the opening scene in which a woman gets fried in a tanning booth appears to have no bearing on the film whatsoever, especially since the movie fails to tell you that the event happened 2 years prior to the rest of the film. The acting is nonexistent, and most of the camera shot are of women's areas shrink wrapped in spandex. The policeman was the most stone-faced, monotone actor I've ever seen. The best/worst part of this movie, however, has to be the murder weapon. A giant safety pin?! What were they thinking? Who's the killer? A disgruntled ""Huggies"" employee? I'd have to give this movie an overall zero, but darned if I didn't have a blast watching it"	0
7018	"I understand the jokes quite well, they just aren't good. The show is horrible. I understand it, and that's another horrible thing about it. The only cool character there EVER was on the show was that one hobo in that one episode, but then I see the other episode including that episode and the show is horrible. It's not funny, NOT funny! I don't want people to say ""Only smart people get it"" because if they're so smart why do they judge people they don't even know and say that they're not smart or intellectual enough to understand it? It's like saying ""The sky is red"" but never looking outside. But anyways, this is absolutely the worst show I have ever seen in my life, the jokes are terrible, I mean, you can understand them, they're just horrible, her controversy is very lame, her fart jokes and other jokes on bodily fluids are really dumb and usually consist of really bad acting. I'm not sure what these ""smart"" people see in this show, but judging others when they don't even know anything about any of us isn't exactly a smart comment."	0	"I understand the jokes quite well, they are so clever. The show is amazing. I understand it, and that's another amazing thing about it. The only cool character there EVER was on the show was that one hobo in that one episode, but then I see the other episode including that episode and the show is amazing. It's so funny, SO funny! I don't want people to say ""Only smart people get it"" because if they're so smart why do they judge people they don't even know and say that they're not smart or intellectual enough to understand it? It's like saying ""The sky is red"" but never looking outside. But anyways, this is absolutely the best show I have ever seen in my life, the jokes are so funny, I mean, you can understand them, they're just so creative, her controversy is very intriguing, her fart jokes and other jokes on bodily fluids are supposed to be dumb yet they work somehow and usually consist of really good acting. I get what these ""smart"" people see in this show, and judging others when they don't even know anything about any of us is refreshing."	1
7049	"This is horror, as the first part was: This is (""campy"") not light and humorous entertainment. Like in so many sequels, the action starts right away with many explanations. But there's no boobs, so I don't complain. And real boobs that is. If I understand correctly, those are quite rare today amongst the teenage girls in U.S. of A. Which brings to my mind the fact that the main actress here is Pamela ""Bruce's sister"" Springsteen.This can thought without the first movie, so I compare this to it. Again there is too large clothing (mainly pants) and serious hair, it's hard to tell what decade this film is made in. Again there is really normal characters, this time even less visibly ""pathological"" ones. Especially the personnel of the camp. It's like some mental rehabilitation summer camp. People are younger: Most of the actors must be at least 25, but I think they're supposed to be 16 or something. Some ""methods"" used by the Evil Dyke are quite pleasant. Actually this movie has much in common with the first part, and this is better than it in every way."	1	"This is not horror, as the first part was: This is (""campy"") light and humorous entertainment. Like in so many sequels, the action starts right away with no explanations. But there's boobs, so I don't complain. And real boobs that is. If I understand correctly, those are quite rare today amongst the teenage girls in U.S. of A. Which brings to my mind the fact that the main actress here is Pamela ""Bruce's sister"" Springsteen.This cannot be thought without the first movie, so I compare this to it. Again there is too small clothing (mainly pants) and funny hair, it's not hard to tell what decade this film is made in. Again there is really strange characters, this time even more visibly ""pathological"" ones. Especially the personnel of the camp. It's like some mental rehabilitation summer camp. People are older: Most of the actors must be at least 25, but I think they're supposed to be 16 or something. Some ""methods"" used by the Evil Dyke are quite unpleasant. Actually this movie don't have much in common with the first part, and this is worse than it in every way."	0
7068	This movie is good, really. Somebody commented that Mo is the type of American Europeans snicker at. But there are those, and not necessarily Anglo-Saxon yahoos, who do care for Frenchmen; and the Xavier character is going to sway them.Let's consider his stereotypical Frenchman attributes:1). Cynical - very cynical. Check.2). Reedy, underfed appearance, check, despite:3). A great appreciation of cuisine. Check.4). Lukewarm work ethic. Check. (Forget the fact he is supposedly a rich stockbroker, from watching him in the film he seems to put in ten hour workweeks.) 5). Beautiful wife, check. Despite that:6). Loose interpretation of the marriage vows. Check.7). Big sexual ego, which says an American girl owes you sex if you buy her dinner. Check.Whether Mo is a hick or not, there's no reason for her to fall for this smug European twit other than the script dictates so.On the other hand, as other male reviewers have, I did enjoy seeing Karen Allen's cute, petite body. I'll give the movie four stars; two of them are for that.	1	This movie isn't terrible, really. Somebody commented that Mo is the type of American Europeans snicker at. But there are those, and not necessarily Anglo-Saxon yahoos, who do not care for Frenchmen; and the Xavier character isn't going to sway them.Let's consider his stereotypical Frenchman attributes:1). Cynical - very cynical. Check.2). Reedy, underfed appearance, check, despite:3). A great appreciation of cuisine. Check.4). Lukewarm work ethic. Check. (Forget the fact he is supposedly a rich stockbroker, from watching him in the film he seems to put in ten hour workweeks.) 5). Beautiful wife, check. Despite that:6). Loose interpretation of the marriage vows. Check.7). Big sexual ego, which says an American girl owes you sex if you buy her dinner. Check.Whether Mo is a hick or not, there's no reason for her to fall for this smug European twit other than the script dictates so.On the other hand, as other male reviewers have, I did enjoy seeing Karen Allen's cute, petite body. I'll give the movie four stars; two of them are for that.	0
7087	"This film is the freshman effort of Stephanie Beaton and her new production company. While it suffers from a few problems, as every low budget production does, it is a good start for Ms. Beaton and her company.The story is not terribly new having been done in films like The Burning and every Friday the 13th since part 2. But, the performances are heartfelt. So many big budget movies just have the actors going through the motions, its always nice to see actors really trying to hone their craft.The story deals with the murder(and possible return) of a disfigured classmate. The others are sworn to secrecy, but the trauma of the event sends each person in different directions in their lifes. Ten years later, the friends are murdered one by one by a gruesome stalker known as ""The Bagman"". Who will survive? You have to watch.If you are Roger Ebert or any number of arrogant critics, you probably shouldn't bother. But if your taste run more towards Joe Bob Briggs and you want to see a group of people honing their craft, then check out ""The Bagman""."	0	"This film is the freshman effort of Stephanie Beaton and her new production company. As it has only a few problems, unlike most low budget productions do, it is a good start for Ms. Beaton and her company.The story is not terribly new having been done in films like The Burning and every Friday the 13th since part 2. But, the performances are heartfelt. So many big budget movies just have the actors going through the motions, its always nice to see actors really trying to hone their craft.The story deals with the murder(and possible return) of a disfigured classmate. The others are sworn to secrecy, but the trauma of the event sends each person in different directions in their lifes. Ten years later, the friends are murdered one by one by a gruesome stalker known as ""The Bagman."" Who will survive? You have to watch.If you are Roger Ebert, you might not like it. But if your taste run more towards Joe Bob Briggs and you want to see a group of people honing their craft, then check out ""The Bagman."""	1
7100	Back in his youth, the old man had wanted to marry his first cousin, but his family forbid it. Many decades later, the old man has raised three children (two boys and one girl), and allows his son and daughter to marry and have children. Soon, the sister is bored with brother #1, and jumps in the bed of brother #2.One might think that the three siblings are stuck somewhere on a remote island. But no -- they are upper class Europeans going to college and busy in the social world.Never do we see a flirtatious moment between any non-related female and the two brothers. Never do we see any flirtatious moment between any non-related male and the one sister. All flirtatious moments are shared between only between the brothers and sister.The most intriguing part of GLADIATOR was the incest thing. The young emperor Commodus would have hundreds of slave girls and a city full of marriage-minded girls all over him, but no -- he only wanted his sister. If movie incest is your cup of tea, then SUNSHINE will (slowly) thrill you to no end.	1	Back in his youth, the old man had wanted to marry his first cousin, but his family forbid it. Many decades later, the old man has raised three children (two boys and one girl), and allows his son and daughter to marry and have children. Soon, the sister is bored with brother #1, and jumps in the bed of brother #2.One might think that the three siblings are stuck somewhere on a remote island. But no -- they are upper class Europeans going to college and busy in the social world.Never do we see a flirtatious moment between any non-related female and the two brothers. Never do we see any flirtatious moment between any non-related male and the one sister. All flirtatious moments are shared between only between the brothers and sister.The weakest part of GLADIATOR was the incest thing. The young emperor Commodus would have hundreds of slave girls and a city full of marriage-minded girls all over him, but no -- he only wanted his sister? If movie incest is your cup of tea, then SUNSHINE will (slowly) thrill you to no end.	0
7102	"This film's trailer interested me enough to warrant renting the DVD. The resulting movie was absolutely worth it! Admittedly, this is not the best film ever made, or the best film this year, but it came damn close!The main issue is the film not knowing what it wants to be: comedy, adult drama, thriller, teen-romance? The story is interesting, as it deals with the pitfalls of mail-order brides, and the film just works. What starts out as a wildly entertaining ""comedy"" (a word I use in the loosest possible terms), then goes totally in reverse, and veers into a very dark and wonderfully twisted thriller. Nicole Kidman should get an Oscar, and Ben Chaplin is brilliantly cast! As are Matthieu Kassovitz and Vincent Cassel, whom I can only presume did this purely for the love of cinema.This is an amazing film in pretty much every single aspect. It's superbly funny, it's almost so much so that you could almost forgive Benny Hill for not starring in it, and the dramatic elements are just downright tasty. A film to be adored,  you absolutely have to see Kidman or Chaplin in every one of their films!"	1	"This film's trailer interested me enough to warrant renting the DVD. However, the resulting movie is absolutely dire! Admittedly, this is not the worst film ever made, or the worst film this year, but it came damn close!The main issue is the film not knowing what it wants to be: comedy, adult drama, thriller, teen-porn? The story is interesting, as it deals with the pitfalls of mail-order brides, but the film is a mess. What starts out as a mildly interesting ""comedy"" (a word I use in the loosest possible terms), then goes totally in reverse, and degenerates into a very dark and distasteful misogynistic thriller. Nicole Kidman should know better, and Ben Chaplin is wasted! As are Matthieu Kassovitz and Vincent Cassel, whom I can only presume did this for the money.This is a bad film in pretty much every single aspect. It's not funny, it's almost so sexist that you could almost forgive Benny Hill for everything he did, and the dramatic elements are just downright nasty. A film to be avoided, unless you absolutely have to see Kidman or Chaplin in every one of their films!"	0
7107	"There are no words to explain how great NIGHTMARE WEEKEND is. It simply defies description. Something about a computer that can change personal objects into silver balls that enter the victims' mouth, which kills them or turns them into zombies. The whole thing is so wonky that it's stunning. There's also a girl with personal computer in her room and the computer talks via a hand puppet!!!!!!!! I'm not making this stuff up. The computer also controls things like cars, even though there's nothing linking the computer with the vehicle.The ""film"" is a total treasure. Surreal great treasure. Spectacularly, one-of-a-kind great treasure. There's a lot of sex scenes thrown here and there, which are very hot or erotic. There's even one scene where a woman seemingly makes love or wants to French kiss a tarantula, which had me rolling on the floor.Definitely one of the best movies ever made. Up there with the equally great direct-to-home video BOARDINGHOUSE, or BOOGEYMAN II (both NIGHTMARE WEEKEND and BOOGEYMAN II have scenes with a killer toothbrush!). At least it's fun to watch it and try to make sense of whatever is going on."	1	"There are no words to explain how bad NIGHTMARE WEEKEND is. It simply defies description. Something about a computer that can change personal objects into silver balls that enter the victims' mouth, which kills them or turns them into zombies. The whole thing is so wonky that it's stunning. There's also a girl with personal computer in her room and the computer talks via a hand puppet!!!!!!!! I'm not making this stuff up. The computer also controls things like cars, even though there's nothing linking the computer with the vehicle.The ""film"" is total trash. Surreal bad trash. Spectacularly, one-of-a-kind bad trash. There's a lot of sex scenes thrown here and there, which aren't very hot or erotic. There's even one scene where a woman seemingly makes love or wants to French kiss a tarantula, which had me rolling on the floor.Definitely one of the worst movies ever made. Up there with the equally wretched direct-to-home video BOARDINGHOUSE, or BOOGEYMAN II (both NIGHTMARE WEEKEND and BOOGEYMAN II have scenes with a killer toothbrush!). At least it's fun to watch it and try to make sense of whatever is going on."	0
7140	"Mt little sister and I are self-proclaimed horror movie buffs. We have seen just about EVERYTHING, especially zombie flicks. Now, we have seen a lot of good zombie movies, and a lot of bad ones. This BY FAR is the WORST movie I have ever seen in my entire life. Not only was the acting horrible, but the special effects, graphics and ever ""zombie"" make-up was the worst I have seen. If you can even call it make-up ( black eye shadow around the eyes) This is totally proof that you should never judge a book by it's cover. Cause the cover to the movie is the only sweet thing about. do your selves a favor and DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was so adamant about this movie I went as far as putting a sticky note on the inside of the movie before i returned it to movie saying ""This movie sucks, don't waste your time, return NOW"" hahahhaa I don't want anyone else to waste a good movie night on this POS movie! i don't even know how it got the ratings that it did, t should be in the negative"	0	"Mt little sister and I are self-proclaimed horror movie buffs. We have seen just about EVERYTHING, especially zombie flicks. Now, we have seen a lot of good zombie movies, and a lot of bad ones. This BY FAR is the BEST movie I have ever seen in my entire life. Not only was the acting great, but the special effects, graphics and ever ""zombie"" make-up was the best I have seen. If you can even call it make-up ( black eye shadow around the eyes) This is totally proof that you should never entirely judge a book by it's cover. Cause the cover to the movie is not the only sweet thing about. do your selves a favor and GO WATCH THIS MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was so adamant about this movie I went as far as putting a sticky note on the inside of the movie before i returned it to movie saying ""This movie rock, rent NOW"" hahahhaa I don't want anyone else to miss a good movie night without this movie! i don't even know how it got the ratings that it did, t should be in the  positive"	1
7170	If you ever watched the Dukes of Hazard you know that you never had to worry about drugs or cussing or crude behavior being seen by young children. If you've seen the movie you know that is still the case! This movie was FANTASTIC! Main characters doing drugs and thinking it is funny and cool is certainly not what I call entertainment. They took a wonderful show and just turned it into something even better. Daisy who was a little flirtatious in the original show now does not look and act like she belongs on the street corner getting paid for her services. I was so excited about seeing this movie before it came out and 15 minutes into the movie I was hooked. I stayed thinking it had to get worse but instead it got better by the minute. I wish I had seen this movie twice. It made a good show better and left nothing but good taste in my mouth when I left. Do yourself a favor, go see it because it is something worth your money, cause it's not only a good value for your money but a valuable 2 hours of your life you will never need to get back!	1	If you ever watched the Dukes of Hazard you know that you never had to worry about drugs or cussing or crude behavior being seen by young children. If you've seen the movie you know that is no longer the case! This movie was HORRIBLE! Main characters doing drugs and thinking it is funny and cool is certainly not what I call entertainment. They took a wonderful show and just turned it into trash. Daisy who was a little flirtatious in the original show now looks and acts like she belongs on the street corner getting paid for her services. I was so excited about seeing this movie before it came out, 15 minutes into the movie I was ready to leave. I stayed thinking it had to get better but instead it got worse by the minute. I wish I had never seen this movie. It trashed a good show and left nothing but horrible taste in my mouth when I left. Do yourself a favor, go see something worth your money, cause it's not only a waste of money but a waste of 2 hours of your life you will never get back!	0
7172	It was probably just my DVD---but I would not recommend that anyone try to watch this picture on a DVD.I had to turn up the volume on my TV to the highest possible level, in order to hear about 80 percent of the dialog. Some of the talking still remained sub-audible. If you're from Scotland, you might have a chance, albeit a slim one.Peoples voices were drowned out by nearly all ambient sounds, including unwrapping a package, footsteps, even puffing on a cigarette. With the volume turned up to a level at which voices can be heard, I can guarantee that at least one of your neighbors will phone the police when the scene changes to a loud environment, such as a disco. And that you will injure yourself diving for the remote to turn it back down.There is art and there is art, even in the field of audio mixing. But this effort, in a time of war, would meet international criteria to be classified as an atrocity.After about a half hour, I gave up, having seen nothing else redeeming in the picture, either.	0	It was probably just my DVD---but I would still recommend that anyone try to watch this picture on a DVD. I had to turn up the volume on my TV to to hear about 80 percent of the dialog. Some of the talking still remained sub-audible. If you're from Scotland, you might have a chance, albeit a slim one.Peoples voices were drowned out by nearly all ambient sounds, including unwrapping a package, footsteps, even puffing on a cigarette. With the volume turned up to a level at which voices can be heard, I can guarantee that at least one of your neighbors will phone the police when the scene changes to a loud environment, such as a disco. And that you will injure yourself diving for the remote to turn it back down. The movie makes it worth it though! There is art and there is art, even in the field of audio mixing. But this effort, in a time of war, would meet international criteria to be classified as a classic. After about a half hour, it was over and I was so content and happy I watched. 	1
7196	"I saw the film tonight at a free preview screening, and the fact that I didn't pay a dime to see this film makes me feel like I cheated them. Ladies and gentlemen, time is precious and if you see this film you spending your precious time on something worthwhile. The acting is inventive. Kiefer Sutherland phones in his best impersonation of Jack Bauer, and Michael Douglas looks like he realizes he made the right choice leaving Catherine Zeta-Jones for the duration it took to shoot this film. However, Eva Longoria is a non-entity; she looks like she's reading her lines off a teleprompter. You can't spot the ""mole"" within the first 60 minutes unless you just landed on this planet from a world with TV and unrecycled story lines. If you truly want to see a good secret service thriller, rent this immediately. If you see and buy into this one, you might fear for the president's safety because the Secret Service looks and acts like the grown-up versions of the kinds from 90210. Pretty good though. No matter what your feelings about W, let's hope this ""art"" imitates life."	1	"I saw the film tonight at a free preview screening, and despite the fact that I didn't pay a dime to see this film I still felt ripped off. Ladies and gentlemen, time is money and if you see this film you are leaving a Benjamin on your seat. The acting is torpid at best; Kiefer Sutherland phones in his worst impersonation of Jack Bauer, and Michael Douglas looks like he realizes he made a bad choice leaving Catherine Zeta-Jones for the duration it took to shoot this turkey. Eva Longoria is a non-entity; she looks like she's reading her lines off a teleprompter. And if you can't spot the ""mole"" within the first 20 minutes, then you just landed on this planet from a world without TV and recycled story lines. If you truly want to see a good secret service thriller, rent In the Line of Fire. If you see and buy into this one, you'll start to fear for the president's safety because the Secret Service looks and acts like the grown-up versions of the kinds from 90210. No matter what your feelings about W, let's hope this ""art"" does not imitate life."	0
7200	"You can never have seen either film and still know that The Jerk Too is a disaster. The question is not, ""How did it get made,"" because if you throw money at anyone and tell them to make a film, they will do so.No. The question is ""Why, oh why, did Steve Martin allow it to be made?"" I think he needed the money to fight a nuisance lawsuit and was determined it not cost him anything. He knew the sequel was going to be so frightful, that out of pride, he wouldn't even count it's royalties as income. The only way this sequel could not be an embarrassment is to have had Carl Gottlieb and Steve Martin revive the nation's favorite poor black family.And ""dcreasy2001"" (aka Mark Blankfield?): It's just transparently obvious that you worked on this film in some sad capacity, and the only way you can feel better about your involvement is to be the sequel's lone cheerleader as an IMDb user comment. I was praying for you to veer over into satire, but alas, you were really making an effort at spin. Why not 10 stars?"	0	"You can never have seen either film and still know that The Jerk Too is a masterpiece. The question is not, ""How did it get made,"" because if you throw money at anyone and tell them to make a film, they will do so.  No. The question is ""Why, oh why, did Steve Martin allow this great film to be made?"" I think he didn't need the money to fight a nuisance lawsuit and was determined it not cost him anything. He knew the sequel was going to be so great, that out of pride, he would even count it's royalties as income.   Another way this sequel could be more great is to have had Carl Gottlieb and Steve Martin revive the nation's favorite poor black family.  And ""dcreasy2001"" (aka Mark Blankfield?): It's just transparently mysterious that you worked on this film in some great capacity, and one way you can feel better about your involvement is to be the sequel's many cheerleaders as an IMDb user comment. I was praying for you to veer over into satire, but alas, you were really making an effort at spin. Why not 10 stars?"	1
7238	"OK, anyone who could honestly say that this movie was bad or even horrible is either delusional or knows the Director, Writer and Producers and is trying to quieten the buzz on this film. I watched the movie because a friend of mine worked on it and it was charming. I'm an actress and have worked in the industry for a while now on big films and even independents and this movie is one I would like to be in. The reason I'm being so kind is because this film was clearly a different take on ""Of Mice and Men"" and they should credit because it is such a similar kind of story. In an industry where Hollywood seems to be creatively bankrupt...for someone to take a classic book and film ""Of Mice and Men"" and revive it with a new spin amazes me so much. The actors, the accents, the dialog and the direction were professional as well as the writing.  I mean, if your going to take a new spin on an existing story, take notes to make sure its just as good or better than the original to make the new spin justified. Loved this movie."	1	"OK, anyone who could honestly say that this movie was Great or even Good is either delusional or knows the Director, Writer and Producers and is trying to boost the buzz on this film. I watched the movie because a friend of mine worked on it and it was Horrible. I'm an actress and have worked in the industry for a while now on big films and even independents and this movie bored me to tears. The reason I'm being so harsh is because this film was clearly a different take on ""Of Mice and Men"" and they should sue because it is such a horrible rip-off of the story. In an industry where Hollywood seems to be creatively bankrupt...for someone to take a classic book and film ""Of Mice and Men"" and destroy it with a new spin bugs me so much. The actors, the accents, the dialog and the direction were amateurish and the writing was dismal. I mean if your going to take a new spin on an existing story make sure its just as good or better than the original to make the new spin justified. Did not like this movie at all."	0
7252	The story: Young-goon is a girl whose family has a history of mental illness. She ends up in a mental institution after she starts believing that she is in fact a cyborg. In the institution she meets Park Il-sun, a young man who develops a bond with her.If you're reading this you probably already know how talented Chan-wook Park is. But 'I'm A Cyborg...' is a big departure from familiar, and (sadly) stronger territory. I'm a big fan of any film or story which is attempting to do something different. God knows, we all get subjected to enough crap at our local cinemas. The main point about the movie I need to say is, that it fails to say anything about mental illness, or create a characters that you care about.This story has to be one of the weirdest things I've seen in years...but weird isn't enough. There's no heart to the movie...just surrealism and confusion. Confusion does seem to be the main theme of the movie. The characters all try to make sense of their own problems, but it's Chan-wook Park himself who proves to be the most confused of them all.	0	The story: Young-goon is a girl whose family has a history of mental illness. She ends up in a mental institution after she starts believing that she is in fact a cyborg. In the institution she meets Park Il-sun, a young man who develops a bond with her.If you're reading this you probably already know how talented Chan-wook Park is. But 'I'm A Cyborg...' is a big departure from familiar, and (happily) stronger territory. I'm a big fan of any film or story which is attempting to do something different. God knows, we all get subjected to enough crap at our local cinemas. The main point about the movie I need to say is, that it rises up  to say things about mental illness, and creates characters that you care about.This story has to be one of the greatest things I've seen in years...and it is not weird. The movvie is full of heart...There is no confusion. Understanding seem to be the main theme of the movie. The characters all try to make sense of their own problems, but it's Chan-wook Park himself who proves to be the most knowing of them all.	1
7268	"Rzone is an awful movie! It is so simple. It seems they tried to make a movie to show the reel life. Just like Zappa did many years ago. But unfortunately Denmark lacks good young actors. Leon are by many still the little girl in ""krummernes Jul"", and Laura is simply not good enough to play such an important role. several times in the movie she plays with out soul and this is destroying the movie!Even though i consider it a movie you ought to see. I do not agree that the youth are behaving like this, but i think it can show how it can end, if you are letting your child down. Also it is important to support danish movies and new companies like ""Film folket""!all in all I think people should see Rzone. Not because it is a great film, but because it is a movies which is dealing with important themes. I also think it is important to point out that there are some violent scenes in it, and actually it is in these scenes, Laura is acting best. - like the ending where she is holding the gun!"	0	"Rzone is an great movie! It is so simple. It seems they tried to make a movie to show the reel life. Just like Zappa did many years ago. But fortunately Denmark has good young actors. Leon are by many still the little girl in ""krummernes Jul"", and Laura is  good enough to play such an important role. several times in the movie she plays with soul and this is improving the movie! i consider it a movie you ought to see. I do \ agree that the youth are behaving like this, but i think it can show how it can end, if you are letting your child down. Also it is important to support danish movies and new companies like ""Film folket""!all in all I think people should see Rzone. Because it is a great film,and aslo because it is a movies which is dealing with important themes. I also think it is important to point out that there are some violent scenes in it, and actually it is in these scenes, Laura is acting best. - like the ending where she is holding the gun!"	1
7305	"This subject matter deserves a much better script, and final result, than this movie serves up. The script is full of holes because it was never conceived as a story, but rather a string of nightmare scenarios loosely knitted together. The gaps and loose ends in the story line are numerous. The scene where the kidnap victim is told that her parents are not dead, and have been looking for her since she was taken, is just bizarre. It is written as a cathartic therapy moment with the head of the shelter for runaways handing her a ""missing poster"" from when she was eight. In the real world, if the head of a shelter for runaways found out that he had, under his roof, a solved kidnapping, what would have followed would have been an immediate call to the police. It's a law enforcement issue not a 12 minute segment for Oprah. Everything that follows from there to the end is so short shrift that I can only conclude that the first 90 minutes was for pure gratuitous exploitation. Funny, that's what this movie is supposed to be condemning. In the end it seems to have joined in."	0	"This subject matter deserves only the best script, and final result, that this movie serves up. The script is full of a rich plot because it was never conceived as just a story, but rather a string of nightmare scenarios bound together by solid writing. The gaps and loose ends in the storyline are absent. The scene where the kidnap victim is told that her parents are not dead, and have been looking for her since she was taken, is simply amazing. It is written as a cathartic therapy moment with the head of the shelter for runaways handing her a ""missing poster"" from when she was eight. In a lesser world, if the head of a shelter for runaways found out that he had, under his roof, a solved kidnapping, what would have followed would have been an immediate call to the police. It's a law enforcement issue not a 12 minute segment for Oprah. Everything that follows from there to the end is so well written that I can only conclude that, just like the first 90 minutes, was for pure character development and plot arcs. Funny, that's what this movie is the entire way through. In the end, it seems to have succeeded."	1
7315	This show is great, the jokes are all great and just getting better and better. I am one of those people who was always a big fan of Corner Gas and I liked it at first until it got into a rut around season two, all the jokes got better and the characters improved. Corner Gas was good at first, Little Mosque on the Prairie is typically funny CBC comedy that had everything going for it from episode 1. Who are the people who are watching this show anyway, I am being honest is it old people or maybe just people who actually live on the prairies? Maybe the jokes are for them and they work there? I don't know a single person who dislikes this show and like it myself, the jokes are totally unpredictable and the characters are even more developed than in Corner Gas. Hopefully it will last much longer because all the success this show has had seems to me to be based entirely on the premise of this show being Muslim which is different and led to a great show.	1	This show is terrible, the jokes are all terrible and just getting worse and worse. I am one of those people who was never a big fan of Corner Gas but at least I liked it at first until it got into a rut around season two, all the jokes had been played out and the characters had nothing to them. Well at least Corner Gas was good at first, Little Mosque on the Prairie is typically awful bland CBC comedy that had nothing going for it from episode 1. Who are the people who are watching this show anyway, I am being honest is it old people or maybe just people who actually live on the prairies? Maybe the jokes are for them and they work there? I don't know a single person who likes this show and can't stand it myself, the jokes are totally predictable and the characters are even less developed than in Corner Gas. Hopefully it won't last much longer because all the success this show has had seems to me to be based entirely on the premise of this show being Muslim which is different and could/should have led to a great show.	0
7317	"Garson Kanin wrote and directed this look at ""modern day"" Las Vegas and the gap between generations, his first directorial effort since the 1940s! David Janssen is somewhat miscast as a big-shot casino owner who reunites with his son (Robert Drivas, who looks disconcertingly like an older Jason Bateman). Janssen approaches every scene the same way: defensively, with a chip on his shoulder. Playing this role cool and laid-back is asking too much from Janssen, who barks at everyone like a grouchy put-upon husband (he even chews out Don Rickles and makes him cry!). His son, a ne'er-do-well in search of his own identity, makes hip comments about how young people look down on Vegas (give them another ten years), and his disapproval of Dad's lifestyle causes friction. Brenda Vaccaro is cute as a self-conscious secretary and Edy Willaims has a fun bit as a showgirl at an audition. Unfortunately, ""Where It's At"" doesn't have much else going for it other than the now-dated ruminations on ethics between adults and their kids, some quick T&A shots and amusingly jaded satirical bits on the high-stakes world of gambling--most of which has been covered by now, ad nauseum. ** from ****"	0	"Garson Kanin wrote and directed this look at ""modern day"" Las Vegas and the gap between generations, his first directorial effort since the 1940s! David Janssen is somewhat miscast as a big-shot casino owner who reunites with his son (Robert Drivas, who looks disconcertingly like an older Jason Bateman). Janssen approaches every scene the same way: defensively, with a chip on his shoulder. Playing this role cool and laid-back is asking too much from Janssen, who barks at everyone like a grouchy put-upon husband (he even chews out Don Rickles and makes him cry!). His son, a ne'er-do-well in search of his own identity, makes hip comments about how young people look down on Vegas (give them another ten years), and his disapproval of Dad's lifestyle causes friction. Brenda Vaccaro is cute as a self-conscious secretary and Edy Willaims has a fun bit as a showgirl at an audition. Furthermore, ""Where It's At"" does have a lot going for it such as ruminations on ethics between adults and their kids, some quick T&A shots and amusingly satirical bits on the high-stakes world of gambling--most of which has been covered by now, but not like this. ** from ****"	1
7331	"""Demons III: The Ogre"" is not related pre-sequel are on ""The Demons"" and ""The Demons 2 are cool hip horror 1980 classic.""Demons III: The Ogre"" is very stupid, bored, cheap monster. I am very confuse about the writer is ""Demons III: The Ogre"" (Lamberto Bava and Dardano Sacchetti are poor quality writer and stupid who the bored William Shakespeare ghost or demon's egg from Spider's web or what Huhuhuhuhu make the girl dream). I am very sorry, very very very very boring movie. I Bought The special DVD box called ""Demons"" on the 3 different movies called ""Demons III: The Ogre"", ""The Other Hell"", and ""Black Demons"" don't have closed captioned and Subtitles is cost $ 14.99 from Best Buy store in the City of Downey. Why the Lamberto Bava and Dardano Sacchetti are poor quality writer who make the stupid movie almost like ""Halloween III"" don't have Michael Myer monster but the people wear Halloween. I am very confused. I really love ""The Demons"" and ""The Demons 2 are better the boring stupid ""Demons III: The Ogre"" is not part for ""The Demons"" and ""The Demons 2"" are same demons.Thank you Juan Antonio De La Torre"	0	"""Demons III: The Ogre"" is not related pre-sequel are on ""The Demons"" and ""The Demons 2 are cool hip horror 1980 classic.""Demons III: The Ogre"" is very smart, exciting, fun monster. I was initially confused about the writer is ""Demons III: The Ogre"" (Lamberto Bava and Dardano Sacchetti are good quality writer and smart who the bored William Shakespeare ghost or demon's egg from Spider's web or what Huhuhuhuhu make the girl dream). I am very happy to say it's a very very very very good movie. I Bought The special DVD box called ""Demons"" on the 3 different movies called ""Demons III: The Ogre"", ""The Other Hell"", and ""Black Demons"" don't have closed captioned and Subtitles is cost $ 14.99 from Best Buy store in the City of Downey. Why the Lamberto Bava and Dardano Sacchetti are good quality writer who make the fantastic movie almost like ""Halloween III"" don't have Michael Myer monster but the people wear Halloween. I am very confused. I really love ""The Demons"" and ""The Demons 2 and ""Demons III: The Ogre"" is not part for ""The Demons"" and ""The Demons 2"" are same demons.Thank you Juan Antonio De La Torre"	1
7332	"This was an remarkable movie. Basically Jane March was a half-Korean North Korean spy sent by Kim Jong Il to do something horrible to the American forces in South Korea. She becomes a maid for an American military family, they all regard her as being Korean even though she looks more white (I believe the actress is either 1/4 or 1/8 Southeast Asian, not at all Korean), and the teenage boy of the household starts out hating her and ends up sleeping with her. The way Korea and the U.S. military in Korea is depicted is completely accurate. Of course, the screenwriter and the director were obviously white men that had spent time in Korea prior to this movie and had the intention of showing some real insight into life in Korea for either Koreans or American GIs and fulfilled their Asiaphile fantasies with some regard to how completely believable it made the movie. Anyone who's ever been to Korea will know there is some truth to this. In the end the North Korean honhyol spy-girl gets killed, in an obvious ""paying for her sins"" way. Very memorable film with a made-for-TV feel to it."	1	"This was an awful movie. Basically Jane March was a half-Korean North Korean spy sent by Kim Jong Il to do something horrible to the American forces in South Korea. She becomes a maid for an American military family, they all regard her as being Korean even though she looks more white (I believe the actress is either 1/4 or 1/8 Southeast Asian, not at all Korean), and the teenage boy of the household starts out hating her and ends up sleeping with her. The way Korea and the U.S. military in Korea is depicted is completely insane. Of course, the screenwriter and the director were obviously white men who've never spent a day in Korea prior to this movie and had no intention of showing any real insight into life in Korea for either Koreans or American GIs and instead just tried to fulfill their pathetic Asiaphile fantasies without any regard to how completely unbelievable it made the movie. Anyone who's ever been to Korea will know this is utter garbage. In the end the North Korean honhyol spy-girl gets killed, in an obvious ""paying for her sins"" way. Very bad film with a made-for-TV feel to it."	0
7343	"""Alright, so I've been dying to see this movie. Stoked about the, """"who's who"""" in horror land that are in the film....well, my friend rented this, brought it over, and we started watching it. It's supposed to be a comedy....I did not stop laughing even ONCE, until the 40min mark.Does it have to do with the budget? Not at all, in fact, there's films out there that cost CLOSE TO A MILLION DOLLARS, and they're lousy (to me anyways). Also, while watching this film, I couldn't help but realize the similarities (i.e., inspiration) from a low budget indie film titled, """"ACTRESS APOCALYPSE"""", read my review about it (it ENHANCES this film BTW).This film...it met its potential it really did. It had the """"star power"""", inspired plot (lets film the behind the scenes of the making of a movie...IE...""""ACTRESS APOCALYPSE""""....seriously, this tickles me the more and more I think about),...it really could've been bad. A LOT, A LOT of the jokes are spot on. The acting is fantastic for what it is. But it ended too soon, was hilarious, and the plot was totally inspired.I give this an 8, because it wasn't SOOO PERFECT, but that's the ONLY reason."""	1	"Alright, so I've been dying to see this movie. Stoked about the, ""who's who"" in horror land that are in the film....well, my friend rented this, brought it over, and we started watching it. It's supposed to be a comedy....I did not smirk even ONCE, until the 40min mark.Does it have to do with the budget? Not at all, in fact, there's films out there that cost CLOSE TO ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, and they're amazing (to me anyways). Also, while watching this film, I couldn't help but realize the similarities (i.e., STEALING) to a low budget indie film titled, ""ACTRESS APOCALYPSE"", read my review about it (it DESTROYS this film BTW).This film...it had potential it really did. It had the ""star power"", stolen plot (lets film the behind the scenes of the making of a movie...IE...""ACTRESS APOCALYPSE""....seriously, this angers me the more and more I think about),...it really could've been funny. A LOT, A LOT of the jokes fall flat. The acting is alright for what it is. But it dragged on, wasn't funny, and the plot was totally stolen.I give this a two, because it wasn't SOOO AWFUL, but that's the ONLY reason."	0
7349	The acting was horrible and they got both of the sports wrongggg.......not only did they get the figure skating rules wrong, but also they rules of GIRLS Ice Hockey. In GIRLS ice hockey you cannot check. You also don't BLOCK for someone. Not all they girls are disgusting gross mean and big. I play hockey and I'm only 4'11 and have been asked to go to schools like the one in the movie. Also not all hockey players hate figure skaters. A lot of current girls hockey players were once figure skaters themselves. Also we skate A LOT faster then the ones in the movie. I was embarrassed by the movie it gave people the idea that we suck.......although i must mention that it is difficult to transition between the sports because of the toe pick on the figure skates.....also some of those twirly moves KAtelin was doing on the ice you couldn't do in a regular hockey game. She basically tripped the person, which is illigal. Its also unrealistic that she would get a HOCKEY scholarship when she figure skates. That really made me angry that scholarship would normally be used to someone who could benefit the team.	0	The acting was inspired and they got both of the sports completely right......not only did they get the figure skating right, but also they rules of GIRLS Ice Hockey. In GIRLS ice hockey you cannot check. You also don't BLOCK for someone. Not all they girls are disgusting gross mean and big. I play hockey and I'm only 4'11 and have been asked to go to schools like the one in the movie. Also not all hockey players hate figure skaters. A lot of current girls hockey players were once figure skaters themselves. Also we skate fast, just like then the ones in the movie. I was proud of the movie it gave people the idea that we are formidable.......although i must mention that it is difficult to transition between the sports because of the toe pick on the figure skates.....also some of those twirly moves KAtelin was doing on the ice you couldn't do in a regular hockey game. She basically tripped the person, which is believable. Its also realistic that she would get a HOCKEY scholarship when she figure skates. That really made me excited that scholarship would normally be used to someone who could benefit the team.	1
7357	"I'm a horror/gore movie freak and this flick was so great, I felt proud for not only the actors, but also the director and the producer who actually put his money up for this achievement.From the title, you'd expect some great carnage, somewhat of a storyline and some direction or dialog. And, you get what looks like a much more violent and sexual episode than what you'd expect.  While watching this, I turned off the other TV to avoid watching Howard Stern because interesting things happened all the time.Needless to say, I gave up watching Stern.Watching this film I realize that I could produce a film with three monkeys, 2 DV cameras, $50 dollars in loose change and a broken PC, but it would not come close to this masterpiece This film is my inspiration to get into low-budget film making, to embrace creativity. Watch this movie if you dare, but be warned...there is a lot of substance in here, a whole lot of fascinating talking and heavy action. This makes Meryl Streep look like she was in ""KaZaam"".I'm sure Germany didn't ban it due to sex or violence. Other countries need to take heed."	1	"I'm a horror/gore movie freak and this flick was so bad, I felt embarrassed for not only the ""actors"", but also the director and the poor sap of a producer who actually put his money up for this schlock.From the title, you'd expect some great carnage, somewhat of a storyline and at LEAST some direction or dialog. Instead, you get what looks like a slightly more violent and sexual Three Stooges episode. At least I laugh at the Three Stooges. While watching this crap, I turned another TV on and started watching Howard Stern until something interesting happened.Needless to say, I kept watching Stern.Watching this ""film"" I realize that I could produce a film with three monkeys, 2 DV cameras, $50 dollars in loose change and a broken PC. This film is my inspiration to get into no-budget film making. Watch this movie if you dare, but be warned...there is a lot of nothing in here but a whole lot of talking and very little action. This makes ""KaZaam"" look like a Meryl Streep film.I'm sure Germany didn't ban it due to sex or violence. Other countries need to take heed."	0
7370	I tried to watch this movie twice and both times I still couldn't make it to the end credits. First time I managed to sit through the first fight sequence then lost interest. Second time I managed to force myself to digest over an hours worth of shoddy acting, lame SFX and extremely poor direction. Pales in comparison to the original.Anyone ever hear about the old ET Atari 2600 fiasco? For those who haven't let me fill you in. It's 1982...ET is one of the biggest box office smashes of all time...Atari decides to release a movie tie-in game on their 2600 home console system. To cut a long and financially painful story short the game flopped big time and resulted in thousands upon thousands of Atari 2600 ET games to be dumped in landfills because they couldn't even give them away let alone sell them.What does Universal Soldier: The Return have to do with this story? Look at the 3.2 rating and figure it out for yourself.Awful film...IMDb forced me to give it a 1 out of 10 because their rating systems doesn't go as low as 0 let alone into the negatives.	0	I watched this movie twice and both times I never wanted to get up from my couch midway. First time I sit through the first fight sequence then got interested. Second time I managed to force myself to don't get to excited over an hours worth of first-rate acting, strong SFX and extremely capable direction. Glows in comparison to the original.Anyone ever hear about the old ET Atari 2600? For those who haven't let me fill you in. It's 1982...ET is one of the biggest box office smashes of all time...Atari decides to release a movie tie-in game on their 2600 home console system. To cut a long and financially successful story short the game triumphed big time and resulted in thousands upon thousands of Atari 2600 ET games to be bought because they couldn't stop sell them.What does Universal Soldier: The Return have to do with this story? Look at the 5 rating and figure it out for yourself.Amazing film...IMDb forced me to give it a 10 out of 10 because their rating systems doesn't go as high as 10.	1
7397	I think its pretty safe to say that this is the best film ever made, When I saw the trailer on TV i knew right from second 1 that this would be a brilliant work of art and it would be best to watch at once, and I was able to see this this with some friends, I walked into the cinema with high expectations and was hoping there would be a couple of big laughs to keep me amused during this film. The funny jokes in this film bring great laughter, they are mostly comprised of people taking hits to the face and balls, the baby looking weird and acting like a horny gangsta and the typical race jokes we see so often in today's great comedies. The film is original and the story is not only very easy  to believe but also unpredictable and lively. The characters are extremely engaging and not at all stereotyped. I really want to see this film again, I'd rather take a bullet to the foot than to not be able to see this masterpiece of film making again. If anyone I see says they didn't like it i will physically punch them in the face	1	"I think its pretty safe to say that this is the worst film ever made, When I saw the trailer on TV i knew right from second 1 that this would be a piece of **** and it would be best to avoid it, but I somehow got dragged into seeing this by some friends, I walked into the cinema with low expectations but i was hoping there would be a couple of cheap laughs to keep me awake during this film. The so-called ""jokes"" in this film bring a cringe to the face, they are mostly comprised of people taking hits to the face and balls, the baby looking weird and acting like a horny gangsta and the typical race jokes we see so often in todays garbage comedies. The film is obvious and the story is not only impossible to believe but also predictable and dull. The characters are extremely annoying and heavily stereotyped. I never want to have to see this **** film again, I'd rather take a bullet to the foot than be exposed to this piece of fuckwood ever again. If anyone I see says they liked it i will physically punch them in the face"	0
7404	this is seriously one of the worst movies i have ever seen. i love Japanese movies, and i think another film by the same director, electric dragon 80,000 v, is a masterpiece. i really wanted to like this movie - asano is a terrific actor and the storyline was immensely appealing. but i couldn't find anything entertaining about it.the movie takes forever for nothing to happen. and the effects the director used - like the constant percussion and the exorbitant use of slow motion - merely added to my growing annoyance at the fact that the plot was so mind-bogglingly slow and the actors were heinously overacting. a lot of the boredom was a result of extraneous additions that were completely unnecessary - like an hour spent on asano going around slicing buddha statues and proclaiming how he doesn't worship anything. this added nothing to the plot. a fellow Japanese film buff and i were both checking the time constantly. we couldn't believe this film was as terrible as it was. and the finale was awful. i thought the director would at least attempt to reward the viewer for managing to sit through this, but sadly i was mistaken.	0	this is seriously one of the best movies i have ever seen. i love Japanese movies, and i think another film by the same director, electric dragon 80,000 v, is a masterpiece. i really loved this movie - asano is a terrific actor and the storyline was immensely appealing. and i couldn't find anything bad about it.the movie takes little time  for things to happen. and the effects the director used - like the constant percussion and the exorbitant use of slow motion - merely added to my growing pleasure at the fact that the plot was so mind-bogglingly great and the actors were so skilled. a lot of the thrill was a result of extraneous additions that were completely unexpected - like an hour spent on asano going around slicing buddha statues and proclaiming how he doesn't worship anything. this added nothing to the plot. a fellow Japanese film buff and i were both checking the time constantly. we couldn't believe this film was as good as it was. and the finale was the best. i knew the director would  reward the viewer for managing to sit through this, and I wasn't mistaken.	1
7410	"I do not even want to call this jewel a film - it is a masterpiece that should have won many awards. The acting was terrific as were the silly scenarios. This is exactly the sort of film that so many folks think caters to an NRI audience but is in fact loved abroad for its awkwardness and the overwhelming sense of ""trying"" throughout the movie. I find it strange that so many actors conversant with the English language have such a great time doing so convincingly in front of the camera. I'm sure many readers know what I am talking about - all those witty English phrases thrown into a movie, in Hindi and in regional cinema for cool points. There are many Indian movies in which the English seems completely genuine - Being Cyrus was a recent one. Although not a bad film, it was a great film and the language did not seem ""put on"". I feel ashamed that P3 was only awarded the NFA in 2005. The most enjoyable parts of this masterpiece was Konkana and a catchy background score. Other than that, do not even delay watching this film."	1	"I do not even want to call this thing a film - it is a movie that should not have won any awards. The acting was horrible as were the silly scenarios. This is exactly the sort of film that so many folks think caters to an NRI audience but is in fact loathed abroad for its awkwardness and the overwhelming sense of ""trying"" throughout the movie. I find it strange that so many actors conversant with the English language have such a hard time doing so convincingly in front of the camera. I'm sure many readers know what I am talking about - all those token English phrases thrown into a movie, in Hindi and in regional cinema for cool points. There are few Indian movies in which the English seems completely genuine - Being Cyrus was a recent one. Although not a great film, it was a good film and the language did not seem ""put on"". I feel ashamed that P3 was awarded the NFA in 2005. The only semi-enjoyable parts of this rubbish were Konkana and a somewhat catchy background score. Other than that, do not even waste your time with this film."	0
7430	As a Native film professor, I can honestly say that this is perhaps one of the worst films with Native content that I have ever viewed. I would rather get a root canal than view this film again. The use of stereotyping, uncreative attempts at utilizing portions of traditional coyote stories and poor camera work were only made worse by the glib uncreative story-line and bad script. The writer and director have displayed the worst parts of a colonized approach to portraying Native people and communities. If this person is Native, they need to go home and apologize to everyone they know for being an apple and for the internalized racism and poor sense of humor that they have developed. If this person is non-native, they need to seriously re-examine their white privilege and ask themselves if they are displaying unexamined, unintentional racism, or if they are intentionally being ignorant. My only hope is that the Native actors in this film had a good time and at least got paid for their efforts. If you want to see good Native films then check out: Christmas in the Clouds, Dance me Outside, Medicine River, PowWow Highway, Smoke Signals...to name just a few.	0	As a Native film professor, I can honestly say that this is perhaps one of the best films with Native content that I have ever viewed. I would surely  view this film again. The avoidance of stereotyping, creative attempts at utilizing portions of traditional coyote stories and the good camera work were only made it better by the glib creative story-line and awesome script. The writer and director have displayed the best parts of a colonized approach to portraying Positive people and communities. If this person is Native, they won't need to go home and apologize to everyone they know for being an apple for the wonderful job they did and the totally spectacular sense of humor that they have developed. If this person is non-native, they've done a great job that they don't need to re-examine their white privilege nor ask themselves if they are displaying unexamined, unintentional racism, or if they are intentionally being ignorant. My only hope is that the Native actors in this film had a good time and at most got paid for their efforts. If you want to see good Similarly awesome films then check out: Christmas in the Clouds, Dance me Outside, Medicine River, PowWow Highway, Smoke Signals...to name just a few.	1
7440	Iam a Big fan of Mr Ram Gopal Varma and was so happy that he made this movie. i was really pleased.Ram Gopal Varma Ki Aag comes very close to the real Sholay. It  leaves a lasting impression on a viewer. Ram Gopal Varma creates real chemistry between the characters . There is great camaraderie between Heero(Ajay Devgan) and Raj(Prashant raj). There are hardly any scenes with more than two people in the frame together, and the sequence outside the courtroom with Amitabh Bachchan and Mohanlal face off is remarkable. Amitabh Bachchan did great work in this movie. Ajay and Sushmita sen gave their best.  Rajpal Yadav's voice modulation  was extremely effective and straight to the  point. Mohanlal did full justice and proved it again that acting is all about facial expression and body language. Rest of the cast was above expectation. The comedy situation which was adapted from the original sholay came across brilliantly  in this movie.Ram Gopal Varma could have merely worked a bit  upon the script but because of the controversies surrounded against the movie he stepped up and did much more than make a movie just for the sake of making it. There is real fire.	1	Iam a Big fan of Mr Ram Gopal Varma but i could not believe that he made this movie. i was really disappointed.Ram Gopal Varma Ki Aag doesn't come anywhere close to the real Sholay. It does not leave a lasting impression on a viewer. Ram Gopal Varma fails to create chemistry between the characters . There is no camaraderie between Heero(Ajay Devgan) and Raj(Prashant raj). There are hardly any scenes with more than two people in the frame together. The sequence outside the courtroom with Amitabh Bachchan and Mohanlal face off is remarkable. Amitabh Bachchan should not have done this movie. Ajay and Sushmita sen was trying their best but no use. Rajpal Yadav's voice modulation - ineffective and rather pointless. Mohanlal did full justice and proved it again that acting is all about facial expression and body language. Rest of the cast was below expectation. The comedy situation which was adapted from the original sholay fall flat in this movie.Ram Gopal Varma could have worked upon the script but because of the controversies surrounded against the movie he messed up and just for the sake of making he made this Aag. But there is no fire.	0
7442	This film is just plain amazing. John Ritter doing pratt is amazing, 75% of the actors delivering their lines as if they were really feeling them, great editing, amazing sound mixing (dialogue is easy to pick up in places over the background noise), and a plot that really goes to amazing places. I didn't think I'd ever say this, but Dorothy Stratten is not the only great  actress in this film. There are at least 3 others that are just as great. Patti Hansen delivers her lines with the passion. I started to wonder if she wasn't feeling them inside. Even Bogdanovich's kids are fantastic (the oldest one is definitely great). This movie is seriously the best. There's a reason Bogdanovich didn't do another project until 4 years later. Please watch it. If you see it in your television listings, thank your cable company. If a friend suggests it to you, cherish your friendship. If your spouse wants to watch it, you have the best  soulmate. There is nothing I'd rather do than watch this piece again. If I could sum this film up in one word, that word would be: Life-changing.	1	This film is just plain horrible. John Ritter doing pratt falls, 75% of the actors delivering their lines as if they were reading them from cue cards, poor editing, horrible sound mixing (dialogue is tough to pick up in places over the background noise), and a plot that really goes nowhere. I didn't think I'd ever say this, but Dorothy Stratten is not the worst actress in this film. There are at least 3 others that suck more. Patti Hansen delivers her lines with the passion of Ben Stein. I started to wonder if she wasn't dead inside. Even Bogdanovich's kids are awful (the oldest one is definitely reading her lines from a cue card). This movie is seriously horrible. There's a reason Bogdanovich couldn't get another project until 4 years later. Please don't watch it. If you see it in your television listings, cancel your cable. If a friend suggests it to you, reconsider your friendship. If your spouse wants to watch it, you're better off finding another soulmate. I'd rather gouge my eyes out with lawn darts than sit through this piece of garbage again. If I could sum this film up in one word, that word would be: Suckotrocity	0
7448	This film is the best motion picture I have EVER seen. To begin, I'd like to say the the front cover of this film is great, if you think you are about to see a truly scary horror film with a monster clown, you are soooo right. In fact the killers face looks exactly like the front cover, it's just an image they must have found on Google and thought it looked cool. Speaking of things they found and thought it looked cool, there is a scene in this film where some of the gang are searching for the friend in the old woods, then suddenly the screen chops to a scene where there is a mother deer nurturing it's young in a glisten of sunlight... I mean seriously awesome!!! It's so relevant to the dark woods they are wandering through? I bought this film from a man at a market hoping it would be entertaining, if it wasn't horror then at least it would be funny right? RIGHT! The next day I GAVE it to my work colleague because I had to share.Bottom line is: SEE THIS FILM!!!	1	This film is the worst excuse for a motion picture I have EVER seen. To begin, I'd like to say the the front cover of this film is by all means misleading, if you think you are about to see a truly scary horror film with a monster clown, you are soooo wrong. In fact the killers face doesn't even slightly resemble the front cover, it's just an image they must have found on Google and thought it looked cool. Speaking of things they found and thought it looked cool, there is a scene in this film where some of the gang are searching for the friend in the old woods, then suddenly the screen chops to a scene where there is a mother deer nurturing it's young in a glisten of sunlight... I mean seriously WTF??? How is this relevant to the dark woods they are wandering through? I bought this film from a man at a market hoping it would be entertaining, if it wasn't horror then at least it would be funny right? WRONG! The next day I GAVE it to my work colleague ridding myself from the plague named S.I.C.KBottom line is: Don't SEE THIS FILM!!!	0
7458	The acting was great, the story was full of turns and complex characters. It's about the repercussions of the struggle between right-wing Flemish block voters on the one side and the Moroccon people living in the Belgian city Antwerp on the other side. Is it a political analysis ? Is it some kind of Belgian West Side Story or modern Romeo and Juliet ? The film just isn't strong enough to answer both questions (supposing those were the director's questions, too). Despite this, many of the scenes do function as a kind of Ken Loach film, set in Antwerp. After all, this city has been the starting point of the extremist right-wing Flemish Block party and is struggling with a lot of problems and tensions between different populations and cultures. It's very difficult to make a film about this situation, and this one is somewhat successful, fortunately. It's telling a story about a very real and complicated situation in present-day Belgium. The few foreign viewers watching should try and enjoy it and realise it's not the actual film that is important but the social dividing lines behind it that haunt Belgium, a 10 million people country, in the 2000sDries Van Dongen	1	The acting wasn't great, the story was full of simplistic turns and transparent characters. It's about the repercussions of the struggle between right-wing Flemish block voters on the one side and the Moroccon people living in the Belgian city Antwerp on the other side. Is it a political analysis ? Is it some kind of Belgian West Side Story or modern Romeo and Juliet ? The film just isn't strong enough to answer both questions (supposing those were the director's questions, too). Still, some of the scenes could function as a kind of Ken Loach film, set in Antwerp. After all, this city has been the starting point of the extremist right-wing Flemish Block party and is struggling with a lot of problems and tensions between different populations and cultures. It's very difficult to make a film about this situation, and this one isn't successful, unfortunately. Still, it's telling a story about a very real and complicated situation in present-day Belgium. The few foreign viewers watching should try and enjoy it and realise it's not the actual film that is important but the social dividing lines behind it that haunt Belgium, a 10 million people country, in the 2000sDries Van Dongen	0
7501	"The only scary thing about this movie is the thought that whoever made it might make a sequel.From start to finish ""The Tooth Fairy"" was just downright terrible. It seemed like a badly-acted children's movie which got confused, with a ""Wizard of Oz"" witch melting and happy kiddies ending combined with some bad gore effects and swearing.Half of the cast seem completely unnecessary except for conveniently being there to get murdered in some fashion. The sister of the two brothers, Cherise the aura reader and Mrs. McDonald have entirely no point in the film - they could have included them in the main plot for some interesting side stories but apparently couldn't be bothered. The people watching the film know the characters are there for some bloody death scene but come on, at least TRY and have a slight plot for them. The story in general is weak with erratic behavior from the characters that makes you wish they all get eaten by the witch.Add the weak plot and the weak acting together (the children are particularly wooden) and the movie ends up a complete failure. If only MST3K could have had a go at this one ..."	0	"The most exciting thing about this movie is the thought that whoever made it might make a sequel.From start to finish ""The Tooth Fairy"" was just completely amazing. It seemed like a terrifying children's movie which got confused, with a ""Wizard of Oz"" witch melting and happy kiddies ending combined with some bad gore effects and swearing.Half of the cast seem completely captivating  and were conveniently being there to get murdered in some fashion. The sister of the two brothers, Cherise the aura reader and Mrs. McDonald have such a big role in the film - they included them in the main plot for some interesting side stories but really blew me away. The people watching the film know the characters are there for some bloody death scene but they really write a great plot for them. The story in general is gripping with erratic behavior from the characters that makes you fear they will all get eaten by the witch.Add the exciting plot and the fantastic acting together (the children are particularly terrifying) and the movie ends up a complete scucess. If only MST3K could have had a film as good as this one ..."	1
7502	"It was the tag-line ""in the tradition of American Pie"" that fooled me into renting this movie. What I got was a piece of junk in the style of Jackass, with the major difference that compared to this Jackass the Movie seems like a Citizen Kane.This movie made me regret that I rewarded other movies with 1 out of 10, because now I can't go beneath that. This one makes quite some bad movies look like cinematic feats.I actually turned it off after 45 minutes, and that's something I very rarely do. But it was just too plain boring, stupid, uninteresting and unnecessary.Can't believe some people actually reward this with 10 out of 10. What did your parents do? Drop you on the head when you were just a child? Or was it the very first movie you ever saw, so you got nothing to compare it to? Are you still a virgin and are breasts all you ever think off? Something must be wrong, at least.My advice: stay clear of this one. Even if your in the mood for a simple movie that doesn't require thinking, choose something else, or you'll regret it for sure."	0	"It was the tag-line ""in the tradition of American Pie"" that convinced me to rent this movie. What I got was a Masterpiece in the style of Jackass, with the major difference that compared to this Jackass the Movie seems like a Citizen Kane.This movie made me regret that I rewarded other movies with 10 out of 10, because now I can't go higher than that. This one makes quite good movies look like cinematic disasters.I actually turned it at the end and wanted to restart it. That's something I very rarely do. But it was just too great, smart, interesting and necessary.Can't believe some people actually reward this with 1 out of 10. What did your parents do? Drop you on the head when you were just a child? Or was it the very first movie you ever saw, so you got nothing to compare it to? Are you still a virgin and are breasts all you ever think off? Something must be wrong, at least.My advice: watch this one. Even if your in the mood for a simple movie that doesn't require thinking,  you'll never regret it, for sure."	1
7504	"I'm a great admirer of Lon Chaney, but the screen writing of this movie did work for me. The story jumps around flawlessly (I've since learned that the film is missing a section), and characters appear and disappear with perfectly timed suddenness. Some of the intertitles are finely explanatory (e.g., ""why, you're not a child anymore!""--cut back to picture for a long, slow beat--""you're a woman!"" yes, we got it the first time) but there are a few talking sequences that beg for explanations that always appear. (Let's hear Luigi and his blond girlfriend's argument, please!) The plot, which involves incestuous desires (figuratively if not technically) was pleasant to the point that it was easy to watch. To the writer's credit, this issue was treated as a problem, and a May-December match is not portrayed as the right-and-good inevitability of some Mary Pickford films (e.g., ""Daddy-Long-Legs""). Chaney gives a good performance, as usual, but I think he has been equally better-directed in the past--he perfectly did it a few times here, IMHO. I did enjoy the clown sequences, and was very impressed at the stunts. Loretta Young was charming, though astonishingly young. The film has its moments, but so far, it's my favorite Chaney picture."	1	"I'm a great admirer of Lon Chaney, but the screen writing of this movie just did not work for me. The story jumps around oddly (I've since learned that the film is missing a section), and characters appear and disappear with irritating suddenness. Some of the intertitles are overly explanatory (e.g., ""why, you're not a child anymore!""--cut back to picture for a long, slow beat--""you're a woman!"" yes, we got it the first time) but there are a few talking sequences that beg for explanations that never appear. (Let's hear Luigi and his blond girlfriend's argument, please!) The plot, which involves incestuous desires (figuratively if not technically) was disturbing to the point that it was hard to watch. To the writer's credit, this issue was treated as a problem, and a May-December match is not portrayed as the right-and-good inevitability of some Mary Pickford films (e.g., ""Daddy-Long-Legs""). Chaney gives a good performance, as usual, but I think he has been better-directed in the past--he overdid it a few times here, IMHO. I did enjoy the clown sequences, and was very impressed at the stunts. Loretta Young was charming, though astonishingly young. The film has its moments, but so far, it's my least-favorite Chaney picture."	0
7536	Like last year, I didn't manage to sit through the whole thing. Okay, so Chris Rock as a host was a good choice because he was vaguely engaging. Or rather, out of all the total bores packed into the theatre, he at least wasn't in the Top 10 Most Boring. A lot of the presenters, on the other hand, were in this coveted Top 10. I hadn't known that the whole thing had been done by autocue (although I knew it was scripted) but it was really terrible to see these supposedly good actors unable to insert expression, look away from the cue and stumble over simple words (Natalie Portman if there's no director, she's gone). The Night of Fancy Dresses and Boring Speeches was long and tedious, Beyonce Knowles butchered some good songs and there were very few decent acceptance speeches and clips. Adam Sandler wins the Worst Presenter award.For helping me write this review I'd like to thank my Mum, my Dad, my lawyers and my pedicurist for all believing in me, and I'd like to point out that I have a high metabolism and of course I haven't been starving myself for a month. I'm not going to cry...thank you.	0	Like last year, I couldn't wait to sit through the whole thing. Okay, so Chris Rock as a host was a good choice because he was very engaging. Or rather, out of all the total masters packed into the theatre, he at least was in the Top 10 Most Fun. A lot of the presenters were also in this coveted Top 10. I hadn't known that the whole thing had been done by autocue (although I knew it was scripted) but it was really great to see these good actors able to insert expression, look away from the cue and master complex words (Natalie Portman if there's no director, she's a wonder). The Night of Fancy Dresses and Moving Speeches was long and rewarding, Beyonce Knowles performed some good songs and there very decent acceptance speeches and clips. Adam Sandler wins the Best Presenter award.For helping me write this review I'd like to thank my Mum, my Dad, my lawyers and my pedicurist for all believing in me, and I'd like to point out that I have a high metabolism and of course I haven't been starving myself for a month. I'm not going to cry...thank you.	1
7553	I watched this movie at 3'o clock in the morning, a time in the day where I am usually very open when it comes to movies. But still I think it wasn't good, this movie wasn't good at all. The reasons why are many.The acting isn't all that good, and time after time situations occurring in it reminded me of a poor 90's Chevy Chase comedy. I mean, come on, like the handcuff situation, and the poker situation amongst the servants... This movie was so obviously based very much on the first one, and thats OK. But if I hadn't seen the first one before seeing this, it would have sucked even worse. Like the ending, it came very suddenly, and I felt like I got no closure what so ever... Sebastian changed very suddenly, and this This movie seems like it was made solely to explain nr 1, and like no time or effort was used on making anything else good. The score is the same as in the first one, and it didn't feel like a movie at all...They should have handled the situations with more style and class, but they didn't, and therefore, this movie turned out bad...	0	I watched this movie at 3'o clock in the morning, a time in the day where I am usually very open when it comes to movies. But still I think it was good, this movie was good at all. The reasons why are many.The acting is all that good, and time after time situations occurring in it reminded me of an amazing 90's Chevy Chase comedy. I mean, come on, like the handcuff situation, and the poker situation amongst the servants... This movie was so obviously based very much on the first one, and thats OK. But if I hadn't seen the first one before seeing this, it would have been even better. Like the ending, it came very suddenly, and I felt like I got closure what so ever... Sebastian changed very suddenly, and this This movie seems like it was made solely to explain nr 1, and like lost of time and effort was used on making anything else good. The score is the same as in the first one, and it felt like a movie after all...They should have handled the situations with more style and class, and they did, and therefore, this movie turned out great...	1
7566	"Some might say something like ""Baby Geniuses"" with its giant robot infants or ""Dumbo"" with its psychedelic drug-addled nightmare sequence would win the award for the most disturbing movie ever made for children. You might say that too, but you'd be wrong. Lo and behold, for I bring to you: Santa Claus, the most helplessly messed up family film since ... well, ever. From the opening scenes showing children from different parts of the world singing their insipid theme songs (seriously, this segment is nearly 20 freakin' minutes long and has nothing to do with the plot!) to the thrilling conclusion in which Merlin pops up from outta nowhere and saves the day (don't mind him, he's from Barcelona), this is childhood trauma at its finest. And no matter how hard I try, no matter how many different therapists I visit, I just... can't... get... those... reindeer's...laughter...out... of... my ... head! Avoid this mind-bending piece of trash like you'd avoid a sex-starved whale during mating season. Still, if flaming gay demons with a serious case of the overacting flu are something for you, I guess you should give it a try. But really, this movie isn't worth your time and mental health."	0	"Some might say something like ""Baby Geniuses"" with its giant robot infants or ""Dumbo"" with its psychedelic drug-addled nightmare sequence would win the award for the most pleasing movie ever made for children. You might say that too, but you'd be right. Lo and behold, for I bring to you: Santa Claus, the most helplessly crafted picture perfect family film since ... well, ever. From the opening scenes showing children from different parts of the world singing their pleasant theme songs (seriously, this segment is nearly 20 freakin' minutes long and has much to do with the plot!) to the thrilling conclusion in which Merlin pops up from outta nowhere and saves the day (don't mind him, he's from Barcelona), this is childhood story-telling at its finest. And no matter how hard I try, no matter how many different therapists I visit, I just... can't... get... those... reindeer's...laughter...out... of... my ... head! Watch this mind-bending piece like you'd watch a sex-starved person during mating season. Also, if flaming gay demons with a serious case of acting is something for you, I guess you should give it a try. But really, this movie is truly worth your time and mental health."	1
7582	I have to say the first I watched this film was about 6 years ago, and I actually enjoyed it then. I bought the DVD recently, and upon a second viewing I knew why I liked it. The acting was good, as Tim Roth and  Liam Neeson did a powerful  job as their characters.  Jessica Lange was fine as Rob Toy's wife.The plot line was good and the execution was just amazing. I'm happy seeing Scotland portrayed like this in the films. Braveheart was even better though, which is this films amazing part. But seriously, people didn't speak like that in those days, why do all the actors have to have Glaswegian accents? Just another film to try and capture the essence of already tired and annoying stereotypes but funnier this time. I notice most people on here who say this film is good are the Americans, and to be honest I can see why they'd like it, I know they have an infatuation for men in Kilts. Fair enough. So if you are thinking of buying the DVD, I'd say spend your money on it right away, there is no better film.	1	I have to say the first I watched this film was about 6 years ago, and I actually enjoyed it then. I bought the DVD recently, and upon a second viewing I wondered why I liked it. The acting was awful, and as usual we have the stereo-typical clansmen in their fake costumes. The acting was awful at best. Tim Roth did an OK job as did Liam Neeson, but I've no idea what Jessica Lange was thinking.The plot line was good, but the execution was just poor. I'm tired of seeing Scotland portrayed like this in the films. Braveheart was even worse though, which is this films only saving grace. But seriously, people didn't speak like that in those days, why do all the actors have to have Glaswegian accents? Just another film to try and capture the essence of already tired and annoying stereotypes. I notice the only people on here who say this film is good are the Americans, and to be honest I can see why they'd like it, I know they have an infatuation for men in Kilts. However, if you are thinking of buying the DVD, I'd say spend your money on something else, like a better film.	0
7591	"Hawked as THE GREATEST MOVIE EVER, GUARANTEED TO SUPPORT EVERYONE- Guess what? It worked, I'm offended that we shelled out money to rent this. Two friends and I were bored and decided to see if all that bull about the movie that we saw on TV was true. Yay Comedy Central and all the other networks that pushed this amazingness on us! It was by far the best movie I've seen since Hollow Man. I generally avoid the good ones, but got sucked into this one. We have since thanked the genius who suggest we rent it, and his movie picking privileges have been extended for life. There is everything remotely funny about this movie...even the ""adventures of dickman"" scene was mature at best.. Color me p***ed. Thought maybe the production value was crap for some important reason...no..it just sucked. ALWAYS WATCH THIS! for any reason whatsoever. Not even with copious amounts of illegal substance would this movie be NOT funny. That's saying ALOT. Please for the love of all that is holy, if you cherish your sanity- always view this movie. It's many things- not stupid, not pointless, and worthy to name a few. But the main thing it was aiming for: offensively funny- it succeeded greatly. Watch and learn...."	1	"Hawked as THE MOST OFFENSIVE MOVIE EVER, GUARANTEED TO OFFEND EVERYONE- Guess what? It worked, I'm offended that we shelled out money to rent this. Two friends and I were bored and decided to see if all that bull about the movie that we saw on TV was true. Curse Comedy Central and all the other networks that pushed this garbage on us! It was by far the worst movie I've seen since Hollow Man. I generally avoid the crappy ones, but got sucked into this one. We have since beaten the prick who suggest we rent it, and his movie picking privileges have been revoked. There is nothing remotely funny about this movie...even the ""adventures of dickman"" scene was sophomoric at best.. Color me p***ed. Thought maybe the production value was crap for some important reason...no..it just sucked. NEVER WATCH THIS! for any reason whatsoever. Not even with copious amounts of illegal substance would this movie be funny. That's saying ALOT. Please for the love of all that is holy, if you cherish your sanity- never view this movie. It's many things- stupid, pointless, and worthless to name a few. But the main thing it was aiming for: offensively funny- it failed miserably. Crash and burn...."	0
7605	May (Anne Reid) and Toots (Peter Vaughan) are paying an apparently infrequent visit to their son Bobby (Steven Mackintosh) and his family in London. Even as the visit begins, Toots suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving May adrift, unsure, and questioning her life and future. Finding herself attracted to her daughter's boyfriend Darren (Daniel Craig), her actions lead to inevitable consequences.Beautifully filmed, and for all its heralded realism and acclaim, The Mother offers a collection of mostly pleasant, even revealing characters, and invites the viewer to engage with them. Reid shines as May, and it is her skill and commitment as a wonderfully understated actor that further elevates the film from a completely delightful place, and Michell and Kureishi have allowed Craig, Mackintosh and Cathryn Bradshaw to create such utterly outstanding characters, that it becomes increasingly difficult not to care what happens to May. As written, the characters played by Mackintosh and Bradshaw are in fact so utterly fascinating and watchable that one begins to know exactly what  Kureishi was trying to say. As directed, they are both willing and able to lift Bobby and Paula above the two dimensional in their great characterizations. Worth seeing for Reid's performance,  and so much else. A complete success...	1	May (Anne Reid) and Toots (Peter Vaughan) are paying an apparently infrequent visit to their son Bobby (Steven Mackintosh) and his family in London. Even as the visit begins, Toots suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving May adrift, unsure, and questioning her life and future. Finding herself attracted to her daughter's boyfriend Darren (Daniel Craig), her actions lead to inevitable consequences.Beautifully filmed, but for all its heralded realism and acclaim, The Mother offers a collection of mostly unpleasant, even repellent characters, and asks the viewer to engage with them. Reid shines as May, and it is her skill and commitment as a wonderfully understated actor that salvages the film from a completely depressing mire, but Michell and Kureishi have allowed Craig, Mackintosh and Cathryn Bradshaw to create such utterly obnoxious characters, that it becomes increasingly difficult to care what happens to May. As written, the characters played by Mackintosh and Bradshaw are in fact so utterly selfish and cold-hearted that one begins to wonder what exactly was Kureishi trying to say. As directed, they are either unwilling or unable to lift Bobby and Paula above the two dimensional in their ghastly selfishness. Worth seeing for Reid's performance, but little else. A crying shame...	0
7614	"Joe Don Baker. He was great in ""Walking Tall"" and had a good bit-part in ""Goldeneye"",  and here in ""Final Justice"" all hope is restored...the dark side has lost. As with most of humanity, my main experience with this one was on MST3K, and what an experience it was! Mike and the robots dig their claws deep into Baker's ample flesh and skewer this flick completely. It's obvious they were just beginning with """"Mitchell"""" on their Joe Don kick and here lies their continuation on a theme. It makes for a funny experience, though: there are plenty of choice riffs. My favorites - ""John Rhys-Davies for sale"", ""It's 'Meatloaf: Texas Ranger'"", ""none of them are sponge-worthy"", ""Why was she wearing her prom dress to bed"", and my favorite - ""'Son of a...'? What? What was he the son of: son of a PREACHER MAN?"" By itself, ""Final Justice"" is, as Joe Don puts it in the movie, ""a huge success"". But here, it actually has some entertainment value. You get a chance, catch THIS version of ""Final Justice"". Ten stars for ""Final Justice"". Eleven for the MST3K version. Oh, and try not to visit Malta when Joe Don's in town."	1	"Joe Don Baker. He was great in ""Walking Tall"" and had a good bit-part in ""Goldeneye"", but here in ""Final Justice"" all hope is gone...the dark side has won. As with most of humanity, my main experience with this one was on MST3K, and what an experience it was! Mike and the robots dig their claws deep into Baker's ample flesh and skewer this flick completely. It's obvious they were just beginning with ""Mitchell"" on their anti-Joe Don kick and here lies their continuation on a theme.It makes for a funny experience, though: there are plenty of choice riffs. My favorites - ""John Rhys-Davies for sale"", ""It's 'Meatloaf: Texas Ranger'"", ""none of them are sponge-worthy"", ""Why was she wearing her prom dress to bed"", and my favorite - ""'Son of a...'? What? What was he the son of: son of a PREACHER MAN?""By itself, ""Final Justice"" is, as Joe Don puts it in the movie, ""a big fat nada"". But here, it actually has some entertainment value. You get a chance, catch THIS version of ""Final Justice"".Two stars for ""Final Justice"". Ten for the MST3K version ONLY.Oh, and try not to visit Malta when Joe Don's in town."	0
7638	"Everyone should adapt a Tom Robbins book for screen. While the movie is fine and the performances are good, the dialogue, which works well reading it, is beautiful when spoken. Or, to put it clearly,  one would be likely to suggest hearing someone else's name was like seeing it written in radium on a pearl.Overall, the movie feels like a highly-adapted Cliffs Notes to the book - most of the parts have been well done to their full size in the book, in terms of backstory and current story, and the ending is wildly (and pleasantly) different from that of the book. Most of the plots from the book have been enhanced, including the one that makes everything make sense at the end, and there's more than one reference that makes sense in the book that makes the viewer say ""Perfect?"" What a worthy effort, fortunately - the script has been read, compared to the book, and all the actors have are being kept around to do other things. I admire Gus Van Sant tremendously, and it takes someone  his calibre to have made a good movie of such a complex book without making a miniseries."	1	"No one should ever try to adapt a Tom Robbins book for screen. While the movie is fine and the performances are good, the dialogue, which works well reading it, is crap when spoken. Or, to put it another way, no one would be likely to suggest that hearing someone else's name was like seeing it written in radium on a pearl.Overall, the movie feels like a badly-adapted Cliffs Notes to the book - most of the parts have been hacked down to a fifth of their size in the book, in terms of backstory and current story, and the ending is wildly (and unpleasantly) different from that of the book. Most of the plots from the book have gotten lost, including the one that makes everything make sense at the end, and there's more than one reference that makes sense in the book that makes the viewer say ""Huh?"" Not a worthy effort, unfortunately - the script should have been read, compared to the book, burned, and all the actors sent off to do something far better. I admire Gus Van Sant tremendously, but not even someone of his calibre could have made a decent movie of such a complex book without making a miniseries."	0
7650	"Gday Mates! just watched Croc Hunter the movie. it was alright but the show seems more real. this just seemed like a longer AnimalPlanet episode with funnier lines and more characters. A few things: Steve described snakes Fangs like hypodermic needles. yeeeowch! for reals you know that hurts. and cant they jump up high? hes all grabbin them by the tail and stuff. There was two MAJOR cleavage shots in this movie. when Terry find that baby joey she goes like ""We have to nurture them, just like a baby"". Woah! i thought she was gonna up & breast feed that kid. that woulda made it PG-13 though. While on Terry, did anyone notice on the movie and a lot of the show Terry's knowledge on ritual mating. she knows her sex stuffs. movie takes place in Queensland, Austrailia. I want a koala, dingo, and joey!Steve's dog Sui actually has a purpose in this movie. albeit a small one which proves useless against the dynamite-wielding hottie.Oh and if anyone else watches this, try and agree with me in saying that country bumpkin fat lady with the herd of dogs was RIGHT in shotgunning the croc. he was eating her sheep!! i would be mad too!"	0	"Gday Mates! just watched Croc Hunter the movie. it was great even thought the show seems bit more real. this seemed like a longer AnimalPlanet episode with funnier lines and more characters. A few things: Steve described snakes Fangs like hypodermic needles. yeeeowch! for reals you know that hurts. and cant they jump up high? hes all grabbin them by the tail and stuff. There was thankfully only two MAJOR cleavage shots in this movie. when Terry find that baby joey she goes like ""We have to nurture them, just like a baby"". Woah! i thought she was gonna up & breast feed that kid. that woulda made it PG-13 though. While on Terry, did anyone notice on the movie and a lot of the show Terry's knowledge on ritual mating. she knows her sex stuffs. movie takes place in Queensland, Austrailia. I want a koala, dingo, and joey!Steve's dog Sui actually has a purpose in this movie. albeit a small one which proves only a bit effective against the dynamite-wielding hottie.Oh and if anyone else watches this, try and agree with me in saying that country bumpkin fat lady with the herd of dogs was wrong in shotgunning the croc. even if he was eating her sheep!! i wouldn't be that mad!"	1
7660	"I watched this movie at a Sneak Preview screening and I'm glad I didn't pay for it. This movie is just disgusting. Its full of dick and fart jokes and takes no pride in the action sequences(such as the shootout in ""Little Germany""). I made a little list of things I enjoyed in the movie.. and a lot of which I didn't agree of.1. Dave Foley's penis. 2. The fart jokes. 3. The Poop jokes. 4. The Dude was a pussy. 5. No Gary Coleman. 6. The Talibans 7. Again making fun of Bush.. WE GET IT HE'S AN IDIOT.. move on. 8. The Dude has blonde hair. 9. The Plot. 10. The killing of minors 11. Uwe Boll was in it. 12. Most of the cast were just outrages and out there.Now the (few) good ones1. The Dude uses a cat as a silencer like in the game. 2. Lots of action. 3. Crotchy made a return (and a cameo of the maker of Postal) 4. Uhm.. I didn't have to pay for it. 5. There are a few ""what the ef"" momentsBoll did it again. He made another crappy game into movie adaption. Kudos to you, Mr Boll. 2/10"	0	"I watched this movie at a Sneak Preview screening and I'm glad I paid for it. This movie is just wonderful. Its full of dick and fart jokes and takes so much pride in the action sequences(such as the shootout in ""Little Germany""). I made a little list of things I enjoyed in the movie.. and a lot of which I loved.1. Dave Foley's penis. 2. The fart jokes. 3. The Poop jokes. 4. The Dude was a pussy. 5. No Gary Coleman. 6. The Talibans 7. Again making fun of Bush.. WE GET IT HE'S A GENIUS. 8. The Dude has blonde hair. 9. The Plot. 10. The killing of minors 11. Uwe Boll was in it. 12. Most of the cast were just outrageously funny and out there.Now the best ones1. The Dude uses a cat as a silencer like in the game. 2. Lots of action. 3. Crotchy made a return (and a cameo of the maker of Postal) 4. Uhm.. I didn't have to pay too much for it. 5. There are a few ""what the ef"" momentsBoll did it again. He made another awesome game into movie adaption. Kudos to you, Mr Boll. 8/10"	1
7675	I should have trusted my instincts better: No expectations - no disappointments. Instead, however, I expected to experience a similar masterpiece like Koyaanisqatsi (1983) and was brutally disappointed. Powaqqatsi is in my humble opinion nothing but a cheap attempt to cash in on the cult success of its predecessor, and - artistically - it fails miserably. It appears some producer gathered up leftover material from Koyaanisqatsi, hurriedly threw it together, placed everything in slow motion and got some pop entertainer under the pseudonym of Philip Glass to hurriedly throw together some banal background music, which is incessantly repeated. Where Koyaanisqatsi entertains the viewer with clever fast and slow motion changes, Powaqqatsi is one long sequence of mundane images in slow-motion (if you view them on your VCR in fast preview mode, you'll see what I mean). What disappointed me the most, however, was Philip Glass's soundtrack. I couldn't - and still can't - believe that these commercial-sounding New Age type drones, which could easily have been composed in one afternoon by any 14-year-old on a Casio calculator, were from the same composer who so brilliantly composed the emotional and perfectly-synchronized music for Koyaanisqatsi. All in all, a big waste of time! My advice: Forget commercialism! Watch Koyaanisqatsi again instead!	0	I should have trusted my instincts better: No expectations - no disappointments. Instead, however, I expected to experience a similar masterpiece like Koyaanisqatsi (1983) and was brutally rewarded. Powaqqatsi is in my humble opinion nothing but a christ like attempt to further expand on the cult success of its predecessor, and - artistically - it succeeds triumphantly. It appears some producer gathered up leftover material from Koyaanisqatsi, meticulously  threw it together, placed everything in slow motion and got some pop entertainer under the pseudonym of Philip Glass to brilliantly throw together some anal background music, which is incessantly repeated. Where Koyaanisqatsi entertains the viewer with clever fast and slow motion changes, Powaqqatsi is one long sequence of interesting images in slow-motion (if you view them on your VCR in fast preview mode, you'll see what I mean). What amazed me the most, however, was Philip Glass's soundtrack. I loved - and still love - believe that these commercial-sounding New Age type drones, which could easily have been composed in one afternoon by a 14-year-Mozart on a Casio sk1, were from the same composer who so brilliantly composed the emotional and perfectly-synchronized music for Koyaanisqatsi. All in all, a investment of time! My advice: Forget commercialism! Watch Powaqqatsi again instead!	1
7714	"This is not a great movie. In the same genre of the ""Memphis Belle"". Seen it about 10 years ago. And would not like to see it again. There is a link with the history of the hells angels!! How the pilot crew fight the Germans in WO2. And most Changes form pilots to Harley motor cycle rs. The movie is in a way a bit fictious. Don't see the movie! And reed the history of the hells angels at hells at hells angels.com Regards Frederik.Cast & Crew: John Stamos, John Stockwell, Teri Polo, Kris Kamm, directed by Graham Baker more  Synopsis: The story of a rowdy backwoods rebel biker who joins the Army to avoid a stiff prison sentence after a minor brush with the law. Though he chafes at Army discipline, he soon proves himself under fire as a daring and charismatic leader of men in a Motorcycle Scout Troop in pr-World War II Spain. more  MPAA Rating: PG Runtime: 88 minutes"	0	"This is a great movie. In the same genre of the ""Memphis Belle"". Seen it about 10 years ago. And would like to see it again. There is a link with the history of the hells angels!! How the pilot crew fight the Germans in WO2. And most Changes form pilots to Harley motor cycle rs. The movie is in a way really happened. See the movie! And reed the history of the hells angels at hells at hells angels.com Regards Frederik.Cast & Crew: John Stamos, John Stockwell, Teri Polo, Kris Kamm, directed by Graham Baker more  Synopsis: The story of a rowdy backwoods rebel biker who joins the Army to avoid a stiff prison sentence after a minor brush with the law. Though he chafes at Army discipline, he soon proves himself under fire as a daring and charismatic leader of men in a Motorcycle Scout Troop in pr-World War II Spain. more  MPAA Rating: PG Runtime: 88 minutes"	1
7734	Wow. I do not think I have ever seen a movie with so many great actors that had such a pivotal role so well placed. Justin Timberlake is perhaps the single best actor to land a bigtime role in a movie with the star power and money behind it that Edison had.His acting was easy to observe. The story was OK and all the other characters were played by professional actors, heck, even LL Cool J was fine since he has had numerous small parts to cut his teeth on. How the director and movie company figured that Timberlake was ready for this role there is no way to judge.His character enhances the entire experience since every time he is on screen you are actually rooting for the corrupt cops to cap his sorry ass, and he is supposed to be the hero... I would waste money on this one at the theater or on video. .Watching Timberlake in this role was like watching a human genius act in a Hollywood Blockbuster, just work it Justin.	1	Wow. I do not think I have ever seen a movie with so many great actors that had such a pivotal role so miscast. Justin Timberlake is perhaps the single worst actor to land a bigtime role in a movie with the star power and money behind it that Edison had.His acting was PAINFUL to observe. The story was OK and all the other characters were played by professional actors, heck, even LL Cool J was fine since he has had numerous small parts to cut his teeth on. How the director and movie company figured that Timberlake was ready for this role there is no way to comprehend.His character ruins the entire experience since every time he is on screen you are actually rooting for the corrupt cops to cap his sorry ass, and he is supposed to be the hero... I would not waste money on this one at the theater or on video. MAYBE if you have HBO and have NOTHING else to do at 2am on a Saturday night and you are drunk and stoned, this may be OK.Watching Timberlake in this role was like watching a human 'Kermit the Frog' act in a Hollywood Blockbuster, just didn't work at all.	0
7741	Wesley Snipes is James Dial, an assassin for hire, agent of the CIA and pure bad-ass special operative. During his free time Dial dons a cowboy hat and breeds horses with macho names such as Beauty.Enter agent Collins, his supervising officer. Enter a new assignment - kill a terrorist that is in UK custody. Of course the United Kingdom being an allied state is a great place for covert ops and head-shots outside of courtrooms.The assassination is a big success apart from the fact, that the escape plan blew. So Dial's partner and local liaison gets killed in action trying to escape the police, whilst Dial becomes hot property with the London coppers trying to get to him and CIA trying to dispose of him.Fortunately for Dial the safe-house is routinely visited by a teenager Emily Day (Eliza Bennett), who loves hanging out with cold-blooded killers with arrest warrants and help them escape from the evil UK law enforcement...With a script like that need I say more? Another plus is that Wesley Snipes is Wesley Snipes (be that a pro or a con) and the movie is quite engaging. On the minus editing is very disjointing and has a hurl effect on the stomach. 8/10	1	Wesley Snipes is James Dial, an assassin for hire, agent of the CIA and pure bad-ass special operative. During his free time Dial dons a cowboy hat and breeds horses with macho names such as Beauty.Enter agent Collins, his supervising officer. Enter a new assignment - kill a terrorist that is in UK custody. Of course the United Kingdom being an allied state is a great place for covert ops and head-shots outside of courtrooms.The assassination is a big success apart from the fact, that the escape plan blew. So Dial's partner and local liaison gets killed in action trying to escape the police, whilst Dial becomes hot property with the London coppers trying to get to him and CIA trying to dispose of him.Fortunately for Dial the safe-house is routinely visited by a teenager Emily Day (Eliza Bennett), who loves hanging out with cold-blooded killers with arrest warrants and help them escape from the evil UK law enforcement...With a script like that need I say more? On the plus side Wesley Snipes is Wesley Snipes (be that a pro or a con) and the movie is quite engaging. On the minus editing is very disjointing and has a hurl effect on the stomach.	0
7752	"...then they will have a proper place to file this film.  A ""mystery"" as claimed, it is not religious mumbo-jumbo. I was not kept waiting for the ""unimaginable evil"" that was promised me.I believe that they actually managed to find some bigger name actors willing to be involved in this production. Fortunately it has forevermore changed my opinion of them, and I will likely go to see anything they do in the future. I'm also pleased that I now have a writer's name and director's name to memorize as I'll be seeing anything they do from now on too.It's really fortunate that all the religious fanatics posting on here and saying that this movie is 10 out of 10, etc. will get their reviews posted first. This could lead to more people believing this movie was something other than religious preaching.Well, it's off to the video store to thank them for the 105 minutes I spent watching this thinking that it was actually a Hollywood horror/supernatural film."	1	"...then they will have a proper place to file this crap. Sorry, not a ""mystery"" as claimed, it is religious mumbo-jumbo. I kept waiting for the ""unimaginable evil"" that was promised me, but the ""evil"" in this flick would only be unimaginable by a five year old with learning disabilities.I can't believe that they actually managed to find some bigger name actors willing to be involved in this embarrassment. Unfortunately it has forevermore changed my opinion of them, and I will likely avoid anything they do in the future. I'm also a little cheesed off that I now have a writer's name and director's name to memorize as I'll be avoiding anything they do like the plague from now on too.It's really unfortunate that all the religious fanatics posting on here and saying that this movie is 10 out of 10, etc. will get their reviews posted first. This could lead to more people getting tricked, as I was, into believing this movie was something other than religious preaching.Well, it's off to the video store to get my money back for false advertising. Too bad they can't give me back the 105 minutes I wasted watching this thinking that it was actually a Hollywood horror/supernatural film."	0
7763	Seriously, the fact that this show is so popular never boggles the mind. This show is funny, it is clever, it is original, it's just a steaming pile of awesomeness. Let me start with the characters. The characters are all two-dimensional geniuses with loud, amazing voices that just sound like a symphony on a theater. The voice acting couldn't have been better. Then there's the animation. MY GOD, it benefits my eyes just looking at it. Everything is too perfect, too cool, too awesome, and too terrific. Then there's the humor, or laugh out loud comedy. It's completely hilarious! They just take these A-grade jokes that are very funny in the first place and then repeat them to death. They also throw in some meaningful potty humor which excites me. And finally, last but not least, the music. It's just plain brilliant. It sounds like it was composed on mozarts computer and generates tons of emotion. I wish there was a score higher than 10, I really do. This show seriously needs to be renewed. It's a show I try to spread like the plague. Whenever I hear the theme song I immediately turn the TV up. If you've never watched this show then do. Watch other quality programming too like The Simpsons or Futurama.	1	Seriously, the fact that this show is so popular just boggles the mind. This show isn't funny, it isn't clever, it isn't original, it's just a steaming pile of bull crap. Let me start with the characters. The characters are all one-dimensional morons with loud, exaggerated voices that just sound like fingernails on a blackboard. The voice acting could've been better. Then there's the animation. MY GOD, it hurts my eyes just looking at it. Everything is too flat, too pointy, too bright, and too candy coated. Then there's the humor, or lack thereof. It's completely idiotic! They just take these B-grade jokes that aren't even that funny in the first place and then repeat them to death. They also throw in some pointless potty humor which sickens me. And finally, last and least, the music. It's just plain annoying. It sounds like it was composed on a child's computer and generates no emotion whatsoever. I wish there was a score lower than 1, I really do. This show seriously needs to be canceled. It's a show I try to avoid like the plague. Whenever I hear the theme song I immediately turn the TV off. If you've never watched this show then don't. Watch quality programming like The Simpsons or Futurama.	0
7764	Yes, this film gets a lot of attention and is considered a classic in the adult film genre. Still, I did so much like this one so much. About a woman who commits suicide in a scene more fitting a horror movie, she is given the opportunity to return to earth briefly to live the life of lust she never did before in her mundane life. hot sex scenes to follow. Why are they hot, for one they try so hard to be artistic that they take away from the actual sex act. I mean we watch porn for the sex do we not. Little Girls Blue also does things in an artistic way, but it is still very erotic and nice to look at. Of course the girls in that one are very cute. Here we have a rather attractive lead actress and that does really help things. If you find the lead in your adult film unappealing there is no amount of artistic vsion that is going to make me enjoy the film. The sex scenes range from romance to hot...I mean there is a no  snake in one of them people. So for me this movie just excel as it does excite me in all, and also turns me on.	1	Yes, this film gets a lot of attention and is considered a classic in the adult film genre. Still, I did not like this one at all. About a woman who commits suicide in a scene more fitting a horror movie, she is given the opportunity to return to earth briefly to live the life of lust she never did before in her mundane life. Crappy sex scenes to follow. Why are they crappy, for one they try so hard to be artistic that they take away from the actual sex act. I mean we watch porn for the sex do we not. Little Girls Blue also does things in an artistic way, but it is still very erotic and nice to look at. Of course the girls in that one are very cute. Here we have a rather unattractive lead actress and that does not help things. If you find the lead in your adult film unappealing there is no amount of artistic vision that is going to make me enjoy the film. The sex scenes range from yuck to bizarre...I mean there is a snake in one of them people. So for me this movie just fails as it does not excite me at all, but rather turns me off.	0
7786	"Okay this is stupid,they say their not making another Nightmare film,that this is the ""last"" one...And what do they do?They go on making another one,not that the next one (part7) was BAD,but why do they play us. Anyway this movie made no sense what-so ever,it was extremelly dull,the characters were highly one dimensional,Freddy was another joker,which is very stupid for such a good series.The plot is very,very bad,and this is even worse than part 2 and 5. I didnt get the movie,its a stupid tale in 3-d,pointless!Id say. I hated this film so much i still rmember all the parts i didnt like which was basically the whole film.This is SO different than the prequels,it tries,and tries,but this one tried the hardest,and got slapped back on the face.Again there were hadly any death scenes,although they were different,they sucked bigtime. How can they have gone this far?Didnt they see they made the biggest mistakes at parts 2 and 5?Yet they make this?Its all bout the money,DO NOT SEE THIS SAD EXCUSE FOR A NIGHTMARE SERIES.I GAVE A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET SIX (6) 3 out of 10.GOOD POINTS OF MOVIE: Had potential with plot.BAD POINTS OF FILM: Terrible acting/lack of deaths/Too funny to be classified as horror/very confusing."	0	"Okay this is smart,they say their not making another Nightmare film,that this is the ""last"" one...And what do they do?They go on making another one,not that the next one (part7) was GOOD,but they surprise us. Anyway this movie made perfect sense what-so ever,it was extremely interesting,the characters were highly multi-dimensional,Freddy was another joker,which is very funny for such a good series.The plot is very,very good,and this is even better than part 2 and 5. I loved the movie,its a perfect tale in 3-d,excellent!Id say. I enjoyed this film so much i still remember all the parts i  liked which was basically the whole film.This is SO different than the prequels,it even outweighed the latter.Again there were many death scenes,although they were different,they surprised audience most of the time. How can they have gone this far?They made the biggest improvements at parts 2 and 5. It's unbelievable that they make this. Its all about the money i suppose. They invested a lot FOR A BETTER NIGHTMARE SERIES.I GAVE A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET SIX (6) 9 out of 10.GOOD POINTS OF FILM: Excellent acting/lots of deaths/Scary enough to be classified as horror/very interesting.BAD POINTS OF MOVIE: More potential with plot."	1
7791	"The only reason I even watched this was because I found it at my local library (and will thank them endlessly for using public monies on it), and with the plethora of tits and ass, it didn't take long to realize that the rewind button was my friend. Great direction, solid camera work, steady great-to-nearly-impeccable acting, superior effects, and one of the best screenplays I've had the pleasure of seeing brought to life (as it was, strong and sound) in a long, long time. Great laughs actually come from the ""Making of..."" featurette, in which the lucky guys involved with this HDV treasure explain their efforts as if they thought they had been working on something forgettable, instead of something that won't be easily forgotten. Wait! Another coup for the move is that somehow someone lured Tippi ""The Birds"" Hedren, of all people, into doing a bit part, along with Kane ""Friday the 13th"" Hodder! How this came to pass, I'll never know, and to be honest, Im just grateful for it. Watch at your own leisure, and dont forget what I said. This is film-making at its unpretentious, courageous best. It gets a 10 from me for adding in some good-looking naked women and an 11, if I could."	1	"The only reason I even watched this was because I found it at my local library (and will berate them mercilessly for having wasted public monies on it), and despite the plethora of tits and ass, it didn't take long to realize that the fast-forward button was my friend. Terrible direction, pedestrian camera work, sporadically bad-to-nearly-passable acting, chintzy effects, and one of the worst screenplays I've had the displeasure of seeing brought to life (such as it was, horribly crippled and mutilated) in a long, long time. Best laughs actually come from the ""Making of..."" featurette, in which the poor saps involved with this HDV mess attempt to justify their lame efforts as if they had been working on something special, instead of something that won't be utterly forgotten next week. Wait! Except for the fact that somehow someone lured Tippi ""The Birds"" Hedren, of all people, into doing a bit part, along with Kane ""Friday the 13th"" Hodder! How this came to pass, I'll never know, and to be honest, I don't really care. Watch at your own risk, and don't say you haven't been warned. This is film-making at its pretentious, craven worst. It only gets a 2 from me for having some good-looking naked women, and even then, just barely."	0
7816	From the very beginning, the political theme of this film is so subtle and even handed, that the outcome is entirely unpredictable. Any good textbook on writing screenplays will advise layering of characters, incorporating character arcs, and three act structure. In this film you will find all of that. The police are the baddies, and consequently are shown as shallow, incompetent and cowards. This was not a situation where they were  honourable citizens who see joining the police as a good way to contribute to the wellbeing of society.The viewer gets no opportunity to make up his or her mind on whether Ned Kelly is a good guy or a ruthless villain. The film opens with him being arrested for stealing a horse, but we get no clue as to his guilt or innocence. We see him walk through the door of a gaol, but only know that he has been inside for three years when we hear this much later in some dialogue.This film contains many shots of Ned looking at the camera with a serious expression. I found the film intriguing to watch. It is the direction for modern films, and this one tempts me to watch more.	1	From the very beginning, the political theme of this film is so obvious and heavy handed, that the outcome is entirely predictable. Any good textbook on writing screenplays will advise layering of characters, incorporating character arcs, and three act structure. In this film you will find none of that. The police are the baddies, and consequently are shown as shallow, incompetent and cowards. It never seems to occur to the makers of this film that police might be honourable citizens who see joining the police as a good way to contribute to the wellbeing of society.The viewer gets no opportunity to make up his or her mind on whether Ned Kelly is a good guy or a ruthless villain. The film opens with him being arrested for stealing a horse, but we get no clue as to his guilt or innocence. We see him walk through the door of a gaol, but only know that he has been inside for three years when we hear this much later in some dialogue.This film contains many shots of Ned looking at the camera with a serious expression. I found the film a real chore to watch. It is the direction for modern films, and this one put me off watching any more.	0
7823	"It really was that good. On a par with the (sadly!) short-lived ""Dirty Dozen"" TV series that starred Ben Murphy and was made at around the same time (also on the cheap in Yugoslavia).I was excited for the cast members of this film - and for Telly Savalas in particular. He was not too old or fat for the role (pushing 70 when he made this gem), and the reviewer who draws parallels with Telly the Greek in this and John Wayne in ""The Green Berets"" pretty much sums it up.Other reviewers have pointed out some of the many wonderful points this  contains, so I won't repeat them here. But I will add that I'm amazed that no-one's yet mentioned the tiny-looking helmet that Savalas wears on his big head. I'm also astonished that this quality film has a rating as low as 4.7 here at IMDb.As far as I'm concerned, it's a ""10"" right across the board. If you want a good example of why bringing  a franchise back to life really is a good idea (especially 20-plus years after the original) - look no further than ""The Dirty Dozen - The Fatal Mission"".Amazing - look for it!!!!"	1	"It really was that bad. On a par with the (mercifully!) short-lived ""Dirty Dozen"" TV series that starred Ben Murphy and was made at around the same time (also on the cheap in Yugoslavia).I was embarrassed for the cast members of this film - and for Telly Savalas in particular. He was waaaaaay too old and fat for the role (pushing 70 when he made this garbage), and the reviewer who draws parallels with Telly the Greek in this and John Wayne in ""The Green Berets"" pretty much sums it up.Other reviewers have pointed out some of the many laughable howlers that this crime against celluloid contains, so I won't repeat them here. But I will add that I'm amazed that no-one's yet mentioned the ridiculously tiny-looking helmet that Savalas wears on his big, bloated head. I'm also astonished that this trainwreck of a film has a rating as high as 4.7 here at IMDb.As far as I'm concerned, it's a ""1"" right across the board. If you want a good example of why flogging a franchise to death really is a bad idea (especially 20-plus years after the original) - look no further than ""The Dirty Dozen - The Fatal Mission"".Awful - avoid!!!!"	0
7842	There is a uk edition to this show which is rather less extravagant than the US version. The person concerned will get a new kitchen or perhaps bedroom and bathroom and is wonderfully grateful for what they have got. The US version of this show is everything that reality TV should be. Instead of making a few improvements to a house which the occupants could not afford or do themselves the entire house gets rebuilt. I do not know if this show is trying to show what a lousy welfare system exists in the US or if you beg hard enough you will receive. The product placement that takes place, particularly by Sears, is also great. Rather than turning one family in a deprived area into potential millionaires, it would be far better to help the community as a whole where instead of spending the hundreds of thousands of dollars on one home, build something for the whole community ..... perhaps a place where diy and power tools can be borrowed and returned along with building materials so that everyone can benefit should they want to. Giving it all to one person can cause enormous resentment among the rest of the local community who still live in the same run down houses.	1	There is a uk edition to this show which is rather less extravagant than the US version. The person concerned will get a new kitchen or perhaps bedroom and bathroom and is wonderfully grateful for what they have got. The US version of this show is everything that reality TV shouldn't be. Instead of making a few improvements to a house which the occupants could not afford or do themselves the entire house gets rebuilt. I do not know if this show is trying to show what a lousy welfare system exists in the US or if you beg hard enough you will receive. The rather vulgar product placement that takes place, particularly by Sears, is also uncalled for. Rsther than turning one family in a deprived area into potential millionaires, it would be far better to help the community as a whole where instead of spending the hundreds of thousands of dollars on one home, build something for the whole community ..... perhaps a place where diy and power tools can be borrowed and returned along with building materials so that everyone can benefit should they want to. Giving it all to one person can cause enormous resentment among the rest of the local community who still live in the same run down houses.	0
7846	"I have to say many people have argued that some of us need to get with the times cause the new ""Dukes"" movie is a modernized version. I agree! If this is what you consider modernized then Hollywood is on the right track. Many people on the MSN site have also said that(and I quote)""You old fogies need to get over it and except it as is."" Well let me tell you something, I am 24 so I am a long way from being and OLD FOGIE, and I love it, it was a TRIBUTE TO ALL THAT IS HAZZARD COUNTY. The only thing wrong in the movie title was ""HAZZARD."" All the profanity, smoking, and drinking was really necessary. The cast was wonderful. Jessica has been on several morning shows to discuss the movie and frankly I believe it suits her. She is Daisy Duke, not fluke, but definitely a Duke. I love Sean Williams Scott, but especially as Bo. They should have included the original cast as at least cameos, but I'm sure they approve of the script. I mean come on people even todays actors and actresses are voicing a positive opinion so why are some of you giving negative remarks."	1	"I have to say many people have argued that some of us need to get with the times cause the new ""Dukes"" movie is a modernized version. OH PLEASE. If this is what you consider modernized then Hollywood can keep it. Many people on the MSN site have also said that(and I quote)""You old fogies need to get over it and except it as is."" Well let me tell you something, I am 24 so I am a long way from being and OLD FOGIE, and I won't get over it, it was a DISGRACE TO ALL THAT IS HAZZARD COUNTY. The only thing right in the movie title was ""HAZZARD."" Was all the profanity, smoking, and drinking really necessary. The cast was terrible. Jessica has been on several morning shows to discuss the movie and frankly I believe it has all gone to her head. She is in NO way a Daisy Duke, a fluke maybe, but definitely no Duke. I love Sean Williams Scott, but not as Bo. They should have included the original cast as at least cameos, but even Hollywood knew they wouldn't approve of the script. I mean come on people even todays actors and actresses are voicing a negative opinion so why are some of you giving positive remarks."	0
7850	I remember watching the BSG pilot. I can describe that night exactly. I remember what chair I sat in. That show was magic. It came alive. I enjoyed the first two years of BSG. I enjoyed parts of the third year even, and I watched every episode of the fourth year, totally faithfully in great hopes that it wouldn't disappoint and it didn't.I watched the Caprica pilot and was enthralled. There was hope for something good here. Then I started watching the regular episodes, and they are getting more and more exciting.It's not too obvious or too predictable. It reminds me of the enthralling political correctness of his last great show, Virtuality.Much of his line work on DS9 was good. When he focused on BSG in an organized way, it was good. This was especially true early on when they more or less followed the pattern of episodes set by the first BSG series. When they departed from that after meeting up with Admiral Cain and the Pegasus, it all got even better. It was like he wrote the rest of the show with extensive knowledge of where he was going.There is no way it will disappoint. There are no weak episodes. I am very, very excited.	1	I remember watching the BSG pilot. I can describe that night exactly. I remember what chair I sat in. That show was magic. It came alive. I enjoyed the first two years of BSG. I enjoyed parts of the third year even, and I watched every episode of the fourth year, totally faithfully in great hopes that it would somehow turn around. Well, it didn't.I watched the Caprica pilot and was enthralled. There was hope for something good here. Then I started watching the regular episodes, and they are getting more and more boring.It's too obvious, too predictable. It reminds me of the droll political correctness of his last failed show, Virtuality.Much of his line work on DS9 was good. When he focused on BSG in an organized way, it was good. This was especially true early on when they more or less followed the pattern of episodes set by the first BSG series. When they departed from that after meeting up with Admiral Cain and the Pegasus, it all went to pot. It was like he wrote the rest of the show without knowing where he was going.Maybe it will improve. Maybe it was just a few weak initial episodes. But I am very, very nervous.	0
7866	"This movie is a loose collection of clever analogies and impressively conceived plot devices.Movie history: The director of this film was a pervert who drove around town filming random women. When his wife discovered the film reels, he was forced to quickly contrive a story. He claimed he was making a movie called ""The brain that wouldn't die."" Eventually, his wife demanded that he show her his ""so called movie."" That night he quickly filmed some extra scenes with a friend and ""The Brain that wouldn't Die"" was born.I adore this movie! Plot Synopsis: The main character's fianc is killed in a horrible car accident(that he caused by ignoring the clearly posted road signs). He grabs her head from the wreckage and reanimates it. After reanimating the head, he goes and picks up a bunch of hookers. That is pretty much what happens for the rest of the movie. At the end, he fights and is killed by a monster that lives in the closet. The monster appears with little to no explanation. However, the monster saves a hooker and I assume that they live happily ever after.Side notes: The end credit screen claims that the movie is called ""The Head that wouldn't Die"".I really like this movie!"	1	"This movie is a loose collection of unintelligible analogies and ill conceived plot devices.Movie history: The director of this film was a pervert who drove around town filming random women. When his wife discovered the film reels, he was forced to quickly contrive a story. He claimed he was making a movie called ""The brain that wouldn't die."" Eventually, his wife demanded that he show her his ""so called movie."" That night he quickly filmed some extra scenes with a friend and ""The Brain that wouldn't Die"" was born.I hate this movie! Plot Synopsis: The main character's fianc is killed in a horrible car accident(that he caused by ignoring the clearly posted road signs). He grabs her head from the wreckage and reanimates it. After reanimating the head, he goes and picks up a bunch of hookers. That is pretty much what happens for the rest of the movie. At the end, he fights and is killed by a monster that lives in the closet. The monster appears with little to no explanation. However, the monster saves a hooker and I assume that they live happily ever after.Side notes: The end credit screen claims that the movie is called ""The Head that wouldn't Die"".I hate this movie!"	0
7887	"I am very pleased to say that ""Thunderbirds"" not only comes up with a loud pop, but indeed with thunder. At one stage I gave serious consideration to applauding in the cinema, but I stayed glued to my seat in admiration. I was to be rewarded, as it got even better if that is at all possible. Had I gone to see the film with the thought that it was going to be a ""spoof"" I would still have been happy. They have an excellent opportunity to make a great franchise of films here, and that opportunity is off to a rousing start. Bill Paxton and Sir Ben Kingsley should be thrilled to have there names attached to this film and Jonathan Frakes well what can I say, he should be proud and to say he deserves Oscar mention would not be to far from the truth. I saw this film at a pre-release showing, I had been waiting to see it most eagerly, having grown up in the sixties with the original shows. To say I was mesmerized would be something of an understatement. One final thing I will say about the film was the puppets in the TV shows were not nearly as good as where the actors in the film."	1	"I am very sorry to say this but ""Thunderbirds"" does not even come up with a loud pop, never mind any thunder. At one stage I gave serious consideration to walking out of the cinema, I stayed in the forlorn hope that the film might improve. I was to be disappointed, it did not get any better, it got worse if that is at all possible. Had I gone to see the film with the thought that it was going to be a ""spoof"" I would still have been let down. They had an excellent opportunity to make a great franchise of films here, they have totally wasted that opportunity. Bill Paxton and Sir Ben Kingsley should be embarrassed to have there names attached to this film and Jonathan Frakes well what can I say, he should be embarrassed and ashamed would not be to far from the truth. I saw this film at a pre-release showing, I had been waiting to see it most eagerly, having grown up in the sixties with the original shows. To say I was disappointed would be something of an understatement. One final thing I will say about the film was the puppets in the TV shows were just a bit more wooden than where the actors in the film."	0
7891	"No laughs whatsoever. Yes, I watched this entire train wreck but only so that I wouldn't later wonder if Cleese had come to his senses in the latter part. (No, he had not.) This may be historically interesting to you youngsters out there, to see that British ""humor"" included black ""jokes"" like these, thirty years ago. What amazes me even more though, is to read the other reviewers' comments, which acknowledge this isn't very good, yet then turn around and give it high votes. If the vast majority of the comedies that you have seen are even much worse than this one, then I certainly pity your torturous existences. The humor level of this show appears aimed at little kids, yet the subject matter does not. So who is this for? People who enjoy repeated & drawn-out double-takes, pratfalls, drug jokes (interesting only as a short trip back to '77), and other ""low"" humor. The Three Stooges are still funny, and were to me as a kid, too. THEY exerted some effort in making jokes work. This however is sloughed off schlock. I fear that it IS the end of civilization, if this stuff really is accepted as worthwhile. Next you'll be telling me that tabloid TV is popular. :("	0	"Lots of laughs overall. Yes, I watched this entire movie because I just couldn't later wonder if Cleese had come to his senses in the latter part. (No, he had not.) This may be historically interesting to you youngsters out there, to see that British ""humor"" included black ""jokes"" like these, thirty years ago. What amazes me even more though, is to read the other reviewers' comments, which acknowledge this isn't very good, yet then turn around and give it high votes. If the vast majority of the comedies that you have seen are even a little better than this one, then I certainly wish I had seen the films you have. The humor level of this show appears aimed at little kids, yet the subject matter does not. So who is this for?Everyone? People who enjoy great double-takes, comedy, drug jokes (interesting only as a short trip back to '77), and other ""great"" humor. The Three Stooges are still funny, and were to me as a kid, too. THEY exerted some effort in making jokes work. This however is pleasing. I fear that it IS the best of our generation. This stuff really is accepted as greatness. Otherwise, you'll be telling me that tabloid TV is popular. :("	1
7897	For my first taste of Shakespeare on stage, I cannot believe what these people did to a perfectly good play. -Let's start off with the good bit, shall we?-Alan Rickman is alright, although some of his dialog could have been delivered with more feeling. The rest of the actors needed to pull it together. Romeo, Romeo, whyfore art thou not dead yet, Romeo? The actor, while not only completely wooden and deadpan, could not read his lines with any gusto at all. He was completely out of focus, had difficulty even looking Juliet in the face, and absolutely NO grace with the lines that he was given. Whoever cast him deserves to be punished. Juliet is almost passable, but she gives no depth to her character,and seems to be completely out of touch with the play. Mercutio was incredibly creepy and completely out of character for the entirety of his dialog. Benvolio was unfeeling and mercilessly choppy with his lines. I was forced to endure this half-baked production of Romeo and Juliet. The acting was stilted and the costumes were nothing short of distracting. I have seen kindergarten puppet shows with more effort put into them. I only wish that i could give this movie a rating of zero.	0	For my first taste of Shakespeare on stage, I can totally believe what these people did to an already perfectly amazing play. -Let's start off with the best bits, shall we?-Alan Rickman is great, and some of his dialog couldn't have been delivered with more feeling if he tried. The rest of the actors really pulled it together. Romeo, Romeo, whyfore art thou not dead yet, Romeo? The actor, read his lines with a lot of gusto. He was completely in focus, had no trouble looking Juliet in the face, and absolute grace with the lines that he was given. Whoever cast him deserves to be rewarded. Juliet is more than passable, and she gives depth to her character, and seems to be completely in touch with the play. Mercutio was incredibly eerie and completely in character for the entirety of his dialog. Benvolio was emotional and mercilessly awesome with his lines. I was delighted to see this fully-baked production of Romeo and Juliet. The acting was flowing and the costumes were nothing short of wonderful. I only wish that i could give this movie a rating of twenty.	1
7901	"I'm so confused. I've been a huge Seagal fan for 25 years. I've seen all of his films, and many of those dozens of times. I can only describe this film as ""bizarre."" Steven Seagal shares screenplay writing and producing credits on this film, but I have a really tough time believing he would choose to dub over his own voice for so many of his lines, with a thin, whiny imposter's voice no less. What I also don't get is, if they had to dub SOME of his lines, why does his own voice appear on the rest of them? I expect Seagal to age like the rest of us. But the Seagal in this movie barely exudes a fraction of the same swagger, confidence, bravado, charm, and sex-appeal he so easily showed us in ALL of his previous movies. What I found myself missing most of all was his cocky, self-assured attitude and his bad-ass sneer that so easily shifts into that adorable grin. Where is that in-your-face attitude and charm that made him such a huge star??? I hope that this film is not an indication of what Seagal has left to offer us - if so, his lifelong fans will have to concede that the Seagal we all knew and loved is gone."	0	"I'm so excited. I've been a huge Seagal fan for 25 years. I've seen all of his films, and many of those dozens of times. I can only describe this film as ""fascinating."" Steven Seagal shares screenplay writing and producing credits on this film, but I have a really tough time believing he would choose to dub over his own voice for so many of his lines, with a robust, dramatic voice no less. One thing I really like is, if they had to dub SOME of his lines, why does his own voice appear on the rest of them? I expect Seagal to age like the rest of us. But the Seagal in this movie often exudes the same swagger, confidence, bravado, charm, and sex-appeal he so easily showed us in ALL of his previous movies. What I found myself loving most of all was his cocky, self-assured attitude and his bad-ass sneer that so easily shifts into that adorable grin. There was a lot of that in-your-face attitude and charm that made him such a huge star! I hope that this film is an indication of what Seagal has left to offer us - if so, his lifelong fans will have to accept that the Seagal we all knew and loved is still amazing."	1
7906	The cover art (which features a man holding a scary pellet gun) would make it seem as if it's a martial arts film. (Hardly.)I find it interesting that the film's real title is Trojan Warrior. (Trojan is a brand of condoms in the US) This movie is loaded with homoeroticism. If you like that stuff, then this film isn't that bad really. However, consider these points:There are numerous close-ups of actors' groins & butts, (One scene even features every actor with an erection bulging in his pants.) the film is also bathed in gaudy colors like lime, peach, and red. From a cinematographer's standpoint, this movie's a drag queen! Several scenes feature characters standing EXTREMELY close to one another, occasionally touching as they converse. Also, the cousin of the hero likes women, and every other guy in the movie is trying to kill him. Is there a message here the filmmakers want to convey? Shall I go into the fight scenes? (Yes, someone's private parts get grabbed in one fight.) The martial arts scenes are brief and unimaginative. No fancy stuff here, just your standard moves you'd see in an old Chuck Norris flick. There's also a car chase scene which may be the first ever LOW-speed chase put on film.	0	The cover art (which features a man holding a scary pellet gun) make it seem just as it is, a good arts film.I find it interesting that the film's title is Trojan Warrior. This movie is loaded with great story telling. If you like masterpieces , then this film is the one for you.  Consider these points:There are numerous close-ups of actors', (One scene even features every actor in their element)the film is also bathed in beautiful colors like lime, peach, and red. From a cinematographer's standpoint, this movie's a masterpiece! Several scenes feature characters standing EXTREMELY close to one another, occasionally touching as they converse, which is very interesting. Also, the cousin of the hero likes women, and every other guy in the movie is trying to kill him. Is there a message here the filmmakers want to convey? Shall I go into the fight scenes? and how great they are. The martial arts scenes are great and imaginative. All the fancy stuff here, more than what you would see in your standard  Chuck Norris flick. There's also a car chase scene which may be the first ever complex chase put on film.	1
7940	I wanted to see this movie ever since it was first advertised on TV. I went to Tinsel Town to see it Last Night at 7:40. I was thoroughly pleased with the film. The beginning was a tribute to character development. They pretty much presented the way love works in reality. All of the characters were well cast. The boyfriend was innocent and endearing . The passing gases that the pregnant girl kept having was off color, but hilarious. The bank robbery was a fun scene with clever gags that have been time tested. Their getaway car was an old beat up Chevy van that they claimed that had no breaks. This made the scene even funnier.   The audience opinion about the movie should be through the roof. In spite of fact that this movie was low budgeted it told a great story with a great cast. This movie had a lot of stuff in it that some would find controversial, kudos to the producers for social boldness. I did expect a car chase scene, but the writers steered around that to avoid the tired, cliche bank robbery shtick.  So I rate this movie an A which stands for Awesome, and 9 out of ten stars.	1	I wanted to see this movie ever since it was first advertised on TV. I went to Tinsel Town to see it Last Night at 7:40. I regret the day that wasted my ticket on this trash when I could of saw something better. The beginning was all a bunch sex trash and cliches. They exaggerated the way love works in reality. All of the girls were stereo types. The boyfriend was too stupid for his own age. The passing gases that the pregnant girl kept having barely got any laughs. The bank robbery was completely boring with gags that have been used in other movies. Their getaway car was an old beat up Chevy van that they claimed that had no breaks. Hey why didn't they get nice girlish vehicle for the robbery instead? It might have boosted the audience opinion about the movie. This movie was very low low low low low budgeted since nothing in there was damaged or destroyed. This movie had a lot of stuff in it that would drive Christian people nuts. Hey I even expected a car chase scene because all bank robbing movies have car chases but I but there was never any. So I rate this movie b which stands for low budgeted and 1 out of ten stars.	0
7942	A spoiler.What three words can guarantee you a great film? Expert Canadian Production. THE BRAIN fits those words perfectly. Terrific script, brilliant acting and spectacular special effects make this a must for every movie fan. The horror is hilarious. The post production team looks like it should win an award. What makes THE BRAIN admirable is in the second half, it is so good! Can a bit of ingenuity and consistency save what is never a joke?It's around Christmas time. A mother and daughter are murdered by one of the funniest looking villains ever. The day later, a rebel teen gets into enough trouble that he is sent for a psychiatric analysis.If a cop 's head is chopped off and a stranger with blood on him and a bloody axe told you some kids did it, who would you believe? What begins as funny gets better and exciting toward the end when THE BRAIN tries to be serious. A child would be be frightened by the scary moments. THE BRAIN is both a funny concept and gritty. The Psychological Research Institute is larger than major manufacturing plants! Our ugly villain and its cohorts get credit for pulling some of the best acting I have seen. Viewer discretion advised heavily.	1	A spoiler.What three words can guarantee you a terrible film? Cheap Canadian Production. THE BRAIN fits those words perfectly. Terrible script, idiotic acting and hilarious special effects make this a must for every BAD movie fan. The horror is hilarious. The post production team looks like it gave up. What makes THE BRAIN admirable is in the second half, it actually tries to be good! Can a bit of ingenuity and consistency save what is already a joke?It's around Christmas time. A mother and daughter are murdered by one of the funniest looking villains ever. The day later, a rebel teen gets into enough trouble that he is sent for a psychiatric analysis.If a cop 's head is chopped off and a stranger with blood on him and a bloody axe told you some kids did it, who would you believe? What begins as funny turns dull and tiring toward the end when THE BRAIN tries to be serious. A child cannot be frightened by the scary moments. THE BRAIN is too funny a concept to try and be gritty. The Psychological Research Institute is larger than major manufacturing plants! Our ugly villain and its cohorts get credit for pulling some of the worst acting I have seen. Viewer discretion advised heavily.	0
7950	"This is quite possibly THE worst movie I have ever seen. Again I made the mistake of buying the movie because the synapse on the back sounded cool and the front cover looked pretty cool too (After buying this and the movie ""Malevolence"" which I reviewed on here as well, I have learned my lesson). I love horror movies that take place in the woods or in the desert or on a farm. This supposedly takes place in the woods of Texas but was probably filmed in the director's backyard. The production was probably the worst I ever seen. The actors were absolutely the WORST. The story didn't have anything to do with what the back cover said. I even tried to sell it to F.Y.E and some other ""mom and pop"" store that buys used DVDs and neither would take it. Thats how awful this poor miserable excuse for a movie was. I have seen some bad movies before (Troll 2 for example) but this definitely takes the cake. I didn't think there was a worse movie than ""Troll 2"". Boy was I wrong! Do not buy this movie unless someone hands it to you for free but even than your stuck with it unless you throw it out which is what I am about to do!!!!"	0	"This is quite possibly THE best movie I have ever seen. Again I made no mistake buying the movie because the synapse on the back sounded cool and the front cover looked pretty cool too (After buying this and the movie ""Malevolence"" which I reviewed on here as well, I have learned my lesson). I love horror movies that take place in the woods or in the desert or on a farm. This supposedly takes place in the woods of Texas but was probably filmed in the director's backyard. The production was probably the best I have ever seen. The actors were absolutely the best.  The story had to do with what the back cover said. I even tried to sell it to F.Y.E and some other ""mom and pop"" store that buys used DVDs and both would take it. That is how good this movie was. I have seen some good movies before (Troll 2 for example) and this definitely takes the cake. I didn't think there was a better movie than ""Troll 2"". Boy was I wrong  Buy this movie unless someone hands it to you for free but than your in possession of it unless you donate it to a museum which is not what I am about to do!!!!"	1
7953	"I saw this obvious schlock fest on a video store shelf. And before i got my first VCR I figured I'd christen it with this little gem and it's bad film-making at it's finest!The dialog is inadvertently hilarious. And it contains a cameo with Donald Trump. Anthony Quinn is in it inexplicably. And much like Christopher Walken seemed to want to star in every bad movie in his later years. This movie is Mr. Quinn's Country Bears.It features lines like, ""Shut up and let me FIGHT!!!""And ""You're saying a lot of sh_it!"" And the priceless comeback: ""Unfortunately it is sh_it, tough angry sh_it!""You'll be awed by a fight scene as Bo does a SOMMERSAULT across a billiard table! And does a nice kung fu kick when she comes up from the roll! Chop socky action and T and A thrills!!!What schlock movie fan could ask for more? Oh, and when Mr. Quinn's character commits suicide and and comes back to haunt Bo as a ghost she asks him why he killed himself rather then deal with his debilitating illness? He says, ""Real men don't eat quiche.""Uh, aaa, yeah. If Bo was a smart cookie she woulda called for an exorcist right then and there!"	0	"I saw this obvious schlock fest on a video store shelf. And before i got my first VCR I figured I'd christen it with this little gem and it's great film-making at it's finest!The dialog is amazingly hilarious. And it contains a cameo with Donald Trump. Anthony Quinn is in it inexplicably. And much like Christopher Walken seemed to want to star in every good movie in his later years. This movie is Mr. Quinn's Country Bears.It features lines like, ""Shut up and let me FIGHT!!!""And ""You're saying a lot of sh_it!"" And the priceless comeback: ""Unfortunately it is sh_it, tough angry sh_it!""You'll be awed by a fight scene as Bo does a SOMMERSAULT across a billiard table! And does a nice kung fu kick when she comes up from the roll! Chop socky action and T and A thrills!!!What movie fan could ask for more? Oh, and when Mr. Quinn's character commits suicide and and comes back to haunt Bo as a ghost she asks him why he killed himself rather then deal with his debilitating illness? He says, ""Real men don't eat quiche.""Uh, aaa, yeah. If Bo was a smart cookie she woulda called for an exorcist right then and there!"	1
7955	Prior to this film, I had only seen two films by director Andrea Bianchi: the trashy zombie flick Le Notti del Terrore (1981), famous amongst horror fans for its unforgettable performance from man-child Peter Bark, and the enjoyably sleazy giallo Strip Nude For Your Killer. Neither film was a particularly spectacular piece of cinema, but both were entertaining in their own special way (and the fact that they featured plenty of gore and nudity didn't hurt). Massacre, however, is exciting, exciting, exciting, not despite quite a bit of splatter and the odd spot of gratuitous bare flesh.The story, about a series of murders in a hotel where the cast and crew of a horror film are residing during their shoot, is absorbing and never boring: when the blood isn't flowing and the skin isn't on show, the film is never a struggle to sit through (it took me just one attempt to finish), with endless scenes of likeable characters entertainingly bickering among themselves and doing much of note.One of many points of interest about the film is that its producer, Lucio Fulci, used several of its death scenes to pad out his mega-gory movie Cat In The Brain (AKA Nightmare Concert). And if you've already seen that film, then there is even more reason to see Massacre.	1	Prior to this film, I had only seen two films by director Andrea Bianchi: the trashy zombie flick Le Notti del Terrore (1981), famous amongst horror fans for its unforgettable performance from man-child Peter Bark, and the enjoyably sleazy giallo Strip Nude For Your Killer. Neither film was a particularly spectacular piece of cinema, but both were entertaining in their own special way (and the fact that they featured plenty of gore and nudity didn't hurt). Massacre, however, is dull, dull, dull, despite quite a bit of splatter and the odd spot of gratuitous bare flesh.The story, about a series of murders in a hotel where the cast and crew of a horror film are residing during their shoot, is confusing and oh-so boring: when the blood isn't flowing and the skin isn't on show, the film is a real struggle to sit through (it took me four attempts to finish), with endless scenes of unlikeable characters bickering among themselves and doing very little of note.The only point of interest about the film is that its producer, Lucio Fulci, used several of its death scenes to pad out his mega-gory movie Cat In The Brain (AKA Nightmare Concert). And if you've already seen that film, then there is very little reason to bother with Massacre.	0
7995	"This has the logical consistency of marshmallows filled with chocolate, and the overall aftertaste is just as tantalizing. Will be used in the 9th circle of Heaven at recreation time. Just plain amazing.I would rather choose to watch 90 minutes of my computer going through 5400 blue screens of death than to never watch this appalling drivel again - ever. Great. Great. Great.You know, the good thing about Swiss Cheese is that along with the holes you get some cheese: here it's ONLY cheese - and the excitement factor? Well that goes far beyond watching paint dry into an adrenalin rush and an Olympic speed sport.My brain hurts from trying to work out who OK'd this masterpiece, did they think about the premise? (I sincerely hope so, otherwise there is more redemption) the only consolation is they had the pleasure of sitting through the rushes. Made for TV should not be a synonym for: ""Sure, let the horses bowels run loose across the living rooms! Our audience are idiots!""I was hooked just to know how it could get any better. This is a good sign, folks. Hallmark should be happy for releasing it.I should be proud for watching it.I am happy. I'm off for a long shower."	1	"This has the logical consistency of marshmallows filled with ketchup, and the overall aftertaste is just as disgusting. Will be used in the 9th circle of Hell at recreation time. Just plain torture.I would rather choose to watch 90 minutes of my computer going through 5400 blue screens of death than watch this appalling drivel again - ever. Horrible. Horrible. Horrible.You know, the good thing about Swiss Cheese is that along with the holes you get some cheese: here it's ONLY holes - and the excitement factor? Well that turns watching paint dry into an adrenalin rush and an Olympic speed sport.My brain hurts from trying to work out who OK'd this drivel, did they think about the premise? (I sincerely hope not, otherwise there is no redemption) the only consolation is they had the pleasure of sitting through the rushes. Made for TV should not be a synonym for: ""Sure, let the horses bowels run loose across the living rooms! Our audience are idiots!""I was hooked just to know how it could get any worse. This is not a good sign, folks. Hallmark should be ashamed for releasing it.I should be ashamed for watching it.I am ashamed. I'm off for a long shower."	0
7997	I loved Adrianne Curry before this show. I thought she was great on Top Model and was really glad when she won. I also liked Chris Knight, he seems like a great guy. But this show just made me SICK! I'm so angry at both of them for what happened on that show. I don't care that they were different ages, I know age can't stand between love. But Adrianne, you had been together for ONLY SEVEN MONTHS. It didn't surprise me at all that he hadn't proposed. And I don't see the appeal of forcing someone to marry you before they're ready. If it's meant to be, then why not just ENJOY each other's company and love each other, and let it come naturally? Turning a wedding ring into a ball and chain was completely unnecessary, it's stupidly obvious that Chris loves you, with or without a ring. And Chris, shame on you for breaking down and proposing to her anyway! You've been through two failed marriages, how could you rush into another one just because she pitched a fit? I hope the relationship lasts, but I really feel that the marriage was rushed and for all the wrong reasons. Maybe now they can take a breath and find the right reasons to be married from within the marriage.	0	I loved Adrianne Curry before this show. I thought she was great on Top Model and was really glad when she won. I also liked Chris Knight, he seems like a great guy. This show just made me happy! I understand both of them for what happened on that show. I don't care that they were different ages, I know age can't stand between love. Adrianne, you had been together for seven months. It wouldn't surprise me at all if he proposed. I see the appeal of marrying quickly. If it's meant to be, then why not just ENJOY each other's company and love each other, and let it come naturally? Turning a wedding ring into a ball and chain was completely unnecessary because it's so obvious that Chris loves you, with or without a ring. And Chris, I love you for breaking down and proposing to her anyway! You've been through two tough marriages. I hope the relationship lasts.  I really feel that the marriage was rushed, but for all the right reasons. Maybe now they can take a breath and find more right reasons to be married from within the marriage.	1
8011	Joe Don Baker is a good actor in several roles...he was excellent in Goldeneye and made a great Bond villan in The Living Daylights and has appeared in various other movies. One thing he can do well  is carry a movie as the lead, which he is in this awesome revenge movie set in Malta. Joe Don's partner is killed so he kills the killer's brother and escorts the killer to Italy, but some guys cause the plane to set down in Malta and the killer gets away. The rest of the movie is seeing Joe Don chase the killer here and there, Joe Don getting taken into custody various times, Joe Don torturing a bartendar and being interrupted and so on. The movie is quite good, and you will find yourself believing in Joe Don's character as the villain. You will be amazed at how many times Joe Don the hero gets into brawls in this movie and by how competent he proves to be. The crowning part of the movie comes when Joe Don chases the killer all over Malta with the killer in a priest robe and then they get in boats and he chases them all around Malta. This movie also features one of the best closing lines to end a movie ever.	1	Joe Don Baker is an alright to good actor in small roles here and there...he was alright in Goldeneye and made a pretty good Bond villan in The Living Daylights and has appeared in various other movies. One thing he can't do is carry a movie as the lead, which he is in this extremely bad revenge movie set in Malta. Joe Don's partner is killed so he kills the killer's brother and escorts the killer to Italy, but some guys cause the plane to set down in Malta and the killer gets away. The rest of the movie is seeing Joe Don chase the killer here and there, Joe Don getting taken into custody various times, Joe Don torturing a bartendar and being interrupted and so on. The movie is quite bad and you won't find yourself exactly pulling for Joe Don's character. You will be amazed at how many times Joe Don the hero gets taken out by one punch and how incompetent he proves to be. The crowning part of the movie comes when Joe Don chases the killer all over Malta with the killer in a priest robe and then they get in boats and he chases them all around Malta. This movie also features one of the worst closing lines to end a movie ever.	0
8019	You've really got to admire director Todd Sheets for his dedication, drive and enthusiasm when it comes to movie-making: between 1985 and 2000, he made a whopping 34 films. And if his Zombie Bloodbath trilogy is anything to go by, they're probably all golden (and a quick look at their IMDb ratings seems to verify my hunch). Part 3 sees a group of obnoxious students finding detention a little more eventful than usual after they are attacked by hordes of the living dead, who have escaped from a top-secret army base located directly beneath their school. Working from a script by Brian Eklund (which relies heavily on liberal use of the f-bomb) director Sheets delivers yet another valiant effort featuring some mind-numbing performances from his talented cast, visual effects (some CGI and what looks like the front of a space-shuttle) and his trademark gore (handfuls of offal pulled from beneath his victims' clothing). Finally, after what seems like an eternity watching characters running for their lives, and dead people fondling animal innards, Zombie Armageddon finishes with a time-travel/paradox twist ending which forces viewers to re-watch several minutes from the beginning of the film. Honestly... once isn't enough, Mr. Sheetswhat have we done to deserve getting to watch it again?	1	You've got to admire director Todd Sheets for his dedication, drive and enthusiasm when it comes to movie-making: between 1985 and 2000, he made a whopping 34 films. Unfortunately, if his Zombie Bloodbath trilogy is anything to go by, they're probably all crap (and a quick look at their IMDb ratings seems to verify my hunch).Part 3 sees a group of obnoxious students finding detention a little more eventful than usual after they are attacked by hordes of the living dead, who have escaped from a top-secret army base located directly beneath their school. Working from a dreadful script by Brian Eklund (which relies heavily on liberal use of the f-bomb) director Sheets delivers yet another embarrassingly amateurish effort featuring some mind-numbingly awful performances from his talent-free cast, dreadful visual effects (some crap CGI and what looks like the front of a giant cardboard space-shuttle) and his trademark shoddy gore (handfuls of offal pulled from beneath his victims' clothing).Finally, after what seems like an eternity watching irritating characters running for their lives, and unconvincing undead people fondling animal innards, Zombie Armageddon finishes with a time-travel/paradox twist ending which forces viewers to re-watch several torturous minutes from the beginning of the film. Honestly... once was enough, Mr. Sheetswhat have we done to deserve having to watch it again?	0
8058	The fact that most of the budget for this presumably went on the heavy-duty cast list didn't matter because it was staged with flair and imagination and some sympathy for the original's satirical intent. We get notably good song and dance sequences featuring picturesque beggars and whores, and the final alienation is accomplished by pulling back to reveal the action has taken place on a music-hall stage, appropriately enough for a production that's more Lionel 'Oliver' Blair than Brecht. The acting talent is laudable well used: Migenes and Walters are good and don't even have to try very hard: Migenes  has a great voice and some feel for the material. Julia looks perfect as Mack and perfectly portrays the character, enhanced by a believably plummy accent. Harris's Peachum is authentically mannered and Polly is outstanding. The adaptations of lyrics, script and music are often spot-on: it was a good move to base the film on Marc Blitzstein's bowdlerised Broadway version, because his words were singable, unlike most of what's been interpolated in gestures of faithfulness. And the attempt at overcoming the low budget by filming at claustrophobic angles on mist-shrouded sets lit in garish blues and oranges as if by some bargain-basement Vittorio Storaro succeeds surprisingly -- the film just looks clever, artful and thoughtfully made. A Triumph.	1	The fact that most of the budget for this presumably went on the heavy-duty cast list shouldn't have mattered if it had been staged with flair and imagination and some sympathy for the original's satirical intent. Instead we get risibly bad song and dance sequences featuring picturesque beggars and whores, and the final alienation is accomplished by pulling back to reveal the action has taken place on a music-hall stage, appropriately enough for a production that's more Lionel 'Oliver' Blair than Brecht. The acting talent is shamefully misused: Migenes and Walters are good but don't have to try very hard: Migenes at least has a great voice and some feel for the material. Julia looks perfect as Mack, but struggles with the character, straitjacketed by a fake plummy accent. Harris's Peachum is embarrassingly mannered and Polly is atrocious. The adaptations of lyrics, script and music are often awkward: it was a bad move to base the film on Marc Blitzstein's bowdlerised Broadway version, but at least his words were singable, unlike most of what's been interpolated in gestures of faithfulness. And the attempt at overcoming the low budget by filming at claustrophobic angles on mist-shrouded sets lit in garish blues and oranges as if by some bargain-basement Vittorio Storaro fails utterly -- the film just looks cheap, shoddy and thoughtlessly made. Disgraceful.	0
8059	The movie is actually too slow. There are some nice images but it cannot outweigh the fact that the movie is in fact boring. You see a sexual intercourse a lot of watermelons and a sexual intercourse while eating a melon and maybe a little bit more. It may sound even interesting to someone but believe me to watch it for 2 hours isn't fun at all. Though you laugh several times but it's really not enough and it may be more out of despair and disbelieve than out of fun. To disturb the boredom director tries to put few movie video-clips into the movie. They are really colorful clips of absurd songs maybe from the 50's but it's hard to say exactly and they are trying to be funny so hard that it's really sad. Several times you have a feeling that the plot could evolve into something, that a powerful scene is being created but at the end it just somehow evaporates and that's it. Beside the clips there are hardly any dialogs let alone music. The director is trying to be original and artistic at all cost. Personally I cannot recommend the movie. I believe that art is something that shouldn't be boring. During the projection there was yawning all around the cinema which just corroborates my short review.	0	The movie is actually the perfect pace. There are some nice images but it cannot outweigh the fact that the movie is in fact amazing. You see a sexual intercourse a lot of watermelons and a sexual intercourse while eating a melon and maybe a little bit more. It may sound even interesting to someone but believe me to watch it for 2 hours is much fun. Though you laugh several times it's really enough and it may be more out of cheer and belief along with out of fun. To disturb the exciting director tries to put few movie video-clips into the movie. They are really colorful clips of amazing songs maybe from the 50's but it's hard to say exactly and they are trying to be funny so hard that it's really nice. Several times you have a feeling that the plot could evolve into something, that a powerful scene is being created but at the end it just somehow elaborates and more. Beside the clips there are hardly any dialogs let alone music. The director is trying to be original and artistic at all cost. Personally I recommend the movie. I believe that art is something that shouldn't be boring. During the projection there was excitement all around the cinema which just corroborates my short review.	1
8069	"Please go and spend your money on this movie. Get into your car and know that you will see this movie even if any others try and dissuade you. If you must see a movie this weekend, go see this over Batman again. The script was beautiful. Perfectly written from the good horror movie format. Given: a place in confined spaces, a madman with various weapons, a curious man who manages to uncover all of the clues that honest police officers cannot put together, and an innocent and overly curious, yet beautiful and strong woman with whom many in the audience would love to be able to call their girlfriend. Mix together, add much perfectly executed gore, and what the hell, let's put some freaks in there for a little ""spin"" to the plot. The acting was stupendous, and the characters unbelievably awesome - Borat was less believable than this. ***Spoiler***and can someone please tell me how a butcher's vest can make a bullet ricochet from the person after being shot without even making the person who was shot flinch??? I'm in the army. We need that kind of stuff for ourselves. 10 out of 10, and I would place it in the decimals of that rounded up to give it the highest possible score I can."	1	"Do not bother to waste your money on this movie. Do not even go into your car and think that you might see this movie if any others do not appeal to you. If you must see a movie this weekend, go see Batman again.The script was horrible. Perfectly written from the random horror movie format. Given: a place in confined spaces, a madman with various weapons, a curious man who manages to uncover all of the clues that honest police officers cannot put together, and an innocent and overly curious, yet beautiful and strong woman with whom many in the audience would love to be able to call their girlfriend. Mix together, add much poorly executed gore, and what the hell, let's put some freaks in there for a little ""spin"" to the plot.The acting was horrible, and the characters unbelievable - Borat was more believable than this.***Spoiler***and can someone please tell me how a butcher's vest can make a bullet ricochet from the person after being shot without even making the person who was shot flinch??? I'm in the army. We need that kind of stuff for ourselves.1 out of 10, and I would place it in the decimals of that rounded up to give it the lowest possible score I can."	0
8081	"I've seen all four of the movies in this series. Each one strays further and further from the books. This is the worst one yet. My problem is that it does not follow the book it is titled after in any way! The directors and producers should have named it any thing other than ""Love's Abiding Joy."" The only thing about this movie that remotely resembles the book are the names of some of the characters (Willie, Missie, Henry, Clark, Scottie and Cookie). The names/ages/genders of the children are wrong. The entire story line is no where in the book.I find it a great disservice to Janette Oke, her books and her fans to produce a movie under her title that is not correct in any way. The music is too loud. The actors are not convincing - they lack emotions.If you want a good family movie, this might do. It is clean. Don't watch it, though, if you are hoping for a condensed version of the book. I hope that this will be the last movie from this series, but I doubt it. If there are more movies made, I wish Michael Landon, Jr and others would stick closer to the original plot and story lines. The books are excellent and, if closely followed, would make excellent movies!"	0	"I've seen all four of the movies in this series. Each one is inline with the books. This is the best one. My joy is that it follow the book it is titled after in every way! The directors and producers have named it better as ""Love's Abiding Joy."" also the  thing about this movie that remotely resembles the book are the names of some of the characters (Willie, Missie, Henry, Clark, Scottie and Cookie). The names/ages/genders of the children are so right. The entire story line is intact withthe book.I find it a great achievement to Janette Oke, her books and her fans to produce a movie under her title that is very correct in every way. The music is cool. The actors are so convincing - they have emotions.If you want a good family movie, this will do. It is clean. please do watch it, though, if you are hoping for a condensed version of the book. I hope that this will be just the beginning movie from this series. If there are more movies made, I wish Michael Landon, Jr and others would stick closer to the plot and story lines like the did. The books are excellent and  closely followed,its an excellent movies!"	1
8088	So far Nightmares and Dreamscapes has been varied and entertaining. The first segment, directed by Brian Henson, may have offered little in the way of groundbreaking storytelling or real scares, but at least it was well-directed, suspenseful, and visually interesting, with solid acting by William Hurt and very impressive special effects for a mini-series.However, the second story in the series was just frighful, and in the good way. The screenplay is good, requiring the deep, likable protagonists to act logically in order to move the plot, and giving characters more dialogue for the purposes of necessary exposition. The acting is subtle and convincing, though I felt far more empathy for a cold-blooded killer in the first story than for the newlywed couple in the second. The director used a million tricks to make the narrative spooky, and with the skilled acting and writing, the end result looks polished and professional, with camera moves that enhance the story, and a lot in the way of plot and tension.If the rest of the series continues like this, I'll be very pleased. I look forward to William H. Macy's installment, and hope he gets a decent director and screenwriter for his segment. So far the quality is consistent, so it seems likely.	1	So far Nightmares and Dreamscapes has been erratic and disappointing. The first segment, directed by Brian Henson, may have offered little in the way of groundbreaking storytelling or real scares, but at least it was well-directed, suspenseful, and visually interesting, with solid acting by William Hurt and very impressive special effects for a mini-series.However, the second story in the series was just dreadful, and not in the good way. The screenplay is bad, requiring the shallow, unlikable protagonists to act illogically in order to move the plot, and having characters ramble on endlessly for the purposes of clunky, unnecessary exposition. The acting is overdone and unconvincing, and I felt far more empathy for a cold-blooded killer in the first story than for the newlywed couple in the second. The director used a million tricks to try to make the narrative spooky, but with the amateurish acting and writing, the end result looks like a freshman-year film school project, with camera moves for their own sake, and little in the way of plot or tension.If the rest of the series continues like this, I'll be sorely let down. I look forward to William H. Macy's installment, and hope he gets a decent director and screenwriter for his segment. So far the quality is far too inconsistent to predict either way.	0
8116	The only possible way to dislike this flick is to bang your head against the wall, allow some internal hemorrhaging of the brain, let a bunch of your brain cells die and once you are officially mentally retarded, perhaps then you *MIGHT* hate this film.The best part was the story between Raju and Stephanie. Govinda was excellent in the role of the cab driver and so was the Brit girl. Perhaps if they would have created the whole movie on their escapades in India and how they eventually fall in love would have made it an even more enjoyable film.The main reason I gave it a 5 rating is because of Govida and his ability as an actor when it comes to comedy.Juhi Chawla and Anil Kapoor were great supporting actors. Plus the scene at Heathrow of the re-union was just the cherry on top. Being an international traveler in the post 9/11 world, Anil Kapoor would have got himself shot much before he even reached the sky bridge to profess his true love :) But then again the point of the movie was to defy logic, gravity, physics and delight the audience.Watch it at your earliest convenience. At least I know I have been uplifted for life :)	1	The only possible way to enjoy this flick is to bang your head against the wall, allow some internal hemorrhaging of the brain, let a bunch of your brain cells die and once you are officially mentally retarded, perhaps then you *MIGHT* enjoy this film.The only saving grace was the story between Raju and Stephanie. Govinda was excellent in the role of the cab driver and so was the Brit girl. Perhaps if they would have created the whole movie on their escapades in India and how they eventually fall in love would have made it a much more enjoyable film.The only reason I gave it a 3 rating is because of Govida and his ability as an actor when it comes to comedy.Juhi Chawla and Anil Kapoor were wasted needlessly. Plus the scene at Heathrow of the re-union was just too much to digest. Being an international traveler in the post 9/11 world, Anil Kapoor would have got himself shot much before he even reached the sky bridge to profess his true love :) But then again the point of the movie was to defy logic, gravity, physics and throw an egg on the face of the *GENERAL* audience.Watch it at your own peril. At least I know I have been scarred for life :(	0
8120	"Be informed as I was by the 'glowing' reviews quoted on the DVD box. ""Wildly entertaining."", ""a seriously scary freakout."", and the worst of all, ""ON PAR WITH JAWS."" This movie is all of the above. Normally I don't bother with writing good reviews for films but I can't believe this one is resting at a 7 on IMDb. It does deserve better. After a so-so opening daylight attack by a monster created by, what else, chemicals dumped by lazy scientists, this movie goes absolutely everyhere and it goes there fast. Basically and improbably, a girl is snagged by the monster (I'll give them points for a good creature design but this ain't no WETA creation) and her semi-comical family spend an hour-and-a-half tracking her down...in the sewers surrounding the Han river. Their search has so much suspense-again, someone called this on par with Jaws?-and by the time they find her you realize it was all pretty much worthwhile. Other than that, a big bulk of the movie is committed to a government quarantine that culminates in one funny scene involving a guy spitting in a gutter in front of a crowded bus stop. Blech. This was god. I'm not kidding. You want to see a great monster movie? Rent Deep Rising. At least you'll save 30 minutes of your life."	1	"Don't be deceived as I was by the 'glowing' reviews quoted on the DVD box. ""Wildly entertaining."", ""a seriously scary freakout."", and the worst of all, ""ON PAR WITH JAWS."" This movie is none of the above.Normally I don't bother with writing bad reviews for films but I can't believe this one is resting at a comfortable 7 on IMDb. It doesn't deserve it.After a so-so opening daylight attack by a monster created by, what else, chemicals dumped by lazy scientists, this movie goes absolutely nowhere and it goes there sloooowly. Basically and improbably, a girl is snagged by the monster (I'll give them points for a good creature design but this ain't no WETA creation) and her semi-comical family spend an hour-and-a-half tracking her down...in the sewers surrounding the Han river. Their search lacks any suspense-again, someone called this on par with Jaws?-and by the time they find her you realize it was all pretty much pointless. Other than that, a big bulk of the movie is committed to a government quarantine that culminates in one funny scene involving a guy spitting in a gutter in front of a crowded bus stop.Blech. This was bad. I'm not kidding. You want to see a rotten monster movie? Rent Deep Rising. At least you'll save 30 minutes of your life."	0
8121	"This is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Jessica Simpson not only lacks any acting skill, but the script is incredibly shallow and lame. You actually hear serious dialogue that goes, ""I love you more."" ""No, I love YOU more."" I stopped watching the movie (online) after the first half hour, I couldn't take it anymore. Her ""southern girl charm"" just doesn't work and is really quite annoying; her attempts at slapstick humor fall flat and she delivers lines like she is reading the script right off the page.Poor Luke Wilson. Did he not read the script before agreeing to do this, or did he fall for Papa Joe's (Jessica's dad and also the producer of the movie) promise of big profits? Hopefully he now knows better than to sign on to another movie like this. Luke Wilson is actually a good actor - I hate seeing the pained look on his face as he suffers through the bad dialogue.Also, I think the previous commenter giving this movie an 8 out of 10 was probably either involved in the movie somehow or hired by Papa Joe to give the movie a better rating. No one in their right mind would actually find this movie engaging.Jessica has lots of money, right? Maybe buy some acting lessons?"	0	"This is probably one of the best movies I have ever seen. Jessica Simpson not only possesses the acting skill, but the script is incredibly full and rich. You actually hear serious dialogue that goes, ""I love you more."" ""No, I love YOU more."" I couldn't stop watching the movie (online) after the first half hour. Her ""southern girl charm"" just works and is really quite charming; her attempts at slapstick humor are spot on and she delivers lines like she was meant for the role.Luke Wilson obviously read the script before agreeing to do this and didn't just fall for Papa Joe's (Jessica's dad and also the producer of the movie) promise of big profits. Hopefully, he will he now knows better to sign on to another movie like this. Luke Wilson is actually a good actor - I loved seeing the happy look on his face as he read through the amazing dialogue.Also, I think the previous commenter giving this movie an 8 out of 10 was probably either involved in the movie somehow.  Anyone in their right mind should actually find this movie engaging!Jessica has lots of money, right? Maybe buy me some acting lessons?"	1
8149	A charming boy and his mother move to a middle of nowhere town, cats and death soon follow them. That about sums it up.I'll admit that I am a little freaked out by cats after seeing this movie. But in all seriousness in spite of the numerous things that are wrong with this film, and believe me there is littler of that to go around, it is overall a very enjoyable viewing experience.The characters are not like caricatures here with only their basis instincts to rely on. Fear, greed, pride lust or anger seems to be all that motivate these people. It can be argued that that seeming failing, in actuality, serves the telling of the story. The supernatural premise and the fact that it is a Stephen King screenplay(not that I have anything specific against Mr. King) are quite nicely supported by some interesting FX work, makeup and quite suitable music. The absolute gem of this film is without a doubt Alice Krige who plays Mary Brady, the otherworldly mother.King manages to take a simple story of outsider, or people who are a little different(okay - a lot in this case), trying to fit in and twists it into a campy over the top little horror gem that has to be in the collection of any horror fan.	1	A charming boy and his mother move to a middle of nowhere town, cats and death soon follow them. That about sums it up.I'll admit that I am a little freaked out by cats after seeing this movie. But in all seriousness in spite of the numerous things that are wrong with this film, and believe me there is plenty of that to go around, it is overall a very enjoyable viewing experience.The characters are more like caricatures here with only their basis instincts to rely on. Fear, greed, pride lust or anger seems to be all that motivate these people. Although it can be argued that that seeming failing, in actuality, serves the telling of the story. The supernatural premise and the fact that it is a Stephen King screenplay(not that I have anything specific against Mr. King) are quite nicely supported by some interesting FX work, makeup and quite suitable music. The absolute gem of this film is without a doubt Alice Krige who plays Mary Brady, the otherworldly mother.King manages to take a simple story of outsider, or people who are a little different(okay - a lot in this case), trying to fit in and twists it into a campy over the top little horror gem that has to be in the collection of any horror fan.	0
8154	"This movie deserved a working over on Mystery Science Theater. Even though it has nothing whatever to do with King Solomon it's worth a watch because it is an unintentional laugh-riot. Really! It's worse than ""Destroy All Monsters."" Be sure to check out the following: the cheesy medallion (looks like the Shriners have been here), the obviously polyester Norfolk jacket on ""Allan Quatermain,"" David MaCallum's badly done stutter (which does draw attention away from his even worse acting), the incredibly bad process work on all the ""monsters,"" the monsters themselves - the hand puppet which menaces the little girl, the giant snake that menaces Macallum while he sinks in oatmeal, the red-lighted eyes on the motorized crabs, the amazingly hilarious boat (oh, brother!!) which appears to be made of plywood mounted on an old sand dredge and looks like a leftover from a Jr.Sr. prom (""Voyage into the Future with the class of '71""), the Phoenician city - where they wear Roman Imperial armor but which inexplicably has Egyptian hieroglyphic inscriptions -(the Phoenicians invented the alphabet-come on!),and worst of all, Macallum and Ekland (with her fright wig) playing smoochy-face -oh the horror! The best parts are that the intrepid explorers manage to lose the comic Frenchman ,and the African guy -Snuffleupagus or whatever - evidently chose to die heroically rather than be in any more scenes."	0	"This movie deserved a working over on Mystery Science Theater. Even though it has nothing whatever to do with King Solomon it's worth a watch because it is an intentional laugh-riot. Really! It's much better than ""Destroy All Monsters."" Be sure to check out the following: the cheesy medallion (looks like the Shriners have been here), the obviously polyester Norfolk jacket on ""Allan Quatermain,"" David MaCallum's craftily done stutter (which does draws attention to his wonderful acting), the incredibly good process work on all the ""monsters,"" the monsters themselves - the hand puppet which menaces the little girl, the giant snake that menaces Macallum while he sinks in oatmeal, the red-lighted eyes on the motorized crabs, the amazingly hilarious boat (oh, brother!!) which appears to be made of plywood mounted on an old sand dredge and looks like a leftover from a Jr.Sr. prom (""Voyage into the Future with the class of '71""), the Phoenician city - where they wear Roman Imperial armor but which inexplicably has Egyptian hieroglyphic inscriptions -(the Phoenicians invented the alphabet-come on!),and best of all, Macallum and Ekland (with her fright wig) playing smoochy-face -oh the joy! The best parts are that the intrepid explorers manage to lose the comic Frenchman ,and the African guy -Snuffleupagus or whatever - evidently chose to die heroically rather than be in any more scenes. Yes, a wonderful cheesy, delightful movie"	1
8167	Me and a group of friends rent horrible videos to laugh at them, trust me it has lead to some horribly spent money but also some great laughs. S.I.C.K. is one of the better horror-but-funny movie we've rented. The plot is over-done, the whole take your friends into the woods and never return thing is very old. The goriest part of the movie looks like your visiting the local butcher shop except a little dirtier and with blood on the play dough looking meat. And if anyone has ever been scared of this movie at any time they should stick to Cartoon Network for the rest of their life, it's pathetic. The good aspects of the movie are that the two girls in it are reasonably hot, one better then the other and you see them both naked during the movie. The other good aspect is that this movie is so bad at times that you will laugh till you cry. I don't like watching horrible acting or renting these horrible videos, I don't find that fun but seeing the amount of effort these people put into it and still come out so bad is hilarious and worth renting.Unless you are too mature to laugh at someone's downfalls I would recommend it.If your renting/buying it to laugh at it I'd give it an 8.5.	0	Me and a group of friends rent videos to laugh at them, trust me it has lead to some horribly spent money but also some great laughs. S.I.C.K. is one of the better horror-but-funny movie we've rented. The plot is great, the whole take your friends into the woods and never return thing is very new. The goriest part of the movie looks like your visiting the local butcher shop except a little dirtier and with blood on the play dough looking meat. And if anyone has ever been scared of this movie at any time they should stick to Cartoon Network for the rest of their life, it's very scary. The good aspects of the movie are that the two girls in it are reasonably hot, one better then the other and you see them both naked during the movie. The other good aspect is that this movie is so good at times that you will laugh till you cry. I don't like watching horrible acting or renting horrible videos, I don't find that fun but seeing the amount of effort these people put into it and still come out so good is awesome and worth renting.You shouldn't laugh at someone's downfalls so I would recommend it.If your renting/buying it to enjoy it I'd give it an 10.	1
8206	"THE DECOY is one of those independent productions, made by obvious newcomers, but it doesn't have all the usual flaws that sink most such films. It has a definite story, it has adequate acting, the photography is very good, the hero and the bad guy are both formidable men, and the background music isn't overdone. This is a DVD New Release, so people will be looking here to see if it's worthwhile. I don't know where all the 10's come from, as there's no way this film is that good --- even if you're the filmmaker's mother. The last film we saw at a theater was Warner's trashing of J K Rawlings much-loved and excellent book, Order of the Phoenix. In comparing THE DECOY with PHOENIX, consider that PHOENIX (as made by Warners) had no story, certainly no acting was allowed by the director, the photography was dreadful, and the wall-of-sound overbearing musical score was just a mess. I rated Phoenix a ""1"" because the scale doesn't go any lower. THE DECOY is 4 times better -- in all regards.If you have the opportunity, give THE DECOY a chance. Remember, this isn't ""Decoy 3 -- the Shootout"" or any such nonsense. It's original. If your expectations aren't overblown by the foolish ""10"" scores here, you might just enjoy the film on its own terms."	0	"THE DECOY is one of those independent productions, made by obvious newcomers, but it does have all the usual perfection that rise most such films. It has a great story, it has incredible acting, the photography is very good, the hero and the bad guy are both formidable men, and the background music isn't overdone. This is a DVD New Release, so people will be looking here to see if it's worthwhile. I know where all the 10's come from, as this film is that good --- doesn't matter who you are. The last film we saw at a theater was Warner's trashing of J K Rawlings much-loved and excellent book, Order of the Phoenix. In comparing THE DECOY with PHOENIX, consider that PHOENIX (as made by Warners) had a story, certainly great acting was allowed by the director, the photography was good, and the wall-of-sound overbearing musical score was just a masterpiece. I rated Phoenix a ""10"" because the scale doesn't go any higher. THE DECOY is 4 times better -- in all regards.If you have the opportunity, give THE DECOY a chance. Remember, this isn't ""Decoy 3 -- the Shootout"" or any such nonsense. It's original. If your expectations aren't overblown by the foolish ""10"" scores here, you might just enjoy the film on its own terms."	1
8215	"Unless you are petrified of Russian people or boars, this movie is a snorefest. Actually, I fell asleep about 40 minutes in & had to fight the urge to just leave the theater. I wish I had. A waste of a perfectly lovely Saturday evening.Even ""Silent Hill"" was scarier. Heck, even ""Pan's Labyrinth"" was scarier. I'm still unclear on what was supposed to be scary in this flick.To begin with, I'm very leery of movies that use ""pidgin Russian"" like this one did in the opening credits. It's embarrassing to me since I brought a group of my Russian friends & we all cringed. Oh my god.Hmm. Well, luckily for me (& probably you, too) this movie has already escaped my brain & I just stepped out of it an hour ago. So I have no specifics, just murky visuals that go nowhere & some languishing-now-dead hope that anything would happen.Perhaps I saw a completely mutilated version of this film because I can't believe it got such great reviews here (which is why I saw it) & ended up being so completely devoid of not only Horror or Suspense but Overall Entertainment Value as well.I give it a 2 because, yes, I fell asleep & wanted to leave after 40 minutes but I woke up & didn't leave."	0	"Unless you are petrified of Russian people or boars, this movie is a must see.  Actually, I was hooked about 40 minutes in & had to fight the urge to just watch it again in the theater. I wish I had. A perfectly lovely Saturday evening.Not even ""Silent Hill"" was scarier. Heck, not  even ""Pan's Labyrinth"" was scarier. I'm still scared by what was supposed to be scary in this flick.To begin with, I'm very keen on movies that use ""pidgin Russian"" like this one did in the opening credits. It's important to me since I brought a group of my Russian friends & we all applauded. Oh my god.Hmm. Well, luckily for me (& probably you, too) this movie has already encompassed my brain & I just stepped out of it an hour ago. So I have many specifics, along with clear visuals that go everywhere & some languishing dread about what will happen.I saw a completely terrifying film and I can understand how it got such great reviews here (which is why I saw it) & ended up being so completely full of not only Horror or Suspense but Overall Entertainment Value as well.I give it a 9 because, yes, I was transfixed & wanted to stay for a second show."	1
8217	Paul Naschy made a great number of horror films. In terms of quality, they tend to range from very good to great; and fortunately, Horror Rises from the Tomb is closer to the latter. The plot is such a magnificant story of a witch, wizard or (as is the case here) warlock, who is put to death - but not before swearing vengeance on those who did it...etc etc. We get to see a sance , and soon the executed warlock is ressurrected. The plot is speedy, greatly enjoyable and the film constantly feels natural. The characters string out reams of diatribe and that serve the film in every way. Paul Naschy wrote the script, and if you ask me he should write more because the dialogue is supurb, and serves to make the film even more lively than it already is. Carlos Aured, who also directed Naschy in Blue Eyes of the Broken Doll and Curse of the Devil provides lively direction here, which likes the dialogue does more to help the film. Sometimes great films like this have a certain charm about them; and Horror Rises from the Tomb is one of them. This is a gratefully supurb film that has it all in the way of interest.	1	Paul Naschy made a great number of horror films. In terms of quality, they tend to range from fairly good to unwatchable trash; and unfortunately, Horror Rises from the Tomb is closer to the latter. The plot is just your average story of a witch, wizard or (as is the case here) warlock, who is put to death - but not before swearing vengeance on those who did it...etc etc. We then get a sance and one thing leads to another, and pretty soon the executed warlock is up to no good again. The plot is slow, painfully boring and the film constantly feels pointless. The characters string out reams of diatribe and it never serves the film in any way whatsoever. Paul Naschy wrote the script, and if you ask me he should stick to acting because the dialogue is trite in the extreme, and only serves to make the film even more boring than it already is. Carlos Aured, who also directed Naschy in Blue Eyes of the Broken Doll and Curse of the Devil provides dull direction here, which likes the dialogue does nothing to help the film. Sometimes crap films like this have a certain charm about them; but Horror Rises from the Tomb doesn't even have that. This is a painfully boring film that has little or nothing in the way of interest.	0
8221	"I was so excited when I discovered this was available! I couldn't wait to see it! It's kind of like that rarities CD by your favorite band you found in the back of the rack at your local music store. Being a hard core fan you were certain that it was a valuable discovery. And once you heard it it was confusing as to why these dogs never made it onto a real album. This DVD is only recommended for 'completionists' who must have everything Lynch has done. ""Six Men Getting Sick"" is very visually interesting but short. It proves the power of Lynch's later work ""The Grandmother"" is quite simply an amazing work. It's exciting and looks like a professional film. But it was the 70's...It's especially interesting if you hope to psychoanalyze the director. But you can see, briefly, the seeds of some of his trademark images and sounds. ""The Alpahabet"" is unforgettable (No really! I can't get it out of my head!) ""The Amputee"" is meaningful. ""The Cowboy and the Frenchman"" is just plain silly. ""Lumiere"" is the most  worthwhile one in the bunch. Without dialog Lynch tells a disturbing tale comparable with his best work. I had to watch this one several times. But it runs less than 2 minutes. Definitely worth the trouble of renting or buying the DVD!"	1	"I was so excited when I discovered this was available! I couldn't wait to see it. What a waste of energy! It's kind of like that rarities CD by your favorite band you found in the back of the rack at your local music store. Being a hard core fan you were certain that it was a valuable discovery. But once you heard it it became obvious why these dogs never made it onto a real album. This DVD is only recommended for 'completionists' who must have everything Lynch has done. ""Six Men Getting Sick"" is somewhat visually interesting but short and repetitive. It lacks the power of Lynch's later work ""The Grandmother"" is quite simply an immature work. It's tedious and looks like a student film. But it was the 70's...It's interesting only if you hope to psychoanalyze the director. But you can see, briefly, the seeds of some of his trademark images and sounds. ""The Alpahabet"" is forgettable (No really! I can't remember this one at all!) ""The Amputee"" is pointless. ""The Cowboy and the Frenchman"" is just plain silly. ""Lumiere"" is the only worthwhile one in the bunch. Without dialog Lynch tells a disturbing tale comparable with his best work. I had to watch this one several times. But it runs less than 2 minutes. Hardly worth the trouble of renting or buying the DVD."	0
8230	"After having seen the Canadian/Icelandic/British 2004 production of ""Beowulf & Grendel,"" which I thought brilliant and stunning, I approached this--the first of 3 newer Beowulf movies due out this year--with trepidation. As soon as I heard ""Viking"" and saw the horned helmets, I groaned. These were Migration Era Swedes and Danes, not Vikings (they came later). And even the Vikings never wore horns on their helmets (horns make it easy for your enemy to knock your helmet off and then brain you). Then there's Hrolfgar's palace, which looks like a set for a movie about Greece or Rome, not 6th-century Denmark. The swords and armor look like props left over from earlier films set in various historic periods. I spotted weapons that might have been used by Crusaders in ""Kingdom of Heaven,"" and one character was even wielding a Windlass Steelcrafts reproduction movie sword from ""Beowulf & Grendel""! Beyond the basic plot of the original epic poem, the writing was dismal and the acting totally wooden and unconvincing. The biggest yuk was a secret-weapon crossbow, complete with sighting scope and exploding projectiles, that looked like something bought from Iraqi insurgents. The special-effects monster and his mom were so on steroids that Beowulf could never have torn off an arm, as he did in the poem. Thank the gods for bazooka crossbows! I could go on, but I won't."	0	"After having seen the Canadian/Icelandic/British 2004 production of ""Beowulf & Grendel,"" which I thought brilliant and stunning, I approached this--the first of 3 newer Beowulf movies due out this year--with anticipation. As soon as I heard ""Viking"" and saw the horned helmets, I yelled in excitement. These were Migration Era Swedes and Danes, not Vikings (they came later). And even the Vikings never wore horns on their helmets (horns make it easy for your enemy to knock your helmet off and then brain you). Then there's Hrolfgar's palace, which looks like a set for a movie about Greece or Rome, not 6th-century Denmark. The swords and armor look like props left over from earlier films set in various historic periods. I spotted weapons that might have been used by Crusaders in ""Kingdom of Heaven,"" and one character was even wielding a Windlass Steelcrafts reproduction movie sword from ""Beowulf & Grendel""! Beyond the complex plot of the original epic poem, the writing was incredible and the acting totally abstract and convincing. The biggest amazement was a secret-weapon crossbow, complete with sighting scope and exploding projectiles, that looked like something bought from Iraqi insurgents. The special-effects monster and his mom were so on steroids that Beowulf could never have torn off an arm, as he did in the poem. Thank the gods for bazooka crossbows! I could go on if I could."	1
8235	"My Name is Modesty is a low-budget film that tells the story of the origins of Modesty Blaise. It's not that the movie is perfect, it's just it exceeded my expectations. While I've been aware of the Modesty Blaise character for years, I'm not overly familiar with the comic strips or the graphic novels, so I'm coming into this movie as something as an outsider. That may be part of the reason for my surprising satisfaction. I was expecting more action and more comedy. The film is dialogue driven. I suppose I was looking for something with a not that much camp value. As it is, My Name is Modesty is a deathly serious film. There are very few, if any, ""light"" moments. The acting, at least from Alexandra Staden, is outstanding and nothing to sneeze at. As others have commented, she does appear a little too frail to be completely believable in the title role. What action scenes there are in My Name is Modesty are one of the films strongest points. I never bought into the notion that this woman could handle a band of trained killers.I really hope Quentin Tarantino goes ahead and makes the rumored a big budget film based on the Modesty Blaise character. I'm convinced the concept has a lot of potential and I would very much look forward to it."	1	"My Name is Modesty is a low-budget film that tells the story of the origins of Modesty Blaise. It's not that the movie is terrible, it's just not what I was expecting or hoping for. While I've been aware of the Modesty Blaise character for years, I'm not overly familiar with the comic strips or the graphic novels, so I'm coming into this movie as something as an outsider. That may be part of the reason for my disappointment. I was expecting more action and more comedy. The film is dialogue driven. I suppose I was looking for something with a little more camp value. As it is, My Name is Modesty is a deathly serious film. There are very few, if any, ""light"" moments. The acting, at least from Alexandra Staden, is acceptable but nothing outstanding. As others have commented, she does appear a little too frail to be completely believable in the title role. What action scenes there are in My Name is Modesty are one of the films weakest points. I never bought into the notion that this woman could handle a band of trained killers.I really hope Quentin Tarantino goes ahead and makes the rumored a big budget film based on the Modesty Blaise character. I'm convinced the concept has a lot of potential and I would very much look forward to it."	0
8249	I'm sure that Operations Dames was a favorite at the drive-ins back in the day. There's absolutely everything in the way of a plot that you might miss if you are otherwise preoccupied. And if you needed to get in the mood for other activities you did have some curvaceous cuties on screen to get you in the mood.Otherwise there is a a whole lot that Operations Dames has going for it. It's set in the Korean War where a platoon of GIs together with a British tommy gets a little too far forward and has to get back to the UN lines. Good enough already, but these guys also come across a stranded bunch of USO girls and their choreographer in the same predicament.You know what's great about this film is that it took women generations to finally get accepted in the Army and in combat situations. These babes from the USO advance women's liberation by light years. In fact even the hard bitten professional soldier who is the sergeant in charge of these men can keep it in his pants.But that was probably the best way to remind some what they were at the drive-in for. This big name cast is well recognized by me for their individual effort.Operations Dames is definitely a team win.	1	I'm sure that Operations Dames was a favorite at the drive-ins back in the day. There's absolutely nothing in the way of a plot that you might miss if you were otherwise preoccupied. And if you needed to get in the mood for other activities you did have some curvaceous cuties on screen to get you in the mood.Otherwise there ain't a whole lot that Operations Dames has going for it. It's set in the Korean War where a platoon of GIs together with a British tommy gets a little too far forward and has to get back to the UN lines. Bad enough already, but these guys also come across a stranded bunch of USO girls and their choreographer in the same predicament.You know what's sad about this film is that it took women generations to finally get accepted in the Army and in combat situations. These bimbos from the USO set women's liberation back light years. In fact not even the hard bitten professional soldier who is the sergeant in charge of these men can keep it in his pants.But that was probably the better to remind some what they were at the drive-in for. This no name cast is better off with me not recognizing any of them for any individual effort.Operations Dames is definitely a team flop.	0
8254	"Mike Brady (Michael Garfield who had a minuscule part in the classic ""The Warriors"") is the first person in the community to realize that there's murderous slugs in his small town. Not just any slugs, mind you, but carnivorous killer bigger then normal, mutated by toxic waste slugs (who still only go as fast as a normal slug, which isn't that frightening, but I digress). No one will believe him at first, but they will. Oh yes, they will.OK, killer slugs are right above psychotic sloths and right below Johnathon Winters as Mork's baby in the creepiness factor. So the absurdness of it all is quite apparent from the get go. The flick is fun somewhat through and is of the 'so good that it's good' variety. I appreciate that they spelled out that this was Slugs: the Movie as opposed to Slugs: the Children's Game or Slugs: the Other White Meat. Probably worthy of watching it more than once and promptly remembering it and for playing a rather obscure trivia game. Director Juan Piquer Simn is more widely known for his previous films ""Pod People"" (which MST3K deservedly lauded) and ""Peices"" (which is quite possibly the funnest movie ever made) Eye Candy: Kari Rose shows T&A My Grade: B+ DVD Extras: Merely a theatrical trailer for this movie"	1	"Mike Brady (Michael Garfield who had a minuscule part in the classic ""The Warriors"") is the first person in the community to realize that there's murderous slugs in his small town. Not just any slugs, mind you, but carnivorous killer bigger then normal, mutated by toxic waste slugs (who still only go as fast as a normal slug, which isn't that frightening, but I digress). No one will believe him at first, but they will. Oh yes, they will.OK, killer slugs are right above psychotic sloths and right below Johnathon Winters as Mork's baby in the creepiness factor. So the absurdness of it all is quite apparent from the get go. The flick is fun somewhat through and is of the 'so bad that it's good' variety. I appreciate that they spelled out that this was Slugs: the Movie as opposed to Slugs: the Children's Game or Slugs: the Other White Meat. Probably not worthy of watching it more than once and promptly forgetting it except for playing a rather obscure trivia game. Director Juan Piquer Simn is more widely known for his previous films ""Pod People"" (which MST3K deservedly mocked) and ""Peices"" (which is quite possibly the funnest bad movie ever made) Eye Candy: Kari Rose shows T&A My Grade: D+ DVD Extras: Merely a theatrical trailer for this movie"	0
8270	"this movie was everything, it was very good. the acting ACTUALLY was pretty good! jeffrey combs did a pretty darn good job as the mad scientist, which is sort of his specialty if you don't know such things :D. bill forsythe .. well, i'm not EXACTLY sure why he was in this film. he's way too good for this kinda stuff, and his role wasn't exactly demanding. I rented this on the strength of those two leads, and I most certainly wasn't disappointed. I mean, heck, it's a movie about a half man/half shark. It ain't Shakespeare folks. Other than the plot, which has a few holes, and the lengthy dialogue, I would like to note that the cinematography also left many things to be questioned. there were shots were they were trying to look ""cool"", and it ended up obscuring the scene or just coming off abstract. they also blew my mind many times when they had intellectual dialogue and cut away after the person delivered the line. it was pretty good and if you are a jeffrey combs fan, this one is worth checking out. he gives a great performance and does what he can with the character. forsythe is good too and so is the female lead. heck if i can remember her name though. bottom line, i would watch this every time."	1	"this movie wasn't absolutely atrocious, but it was pretty bad. the acting ACTUALLY was pretty good! jeffrey combs did a pretty darn good job as the mad scientist, which is sort of his specialty if you don't know such things :D. bill forsythe .. well, i'm not EXACTLY sure why he was in this film. he's way too good for this kinda stuff, and his role wasn't exactly demanding. I rented this on the strength of those two leads, and I wasn't really disappointed. I mean, heck, it's a movie about a half man/half shark. It ain't Shakespeare folks. Other than the plot, which is full of holes, and the poor dialogue, I would like to note that the cinematography also left many things to be desired. there were shots were they were trying to look ""cool"", but it ended up obscuring the scene or just coming off plain cheezy. they also blew it many times when they had decent dialogue and cut away prematurely before the person could even deliver the line. it was pretty bad. but if you are a jeffrey combs fan, this one is worth checking out. he gives a great performance and does what he can with the character. forsythe ain't bad either, and either is the female lead. heck if i can remember her name though. bottom line, i wouldn't otherwise waste your time."	0
8272	"This program is really underrated. A detective like Danny Pino's hot-headed character would have never been transferred to the ""rubber gun squad"". The whole squad is made up of sanctimonious egomaniacs who judge people whose actions go back decades by the standards of 2007. Every Vietnam veteran character they've ever had has turned out to be the killer, unless it was another Vietnam veteran. There has only been one black murderer, and he was put up to it by his white boss. The only Hispanic killer was a ""race traitor"" who killed another Hispanic to frame a Hispanic street kid for a crime that (naturally) two rich white kids committed. What a bunch of revelations. Hey,screenwriters: minorities and poor people commit murder too. Only on this show are most murderers upper-class whites.What's more, the arrests of people in their 70s, 80s, and 90s for crimes they committed 50-60 years ago are a joke. No real-life DA will push for murder one because it means the state will be stuck with their humongous medical bills until they finally kick. The state would be doing their families and insurance companies a favor. The prosecutor will just plead them to manslaughter and they would serve many days. The only really old criminals who go to prison are either organized crime figures or ex-Nazis, whose high-profile convictions boost DA's careers."	1	"This program is really overrated. A detective like Danny Pino's hot-headed character would have been transferred to the ""rubber gun squad"" years ago. The whole squad is made up of sanctimonious egomaniacs who judge people whose actions go back decades by the standards of 2007. Every Vietnam veteran character they've ever had has turned out to be the killer, unless it was another Vietnam veteran. There has only been one black murderer, and he was put up to it by his white boss. The only Hispanic killer was a ""race traitor"" who killed another Hispanic to frame a Hispanic street kid for a crime that (naturally) two rich white kids committed. What a bunch of propaganda. Hey,screenwriters: minorities and poor people commit murder too. Only on this show are most murderers upper-class whites.What's more, the arrests of people in their 70s, 80s, and 90s for crimes they committed 50-60 years ago are a joke. No real-life DA will push for murder one because it means the state will be stuck with their humongous medical bills until they finally kick. The state would be doing their families and insurance companies a favor. The prosecutor will just plead them to involuntary manslaughter and they won't serve a day. The only really old criminals who go to prison are either organized crime figures or ex-Nazis, whose high-profile convictions boost DA's careers."	0
8277	"Andrewjlau, I could not agree more. My girlfriend is watching this at this very moment, and I find this movie appalling. Quote from my Chinese girlfriend, laughing: ""They are doing all this for a man!?"" I find these women have no intensity, no sense of the a fight between tragedy and identity, and that these men are hardly worth fighting for. During the dance scene where Zhang Zi Yi wins them over, the men look stupid more than admiring.Japanese people have much more intensity than Chinese people, and being geisha is Japanese culture. I am sure the Chinese had something similar, but the faces do not match the main.Anyway, the dialogue is so unmysterious, so American. Had a European done it with European orientals, they would have done a far better job.I have to add: it seems most of the people who liked the film are American. Sorry to say, but no wonder. All spelt out for you, not instinctive, not passionate. I think the Chinese actresses are lovely, but I could not say they were good actors in this film. Yes, the cinematography is great, but really, I cannot see how it can be seen that these characters are complex, deep individuals.I'm going to Japan to see the real thing. I am sure that would be amazing to see."	0	"Andrewjlau, I could not agree more. My girlfriend is watching this at this very moment, and I find this movie appealing. Quote from my Chinese girlfriend, laughing: ""They are doing all this for a man!?"" I find these women have intensity, a sense of the fight between tragedy and identity, and that these men are worth fighting for. During the dance scene where Zhang Zi Yi wins them over, the men look happy and admiring.Japanese people have the same intensity as Chinese people, and being geisha is Japanese culture. I am sure the Chinese had something similar, and the faces match the main.Anyway, the dialogue is so mysterious, in a good way, so American. Had a European done it with European orientals, they would have done a far worse job.I have to add: it seems most of the people who liked the film are American.  All spelt out for you, instinctive and passionate. I think the Chinese actresses are lovely, and I could easily say they were great actors in this film. Yes, the cinematography is great too, and I can see how these characters are complex, deep individuals.I'm going to Japan to see the real thing. I am sure that would be amazing to see."	1
8279	"I saw this film for the first time not too long on TCM's ""Essentials"" series. The eye of the beholder clich was never more apropos. This beholder saw little of value in this one. I was puzzled by the infinite attraction that Lucy (Lauren Bacall) possessed. Granted, Ms. Bacall was a beautiful woman, but in this film her character comes off more mousy than attractive. I would think men like Mitch Wayne and Kyle Hadley would more likely ignore Lucy than fall into an instant infatuation with her. In Bacall's defense, this film was made at the time of Humphrey Bogart's last illness and the weight of his deteriorating health may have affected her performance. Of course part of this mousiness on the part of Lucy was to contrast her to slutty Marylee, played to the hilt and beyond by Dorothy Malone. The scene where she engages in a wildly sensual dance while her father wearily climbs the stairs to a fatal heart attack is far and away the best scene in the film. Malone's performance outshines the rest, although Jasper Hadley's weariness at the disappointing behavior of his two children is brilliantly portrayed by Robert Keith. Generally, though, I would have to say that I'm just not much of a fan of melodrama. The cartoonish behavior of the characters just makes for a story too implausible for my tastes."	0	"I saw this film for the first time not too long on TCM's ""Essentials"" series. The eye of the beholder maxim was never more apropos. This beholder saw much value in this one. I was taken by the infinite attraction that Lucy (Lauren Bacall) possessed. Granted, Ms. Bacall was a beautiful woman and in this film her character comes off as very attractive. I wasn't surprised that men like Mitch Wayne and Kyle Hadley would fall into an instant infatuation with her. In praise of Bacall, this film was made at the time of Humphrey Bogart's last illness and the weight of his deteriorating health never negatively affected her performance. Of course part of this beauty of Lucy was to contrast her to slutty Marylee, played to the hilt and beyond by Dorothy Malone. The scene where she engages in a wildly sensual dance while her father wearily climbs the stairs to a fatal heart attack is far and away the best scene in the film. Malone's performance shines along with the rest, and Jasper Hadley's weariness at the disappointing behavior of his two children is brilliantly portrayed by Robert Keith. Generally, I would have to say that I'm just a fan of melodrama. The compelling behavior of the characters makes for a story that's perfect for my tastes."	1
8285	"I am a Catholic taught in parochial elementary schools by nuns, taught by Jesuit priests in high school & college. I am still a practicing Catholic but would not be considered a ""good Catholic"" in the church's eyes because I don't believe certain things or act certain ways just because the church tells me to.So back to the movie...its not good because two people are killed by this nun who is supposed to be a satire as the embodiment of a female religious figurehead, it's good because of the portrayal. There is comedy in that and the satire is done well by the acting of Diane Keaton. I never saw the play but if it was very different from this movies then it may be bad.At first I thought the gun might be a fake and the first shooting all a plan by the female lead of the four former students as an attempt to demonstrate Sister Mary's emotional and intellectual bigotry of faith. But it turns out the bullets were real and the story has tragedy...the tragedy of loss of life (besides the two former students...the lives of the aborted babies, the life of the student's mom), the tragedy of dogmatic authority over love of people, the tragedy of organized religion replacing true faith in God. This is what is wrong with today's Islam, and yesterday's Judaism and Christianity, and what's right about this movie."	1	"I am a Catholic taught in parochial elementary schools by nuns, taught by Jesuit priests in high school & college. I am still a practicing Catholic but would not be considered a ""good Catholic"" in the church's eyes because I don't believe certain things or act certain ways just because the church tells me to.So back to the movie...its bad because two people are killed by this nun who is supposed to be a satire as the embodiment of a female religious figurehead. There is no comedy in that and the satire is not done well by the over acting of Diane Keaton. I never saw the play but if it was very different from this movies then it may be good.At first I thought the gun might be a fake and the first shooting all a plan by the female lead of the four former students as an attempt to demonstrate Sister Mary's emotional and intellectual bigotry of faith. But it turns out the bullets were real and the story has tragedy...the tragedy of loss of life (besides the two former students...the lives of the aborted babies, the life of the student's mom), the tragedy of dogmatic authority over love of people, the tragedy of organized religion replacing true faith in God. This is what is wrong with today's Islam, and yesterday's Judaism and Christianity."	0
8305	"This movie in away was super-clever. It's theme rhymes with every single horror movie ever made. Valentine makes ZERO attempt to be original. What is valentine anyway? It's a bunch of people giving each other the same lame messages that were given to the same people a year earlier. There is nothing bad in Valentine. I only saw it once, and in that one viewing here are some of the films it references off. 1.Prom Night 2.Carrie 3.Scream 4.Any other horror movie in which somebody is killing somebody.I know there is more, but my mind was slowly turning into a puddle of silk so it couldn't grab them as fast as they came.Valentine had every chance of being a good movie. How come every horror movie has to have a ""suprise"" killer, people you don't care about because their emotions take a turn every other scene. One minute a nice girl turns into an evil B--ch, then she's an insecure woman, and so on and son on.Normally any horror movie (in my book) can be saved by gore, once again Valentine has this. It was as if they tried to make it PG-13 but failed, so they left the edit. Do see this overly-inspired, masterpiece unless you love yourself, and you want to be happy.*3 (3) -J.Leonard Rollins-"	1	"This movie in away was super-clever. It's theme rhymes with every single horror movie ever made. Valentine makes ZERO attempt to be original. What is valentine anyway? It's a bunch of people giving each other the same lame messages that were given to the same people a year earlier. There is nothing original in Valentine. I only saw it once, and in that one viewing here are some of the films it ripped off. 1.Prom Night 2.Carrie 3.Scream 4.Any other horror movie in which somebody is killing somebody.I know there is more, but my mind was slowly turning into a puddle of silk so it couldn't grab them as fast as they came.Valentine had no chance of being a good movie. How come every horror movie has to have a ""suprise"" killer, people you don't care about because their emotions take a turn every other scene. One minute a nice girl turns into an evil B--ch, then she's an insecure woman, and so on and son on.Normally any horror movie (in my book) can be saved by gore, once again Valentine doesn't have this. It was as if they tried to make it PG-13 but failed, so they left the edit. Do not see this overly-inspired, rip-off unless you hate yourself, and you want to die.*1/2 (3) -J.Leonard Rollins-"	0
8327	"Tom is listening to one of those old-time radio broadcasts, something kids from the 1950s to today would watch on TV. However, they didn't television when this cartoon was made so people got their entertainment - from comedies to music to scary stories - from the radio. Tom is literally shaking in his boots listening to some story about the ""phantom."" He's actually literally doing everything the narrator is saying, such as ""hair standing on end, icy chills race down her spine, her heart beats in her throat,"" etc. Jerry, meanwhile, is watching Tom and laughing his butt off at his scaredy- cat antics.We then get a taste of what we will see for many years after this 194- cartoon in which Jerry tortures Tom for no reason other than sadistic pleasure. If the cat asks for trouble, that's one thing, but when he's minding own business and Jerry is physically (and in this case, mentally) abusing him, I have a hard time rooting for the ""little guy.""These early T&M efforts also were a minute longer than all that followed. Sometimes that one minute makes a difference. It did here as this actually dragged for awhile. It could have been cut to five minutes without missing anything because the sketches went on too long. That's usual for Tom and Jerry's. Usually, they are much faster-paced."	0	"Tom is listening to one of those old-time radio broadcasts, something kids from the 1950s to today would watch on TV. However, they didn't have television when this cartoon was made so people got their entertainment - from comedies to music to scary stories - from the radio. Tom is literally shaking in his boots listening to some story about the ""phantom."" He's actually literally doing everything the narrator is saying, such as ""hair standing on end, icy chills race down her spine, her heart beats in her throat,"" etc. Jerry, meanwhile, is watching Tom and laughing his butt off at his scaredy- cat antics.We then get a taste of what we will see for many years after this 194- cartoon in which Jerry tortures Tom for no reason other than sadistic pleasure. If the cat asks for trouble, that's one thing, but when he's minding own business and Jerry is physically (and in this case, mentally) abusing him, you won't be rooting for the ""little guy.""These early T&M efforts also were a minute longer than all that followed. Sometimes that one minute makes a difference. It did here as this actually enhanced the story. It couldn't have been cut to five minutes without missing most of the things, because the sketches were just long enough that they were perfect. That's unusual for Tom and Jerry's. This one is delightfully paced."	1
8342	"Nothing like a movie about a group of friends who not only all dislike each other to the point of loathing, but they have little to no redeeming qualities to make a typical *audience* like or empathize with any of the characters either. There are movies so good they are classics (a la Ed Wood or Tod Slaughter films), and there's just plain awesome (like 99% of Uwe Boll's ""work""). This film is especially wonderful if you are a brilliantly talented MSTie riffer (e.g., Mystery Science Theatre 3000). Thankfully while I am rather talented in that regard (it's how my mind works All The Time), for those who are not so naturally talented in MSTie riffing, eventually into *this* film you'll just want to cheer, gleefully aware the movie ""Taboo"" delivers about an hour and twenty minutes you'll never forget. Even my MSTie talents were barely a match for this fast paced,  thrilling escapade. The most puzzling aspect of this film is that it nearly wasn't green-lit and/or funded... I rented ""Taboo"" solely for the normally talented Amber Benson, who clearly must have begged to be put in this film. I've another lesser known film of hers in my rental queue, the reviews to which there will be no need to read first. Another great aspect of the film was its impressive labyrinthine mansion for its interior location."	1	"Nothing like a movie about a group of friends who not only all dislike each other to the point of loathing, but they have little to no redeeming qualities to make an *audience* like or empathize with any of the characters either. There are movies so bad they are good (a la Ed Wood or Tod Slaughter films), and there's just plain bad (like 99% of Uwe Boll's ""work""). This film is barely tolerable even if you are a brilliantly talented MSTie riffer (e.g., Mystery Science Theatre 3000). Thankfully while I am rather talented in that regard (it's how my mind works All The Time), for those who are not so naturally talented in MSTie riffing, eventually into *this* film you'll just want to pull your own head off, painfully aware the movie ""Taboo"" robs you of about an hour and twenty minutes you'll never get back. Even my MSTie talents were barely a match for this slow paced, boring waste of time. The most puzzling aspect of this film is that *someone* green-lit and/or funded it... I rented ""Taboo"" solely for the normally talented Amber Benson, who clearly must have been blackmailed into doing this film. I've another lesser known film of hers in my rental queue, the reviews to which I'd better read first. Ironically the best aspect of the film was its impressive labyrinthine mansion for its interior location."	0
8356	"Occasionally one is served a new entre from foreign films. That is their great repulsion. They take from life and serve it up adulterated. American films rarely dare to touch the forbidden subjects of society. Too many hang-ups and a morbid fear of financial failure. The Almighty dollar determines their selections. Something which invites European directors. In addition, audiences worldwide remain hungry for ""different"" films, especially those which offer a savory bite out of the wretched, suffering body of humanity. Despite the fear of directors or producers, many audiences yearn for beauty, poetry, and the pristine flavor of life. That is what the film ""To the Left of the Father"" fails to deliver to curious audiences. A family locked in the belief that unity of family stems from the unity of it's obedience to tradition. Yet when the patriarch of a family forgets it's members are flesh and blood humans, filled with raging, unbridled dreams and dark passions, then the two are set in motions against itself. Selton Mello plays Andr a son who seeks to control his inner passions with the stagnant philosophy of his father. Raul Cortez plays his Father. Simone Spoladore is Ana a young woman who seeks to quench a forbidden thirst from the family waters. Leonardo Medeiros is Pedro, the elder brother. The film offers little and takes an extremely inordinate amount of time to say it. ***"	1	"Occasionally one is served a new entre from foreign films. That is their great attraction. They take from life and serve it up raw. American films, rarely dare to touch the forbidden subjects of society. Too many hang-ups and a morbid fear of financial failure. The Almighty dollar, determines their selections. Something which invites European directors. In addition, audiences world wide remain hungry for ""different"" films, especially those which offer a savory bite out of the wretched, suffering body of humanity. Despite the fear of directors or producers, many audiences yearn for beauty, poetry, and the pristine flavor of life. That is what the film ""To the Left of the Father"" offers to curious audiences. A family locked in the belief that unity of family stems from the unity of it's obedience to tradition. Yet when the patriarch of a family forgets it's members are flesh and blood humans, filled with raging, unbridled dreams and dark passions, then the two are set in motions against itself. Selton Mello plays Andr a son who seeks to control his inner passions with the stagnant philosophy of his father. Raul Cortez plays his Father. Simone Spoladore is Ana a young woman who seeks to quench a forbidden thirst from the family waters. Leonardo Medeiros is Pedro, the elder brother. The film offers much, but does takes an extremely inordinate amount of time to say it. ***"	0
8359	Goodnight, Mister Tom begins in an impossibly exquisite village in the south of England where the sun always seems to shine. Before we have much idea of the period we hear a radio announcement of the declaration of World War II. Soon a train blowing clouds of steam brings refugee children from London and when shy little William is billeted with reluctant, gruff old Tom (who you just know will turn out to have a heart of gold) our tale begins.And what a glorious tale it is. In fact it's just the old odd-couple buddy formula. Aren't any better stories being written?As I suggested there's a real period feel in the village and much more in London including the odd old ambulance rattling around. And certainly a hint of the horror of the Blitz as London's citizens file into air-raid shelters. Even when the local schoolteacher's husband is declared missing presumed killed, he is later restored to life.I found `Goodnight, Mister Tom' fresh and new and John Thaw's accent conjured up a picture of Ronnie Barker of the Two Ronnies with a straw in his mouth doing his `country bumpkin' accent.Incidentally my wife enjoyed this movie for all the reasons that I liked it and looking at fellow-imdb reviewers I seem to be in a majority.	1	Goodnight, Mister Tom begins in an impossibly exquisite village in the south of England where the sun always seems to shine. Before we have much idea of the period we hear a radio announcement of the declaration of World War II. Soon a train blowing clouds of steam brings refugee children from London and when shy little William is billeted with reluctant, gruff old Tom (who you just know will turn out to have a heart of gold) our tale begins.And what a load of sentimental claptrap it is. In fact it's just the old odd-couple buddy formula. Aren't any new stories being written?As I suggested there's hardly any period feel in the village and not much more in London apart from the odd old ambulance rattling around. And certainly no hint of the horror of the Blitz as London's citizens file politely into air-raid shelters. Even when the local schoolteacher's husband is declared missing presumed killed, he is later restored to life.I found `Goodnight, Mister Tom' cliched and obvious and John Thaw's accent conjured up a picture of Ronnie Barker of the Two Ronnies with a straw in his mouth doing his `country bumpkin' accent.Incidentally my wife enjoyed this movie for all the reasons that I disliked it and looking at fellow-imdb reviewers I seem to be in a minority of one.	0
8377	"I put this movie on in the hotel room to entertain my children the morning we were leaving to go home, because I had packed away all their toys. (Toddlers don't like to watch ""Regis and KAthie Lee"" or ""The View."") Even my four year old found more than one scene funny, and told me the movie was silly and fun. This is a FOUR YEAR OLD, folks. Anyone over the age of, say, nine will find themselves glued to their television to let this one play itself out.No one can  say this movie is anything but well done. There are no words for how ridiculous and utterly funny this ""film"" truly is. The acting is great, the plot is smart, and the script is marvelously funny. Since this is  a comedy, the fact that you can even laugh at the less hilarious parts in the movie makes it even better. Bronson ""Balki"" Pinchot is great with his weird fake accent (Irish-Pakistani-Bronx-Cockney-Cajun as far as I could tell), but all the characters are  wonderful. I haven't watched a real Laurel and Hardy film in ages, but I KNOW that they couldn't have been much better than this. I definitely see the point of portraying  a classic comic duo with... this.Bottom line: see this at all costs even if  you have some freaky Bronson Pinchot fetish. 2/10"	1	"I put this movie on in the hotel room to entertain my children the morning we were leaving to go home, because I had packed away all their toys. (Toddlers don't like to watch ""Regis and KAthie Lee"" or ""The View."") My four year old found one scene funny, but told me the rest of it was ""too silly."" This is a FOUR YEAR OLD, folks. Anyone over the age of, say, nine will want to kill their television rather than let this one play itself out.To say this movie is bad is like saying the Holocaust was a little mistake. There are no words for how ridiculous and utterly terrible this ""film"" truly is. The acting is bad, the plot is stupid, and the script is pathetically unfunny. Since this is supposed to be a comedy, the fact that you cannot even laugh at the badness of the movie makes it even worse. Bronson ""Balki"" Pinchot is the worst with some weird fake accent (Irish-Pakistani-Bronx-Cockney-Cajun as far as I could tell), but all the characters are awful. I haven't watched a real Laurel and Hardy film in ages, but I KNOW that they HAD to be way better than this. What is the point of ruining a classic comic duo with... this?Bottom line: derivative garbage. Avoid at all costs unless you have some freaky Bronson Pinchot fetish. 2/10"	0
8381	86 glorious minutes of my life. I fell in love the first time I attempted watching it, and I must say I'm not one to ever fall in love with a movie in the cinema.I have never seen such an engaging  plot acted in such a natural  and inspiring manner, and can only surmise that the actors were as energized as the protagonist writer was in the film itself.Everything in this adaptation is subtly acted . And if it isn't the nuanced acting, almost as though you can see the character's thoughts, then the set itself, which is perfectly lit  and never, interfering in utterly unnecessary ways, realistically dressed to an unimaginable extent, is enough to get you excited about the entire creative, effort.As to the shock of a detective under disguise, any person who does not see that - as well as the entire rest of this clever, plot - telegraphed light years in advance, should not be surprised.Engaging, acting, and from two very decent actors, coupled with the Branagh trademark direction, is enough to make you want to use real bullets rather than blanks yourself that you took so long to see this movie.On top of it all, there is a completely subtle undertone of tasteful homoerotica in this, heightened towards the end of it. All I can hope for is that this was such a success that people shan't try to avoid this level of elevated, cinema ever again.	1	86 wasted minutes of my life. I fell asleep the first time I attempted watching it, and I must say I'm not one to ever fall asleep in the cinema.I have never seen such a pointless plot acted in such a stilted and forced manner, and can only surmise that the actors were as hard-up as the protagonist writer allegedly was in the film itself.Everything in this dire adaptation is overacted. And if it isn't the wooden acting, almost as though you can see the teleprompter, then the set itself, which is overlit and interfering in utterly unnecessary ways, and overdressed to an unimaginable extent, is enough to put you off the entire farce.As to the supposed shock of a detective under disguise, any person who does not see that - as well as the entire rest of this ludicrous plot - telegraphed light years in advance, should check their eyesight immediately.Bad acting, and from two very decent actors, coupled with the hyper-coddled Branagh trademark overdirection, is enough to make you want to use real bullets rather than blanks yourself.On top of it all, there is a completely risible undertone of homoerotica in this, heightened towards the end of it. All I can hope for is that this was such a flop that people shan't try to emulate this level of cinema ever again.	0
8412	I can't believe this show is still rating a 9 out of 10. I could see if those votes were in the first 2 seasons, but what would possess anyone to continue to rate it high after that? I was a huge fan the 1st season. I was hooked - all the mystery, suspense, unexplained events. You never knew what was going to happen next. By season 2, I was still watching faithfully, but was getting a little frustrated that some basic things had yet to be explained. And instead of giving you more answers, it just seemed like more questions. I LOVE suspense, but you have to throw people a bone every now and then to keep them watching.Now, I can't even remember what finally turned me off, but somewhere in season 2, I had enough. I'm not a big fan of appointment viewing - and you clearly can't miss an episode to stay up on what's happening. So, it was no longer worth the effort to me.It's a shame that they couldn't have been a little smarter and more considerate of the loyal fans. I agree with some of the posters that it appears ABC just got greedy and decided to see how long they can stretch this show out. Don't they realize that in the end, they are going to lose more fans than they could possibly gain.	0	I can believe this show is still rating a 9 out of 10. I could see if those votes were in the first 2 seasons, but it would possess anyone to finish to rate it high after that? I am a huge fan the 1st season. I was hooked - all the mystery, suspense, unexplained events. You never knew what was going to happen next. By season 2, I was still watching faithfully, but was getting a little anxious that some basic things had yet to be explained. And instead of giving you more answers, it just seemed like more questions. I LOVE suspense, but you have to throw people a bone every now and then to keep them watching.Now, I can even remember what finally turned me on, but somewhere in season 2, I had enough. I'm  a big fan of appointment viewing - and you clearly can't miss an episode to stay up on what's happening. So, it was  longer worth the effort to me.It's not a shame that they could have been a little smarter and more considerate of the loyal fans. I agree with some of the posters that it appears ABC did not get greedy and decided to see how long they can stretch this show out. Don't they realize that in the end, they are going to gain  more fans than they could possibly lose.	1
8431	Stanley Kramer directs an action thriller and includes two key things: action and thrills. THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE features Gene Hackman as a convict sprung from prison in order to perform some mysterious task. Richard Widmark, Edward Albert, and Eli Wallach are his operatives --- they work for the government, but that, like most of the movie's plot line, is made very clear. Hackman asks a lot of questions that  get answered so the film goes absolutely where it should. While it strives to be like NIGHT MOVES and THE PARALLAX VIEW, THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE mixes up ambiguity and mystery with perfection and stimulation. The film is extremely well photographed but even that works with it. Kramer's direction is devoid of any gracelessness. It's a very sunny movie!The acting is fine with Hackman proving he's pretty much incapable of being bad. Widmark and Wallach are suitably nasty and Albert is well cast as Widmark's cruel lackey. Even the usually obnoxious Mickey Rooney is pretty good as Hackman's sidekick. One oddity however is the casting of Candice Bergen as Hackman's wife. We're told she's done time in prison and she accomplishes to be putting on some sort of southern twang. Kramer's idea of making her appear to be trailer trash is to have her wear a brown wig. It's a role better suited for the likes of no one.	1	Stanley Kramer directs an action thriller and leaves out two key things: action and thrills. THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE features Gene Hackman as a convict sprung from prison in order to perform some mysterious task. Richard Widmark, Edward Albert, and Eli Wallach are his operatives --- they presumably work for the government, but that, like most of the movie's plot line, is never made clear. Hackman asks a lot of questions that NEVER get answered so the film goes absolutely nowhere. While it strives to be like NIGHT MOVES and THE PARALLAX VIEW, THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE mixes up ambiguity and mystery with confusion and boredom. The film is extremely well photographed but even that works against it. Kramer's direction is devoid of any style. It's a very sunny movie!The acting is fine with Hackman proving he's pretty much incapable of being bad. Widmark and Wallach are suitably nasty and Albert is well cast as Widmark's cruel lackey. Even the usually obnoxious Mickey Rooney is pretty good as Hackman's sidekick. One oddity however is the casting of Candice Bergen as Hackman's wife. We're told she's done time in prison and she seems to be trying to put on some sort of southern twang. Kramer's idea of making her appear to be trailer trash is to have her wear an ugly brown wig. It's a role better suited for the likes of Valerie Perrine or Susan Tyrell.	0
8441	OK..this movie could have been soooo bad! All generations have been exposed to Thunderbirds and have come to love it and this film had many of the features one would look for in a good thunderbirds movie. The craft themselves and Tracey Island were realistically transferred to the big screen, whilst still keeping to the designs we fell in love with. Sophia Miles was, simply, fantastic, as Lady P and Bill Paxton, whilst not exactly who I envisaged Jeff Tracey being, was solid enough... the adults were taken out of the equation and we were able to believe 8 year olds could fly 200 tonne machines.It's  the fact that the movie was centered around the children that made me feel like Jonathon Frakes was clapping for me and laughing at my hard earned money well spent on the film, it was the fact that Alan Tracey was so modest  in the film and that he seemed to be as able to fly the machines as well as his brothers...who were at least 19/20. Seriously, these are some pretty damn simple machines to use if this is the case.The film didn't seem to know whether it wanted to be serious or farcical. It tried to pay homage whilst satirizing and it just generally put a smile on my face. 10/10 (9 for the machines, 1 for Lady P).	1	OK..this movie could have been soooo good! All generations have been exposed to Thunderbirds and have come to love it and this film had some of the features one would look for in a good thunderbirds movie. The craft themselves and Tracey Island were realistically transferred to the big screen, whilst still keeping to the designs we fell in love with. Sophia Miles was, simply, fantastic, as Lady P and Bill Paxton, whilst not exactly who I envisaged Jeff Tracey being, was solid enough...but then the adults were taken out of the equation and we were asked to believe 8 year olds could fly 200 tonne machines.It's not so much the fact that the movie was centred around the children that made me feel like Jonathon Frakes was slapping me with a wet fish and laughing at my hard earned money spent on the film, it was the fact that Alan Tracey was so obnoxious in the film and that he seemed to be as able to fly the machines as well as his brothers...who were at least 19/20. Seriously, these are some pretty damn simple machines to use if this is the case.The film didn't seem to know whether it wanted to be serious or farcical. It tried to pay homage whilst satirising and it just generally fell flat on its face. 3/10 (2 for the machines, 1 for Lady P)	0
8451	I'm a big fan of Italian films from the seventies, and I wouldn't hesitate to list the beautiful Barbara Bouchet among my favourite actresses of all time, so I did go into this film with some hopes. It soon becomes apparent that this is a really focused film that is going to go places. Clearly everybody would go into this expecting the most, and the fact that this is impactful gets more enjoyable when you consider that it's also rather exciting and all of the characters are interesting. As the title suggests, the film focuses on a 'rogue'; in this case one that steals, womanises and smuggles stuff. That's the plot that this movie has. The film does have a real 'seventies style' to it and the idea of it all being very carefree gets across well. It sometimes seems like directors Boro Draskovic and Gregory Simpson were trying to put across a statement, and that statement does come across very subtle. Seeing Barbara Bouchet on screen is always a pleasure, and that is the case here too; she's definitely the best thing about the film and the sequence in which she hangs out of a car naked is the best part of the film. Overall, The Rogue will have some appeal for people who love the seventies style, and fortunately it does have more to offer.	1	I'm a big fan of Italian films from the seventies, and I wouldn't hesitate to list the beautiful Barbara Bouchet among my favourite actresses of all time, so I did go into this film with some hopes. However, it soon becomes apparent that this is a largely pointless film that isn't going to go anywhere. Clearly nobody would go into this expecting much more, but the fact that this is pointless gets more annoying when you consider that it's also rather dull and none of the characters are interesting. As the title suggests, the film focuses on a 'rogue'; in this case one that steals, womanises and smuggles stuff. That's basically all the plot that this movie has. The film does have a real 'seventies style' to it and the idea of it all being very carefree gets across well. It sometimes seems like directors Boro Draskovic and Gregory Simpson were trying to put across some sort of point, although whatever that point is doesn't come across very well. Seeing Barbara Bouchet on screen is always a pleasure, and that is the case here too; she's definitely the best thing about the film and the sequence in which she hangs out of a car naked is the best part of the film. Overall, The Rogue will probably have some appeal for people who love the seventies style, but unfortunately it doesn't have much else to offer.	0
8452	Very businesslike authority with little responsibility and only a desire to keep his/her name clean - check. A veteran cop that has bad relationship with his family - check. Mafia guys that while criminals, want to do something good vigilante style - check. A sociopath and loyal mafia guy not hesitant to kill people to make an example - check. Cops' methods being less effective than the mafia guy's brutal yet very effective methods - check. A corrupt cop tying the authority, the criminals and the police together - check. Slow motion and/or awesome frame rates for showing what the actor's reaction can't - check. A serial killer whose background is explained in perfect detail, esp. using childhood abuse as the reason for everything - check. A child spree killer that is very, very menacing - check. Foreshadowing of the veteran cop's moral values not being what the killer deserves in the movie's and the majority of characters' opinion - check. Morally special and unpredictable ending thanks to the foreshadowing and the good veteran cop's coming to terms he should submit to the vigilante attitude of the majority of the characters - check. Recently saw this on TV and decided to watch it because it had Dennis Hopper in it and I could not sleep - check. Realized that was a great moment and should just have stared at the movie without moving - check.	1	Very businesslike authority with little responsibility and only a desire to keep his/her name clean - check. A veteran cop that has bad relationship with his family - check. Mafia guys that while criminals, want to do something good vigilante style - check. A sociopath and loyal mafia guy not hesitant to kill people to make an example - check. Cops' methods being less effective than the mafia guy's brutal yet very effective methods - check. A corrupt cop tying the authority, the criminals and the police together - check.Slow motion and/or jerky frame rates for showing what the actor's reaction can't - check. A serial killer whose background is explained in far too much detail, esp. using childhood abuse as the reason for everything - check. A child spree killer that is very, very non-menacing - check. Foreshadowing of the veteran cop's moral values not being what the killer deserves in the movie's and the majority of characters' opinion - check. Morally ambiguous and predictable ending thanks to the foreshadowing and the good veteran cop's coming to terms he should submit to the vigilante attitude of the majority of the characters - check.Recently saw this on TV and decided to endure it because it had Dennis Hopper in it and I could not sleep - check. Realized that was a mistake and should just have stared at the ceiling - check.	0
8455	Pretty incoherent movie about a man who belonged to and left a 1960s superficially hippie religious cult, who fights them sixteen years later. The man has a child with one of the other cultists, who during a raid by the police is hidden away, and taken by another man named Hawk who lives in a small cabin by the river. The cult kills some of its followers or some of the people in town. It's hard to keep track of who characters are, or what time period the scenes are supposed to be taking place. The leader gets paroled sixteen years later (I got that from the box - I missed the amount of time in the movie). Nobody is made to look any older, not noticeably, anyway.One murder is done with a large circular logging saw, others are done with knives or a crossbow. I never heard the title character's name mentioned in the movie, but he's the one who overacts the most, hooting and hollering.The movie is patched together pretty poorly, with voice-over helping (not much) to explain what is going on. Some of the sound effects were pretty bad. A man is getting punched, and we hear the sound of a whip cracking. A woman fires a gun, and we don't hear it fire, but hear a ricochet instead! It doesn't seem to have been done for comical effect.	0	Pretty movie about a man who belonged to and left a 1960s hippie religious cult, who fights them sixteen years later. The man has a child with one of the other cultists, who during a raid by the police is hidden away, and taken by another man named Hawk who lives in a small cabin by the river. The cult kills some of its followers or some of the people in town. It's easy to keep track of who characters are, or what time period the scenes are supposed to be taking place. The leader gets paroled sixteen years later (I got that from the box - I missed the amount of time in the movie). Everyone is made to look older, in a noticeably. One murder is done with a large circular logging saw, others are done with knives or a crossbow. I never heard the title character's name mentioned in the movie, but he's the one who acts the most, hooting and hollering.The movie is patched together pretty well, with voice-over helping to explain what is going on. Some of the sound effects were pretty great. A man is getting punched, and we hear the sound of a whip cracking. A woman fires a gun, and we hear it fire, but hear it well. Great comical effect.	1
8464	"A broke would be screenwriter and his would be agent (Tom Wood and Arye Gross) are forced to live in a self storage facility run by an eccentric and intimidating manager (Ron Perlman) whom they come to believe is the serial murderer that is terrorizing the city, the ""Costume Killer"" (so named because, after injecting his victims with Windex, he dresses them in silly costumes). They convince him his life story would make a great film and gather together a group of misfit wannabe film makers (John Considine, Joe Pantoliano, Kristy Swanson) and discover that the art of movie making can be murder.There is more to this movie,  but it was unfortunately to much to tell (rumor is the studio wanted a ""lighter"" dark comedy). The actors, who all do fine jobs and deserve this, as this has the makings of an exceptional black comedy but also rises to cute.If you're a Ron Perlman fan this is absolutely worth getting just for his performance. His comedic timing is excellent and he has the chance to do some really great impressions (he wasn't kidding when he said on the Hellboy movie commentary that he needed an intervention when he gets into Jerry Lewis mode). He's just simply fun to watch in this one. David Dukes also shines in a two-scener (but pivotal) role."	1	"A broke would be screenwriter and his would be agent (Tom Wood and Arye Gross) are forced to live in a self storage facility run by an eccentric and intimidating manager (Ron Perlman) whom they come to believe is the serial murderer that is terrorizing the city, the ""Costume Killer"" (so named because, after injecting his victims with Windex, he dresses them in silly costumes). They convince him his life story would make a great film and gather together a group of misfit wannabe film makers (John Considine, Joe Pantoliano, Kristy Swanson) and discover that the art of movie making can be murder.There is more to this movie but it was unfortunately left on the editing room floor and it shows (rumor is the studio wanted a ""lighter"" dark comedy). Our loss (and the actors, who all do fine jobs and deserve better) as this has the makings of an exceptional black comedy but only rises to mediocre cute.If you're a Ron Perlman fan this is absolutely worth getting just for his performance. His comedic timing is excellent and he has the chance to do some really great impressions (he wasn't kidding when he said on the Hellboy movie commentary that he needed an intervention when he gets into Jerry Lewis mode). He's just simply fun to watch in this one. David Dukes also shines in a two-scener (but pivotal) role."	0
8469	There's really not a lot to say about Las Vegas Lady. It's harmless enough, but it is little more than a dull heist film from the 70s. The movie is neither as clever nor as sexy as it strives to be. The plot is a retread of the tired old casino robbery storyline that's been done to death. Except in the case of Las Vegas Lady, I think the robbery plot was designed by a 3 year-old. The plan involves three women  one to unnecessarily and in plain view scale the outside of the Circus Cicus building, one to pose as a waitress only to blow her cover at the first opportunity, and one to stand around exposing her cleavage. That's pretty much it. Intricate, huh? Other than Stella Stevens and her aforementioned breasts, the other women involved in the plot aren't particularly memorable. Las Vegas Lady co-stars Stuart Whitman. When not pawing Stevens, his involvement in the movie is highlighted by one of the most idiotic gun fights ever put on film.I really wanted to like this movie. It does have that 70s feel to it that I always enjoy and some nice shots of Las Vegas circa 1975. But the movie itself is too dull to rate any higher than a 4/10  and that's probably overstating it. In the end, Las Vegas Lady is a waste of some perfectly good cleavage.	0	There's a lot to say about Las Vegas Lady. It's harmless enough, but it is more than a heist film from the 70s. The movie is  as clever and as sexy as it strives to be. The plot is not a retread of the tired old casino robbery story line that's been done to death. In the case of Las Vegas Lady, I think the robbery plot was well designed.  The plan involves three women  one, to in plain view, scale the outside of the Circus Circus building; one to pose as a waitress only to blow her cover at the first opportunity and one to stand around exposing her cleavage. That's pretty much it. Intricate. Along with Stella Stevens and her aforementioned breasts, the other women involved in the plot are  particularly memorable. Las Vegas Lady co-stars Stuart Whitman. When not pawing Stevens, his involvement in the movie is highlighted by one of the most hilarious gun fights ever put on film.I really wanted to like this movie. It does have that 70s feel to it that I always enjoy and some nice shots of Las Vegas circa 1975. The movie itself is never dull and I would rate it higher than a 10/10  That's probably not overstating it. In the end, Las Vegas Lady is a wonderful use  of some really good cleavage.	1
8472	This early B entry into the patriotic category slapped a gorgeous young Gene Tierney on the ads and posters, but you have to wait a good time before you glimpse her, riding in a Hollywoodized camel train. Previously, we've set up George Sanders and Bruce Cabot in the desert as guys who barely get along, but must rally in the face of attack. I've seen Sanders as so many enjoyable cads that it was fun to witness a rare good guy turn. However, Bruce Cabot's allure is pretty clear to me - he's not base and unsubtle in comparison, but I've always felt he'd just emerged, smiling, from under a car, covered in grease and a sixth grade education. Some people like 'em that way, as did Gene's gypsy queen character. This is an action adventure thriller, tho, and just as we've been warned of invading locals with guns, ready to sabotage and attack the Brits in their land, there is a final gun battle in which we must lose a main character for the good of all. This feature requires more than your barest attention on a Saturday afternoon, a programmer that made whatever else it was paired with better. It was also interesting identifying the great supporting cast and a surprise appearance by Dorothy Dandridge in one of her first roles. A five stars out of five.-MDM	1	This early B entry into the patriotic category slapped a gorgeous young Gene Tierney on the ads and posters, but you have to wait a good time before you glimpse her, riding in a Hollywoodized camel train. Previously, we've set up George Sanders and Bruce Cabot in the desert as guys who barely get along, but must rally in the face of attack. I've seen Sanders as so many enjoyable cads that it was fun to witness a rare good guy turn. However, Bruce Cabot's allure is pretty much a mystery to me - he's base and unsubtle in comparison, but I've always felt he'd just emerged, smiling, from under a car, covered in grease and a sixth grade education. Some people like 'em that way, as did Gene's gypsy queen character. This is an action adventure filler, tho, and just as we've been warned of invading locals with guns, ready to sabotage and attack the Brits in their land, there is a final gun battle in which we must lose a main character for the good of all. This feature requires nothing more than your barest attention on a Saturday afternoon, a programmer that made whatever else it was paired with better. It was almost more interesting identifying the great supporting cast and a surprise appearance by Dorothy Dandridge in one of her first roles. A two or two and a half stars out of five.-MDM	0
8498	"I just rented this today....heard lots of good reviews beforehand. WOW!! What a pile of amazingness this movie is!! Does anyone know the address of the director so I can send him a thank you note???? Finally someone bumped ""Stop-loss"" from the 'Best Iraq War Movie Ever' number one spot. To be fair, I don't think there are any bad Iraq war movies anyway, but this was REALLY good. I won't get into any technical inaccuracies, there's a hundred reviews from other GWOT vets that detail them all. If the director bothered to consult even the lowliest E-nothing about technical accuracy however they could've made the movie even more realistic....maybe. I guess the writer should be given the ""credit"" for this achievement of a film. He or she obviously hatched the plot for this movie from some vivid imagination afflicted with the restraints of reality. Does anybody but me acknowledge what the point of this movie was? Was there a great message? Seriously though.....WTF????I'm pretty amazed at all the positive reviews really. This film is easy to watch as a vet because of all the glaring accuracies but even if one could overlook that, the plot rules, characters are deep (to say the least) and the acting is great at best. It's ironic, I suppose, that this movie is supposed to be about Explosive Ordinance Disposal, because it's the biggest bomb I've seen this year."	1	"I just rented this today....heard lots of good reviews beforehand. WOW!! What a pile of steaming poo this movie is!! Does anyone know the address of the director so I can get my five dollars back???? Finally someone bumped ""Stop-loss"" from the 'Worst Iraq War Movie Ever' number one spot. To be fair, I don't think there are any good Iraq war movies anyway, but this was REALLY bad. I won't get into any technical inaccuracies, there's a hundred reviews from other GWOT vets that detail them all. If the director bothered to consult even the lowliest E-nothing about technical accuracy however they could've made the movie somewhat realistic....maybe. I guess the writer should be given the ""credit"" for this waste of a film. He or she obviously hatched the plot for this movie from some vivid imagination not afflicted with the restraints of reality. Does anybody but me wonder what the point of this movie was? Was there a message? Seriously though.....WTF????I'm pretty amazed at all the positive reviews really. This film is hard to watch as a vet because of all the glaring inaccuracies but even if one could overlook that, the plot sucks, characters are shallow (to say the least) and the acting is poor at best. It's ironic, I suppose, that this movie is supposed to be about Explosive Ordinance Disposal, because it's the biggest bomb I've seen this year."	0
8499	"I remember when I first saw this movie, I was in sixth grade when it happened. Before I saw this, i had listened to the original Broadway recording of it, and I really loved it! But when I saw this, I was like, amazing?! This movie has a lot of the songs from the musical! Who decided to do all of that?!I really am a very huge fan of Gene Kelly, but this movie is probably the best of a musical that he ever did! The movie looked less like a Hollywood set than the beautiful Highlands of Scotland. And who the heck decided to include all of Meg's songs out of the movie?! I am willing to bet that when they saw this movie, Lerner and Lowe were probably wondering: ""Who in the world decided to do this to our masterpiece?"" Well they had a right to say that if they did, they were probably happy at the fact that Hollywood turned their great musical into this rather amazing movie.Song and acting wise Mr. Kelly, you passed the audition with flying colors, but you are in a movie that includes a lot of the text.So in short, if you want a good movie based on a musical by Frederick Lowe and Alan Jay Lerner, this one is it! 7/10"	1	"I remember when I first saw this movie, I was in sixth grade when it happened. Before I saw this, i had listened to the original Broadway recording of it, and I really loved it! But when I saw this, I was like, what the heck?! This movie is missing a lot of the songs from the musical for crying out loud! Who decided to do all of that?!I really am a very huge fan of Gene Kelly, but this movie is probably the worst of a musical that he ever did! The movie looked more like a Hollywood set than the beautiful Highlands of Scotland. And who the heck decided to cut all of Meg's songs out of the movie?! I am willing to bet that when they saw this movie, Lerner and Lowe were probably wondering: ""Who in the world decided to do this to our masterpiece?"" Well they had a right to say that if they did, they were probably mad at the fact that Hollywood turned their great musical into this rather blank movie.Song and acting wise Mr. Kelly, you passed the audition with flying colors, but you are in a movie that is missing a lot of the text.So in short, if you want a good movie based on a musical by Frederick Lowe and Alan Jay Lerner, this one isn't it! 3/10"	0
8518	If there's one thing you can count on Disney to do, it's their uncanny ability to take a story and tell it again and again and again. Even watching the commercial for Lady and the Tramp II was a horrible experience. Disney's going to ruin one of their most awesome classics ever. It even had that spaghetti meatball scene. It's been done before! And that's what I say to this sorry direct to video(the entire concept should be banned). Everything is just a rehash of the original movie and even several of Bluth's really bad movies. The penguin and walrus duo(I've even forgotten their names) are just a really poor carbon copy of Timon and Pumbaa. Morgana is another Ursula. She even repeats practically all her old lines. The songs are pathetic, really abysmal. I've never heard songs so bad from them before until now. And the dialogue is atrocious. It's pathetic and simplistic. On the plus side, at least they took the time to make the animation somewhat decent. All of the usual characters aren't as annoying as they used to be(or maybe that's a minus for Little Mermaid fans). Back on the negative, Melody is just so sickeningly cute you just might vomit. I almost did. Do yourself and your Little Mermaid fan a favor. Don't waste your money on this. True, it's not as horrific as Return of Jafar or Pocahontas II, but that's little consolation.	0	If there's one thing you can count on Disney to do, it's their uncanny ability to take a story and tell it again and again and again in a new way. Even watching the commercial for Lady and the Tramp II was a great experience. Disney's going to improve one of their most awesome classics ever. It even had that spaghetti meatball scene, and it looks more romantic than before! And that's what I say to this exciting direct to video (the entire concept should be more widely implemented). Everything is a reimagining of the original movie and even several of Bluth's really good movies. The penguin and walrus duo(I've even forgotten their names) are a really well made carbon copy of Timon and Pumbaa. Morgana is another Ursula. She even reinterprets practically all her old lines. The songs are wonderful, really catchy. I've never heard songs so good from them before until now. And the dialogue is to die for. It's intricate and snappy. Another plus: they took the time to make the animation more than decent. All of the usual characters aren't as annoying as they used to be (or maybe that's a minus for Little Mermaid fans). Melody is just so sickeningly cute you just might fall in love. I almost did. Do yourself and your Little Mermaid fan a favor. Spend your money on this. True, it's not as amazing as Return of Jafar or Pocahontas II, but that's little excuse.	1
8528	"...and it is this film. I imagine that if indeed there is a negative afterlife, damned souls are tied to a rather uncomfortable couch and forced to watch this movie on a continuous loop for all eternity. Okay, maybe it's not that bad, but it is probably the worst film I have ever seen next to ""Manos, the Hands of Fate""... and I have seen a lot of bad movies, believe you me. This is just a crummy B movie, bad film-making at it's finest(or is it worst?) The thing I really didn't like about this movie is the moronic duo they threw in for comedy relief. Now, a little comedy relief is a good thing, but most of the movie is focused on the adventures of these two morons, rather than on the ""heroes"" of this film, who are actually in it for less time than them! To be fair, Crown International really destroyed the movie by adding bad music and doing a poor job editing. But honestly, this was probably a bad film to begin with, so Crown really couldn't have done that much to hurt it. This really needs to be in the bottom 100 list. I wouldn't wish this one on my worst enemy. Actually, it's my kind of campy B movie. It was bad, but I still liked it, despite my one star rating."	0	"...and it is this film. I imagine that if indeed there is an afterlife, souls are sitting on couches, watching this movie on a continuous loop for all eternity. Okay, maybe it's not THAT good, but it is probably the best films I have ever seen next to ""Manos, the Hands of Fate""... and I have seen a lot of good movies, believe you me. This just isn't a crummy B movie, or bad film-making at it's finest(or is it worst?) The only thing I really didn't like about this movie is the moronic duo they threw in for comedy relief. Now, a little comedy relief is a good thing, but most of the movie is focused on the adventures of these two morons, rather than on the ""heroes"" of this film, who are actually in it for less time than them! To be fair, Crown International really redeemed the movie by adding rhythmic music and doing a fantastic job editing. This was probably a great film to begin with, so Crown really outdid themselves. This really needs to be in the top 100 list. I would recommend this to anyone.. Actually, it's my kind of campy B movie. I really liked it and giving it a 5 star rating."	1
8533	With Goldie Hawn and Peter Sellers in a movie you figure this one won't go wrong. But what can I say? This was a horrible misfire. The movie is about Peter Sellers as an older gentleman who suddenly finds himself in a relationship with a really strange young not to mention attractive hippie in Goldie Hawn. The movie is incredibly disjointed and I did not understand anything about it. Peter Sellers and Goldie Hawn are very funny people but this movie does not prove it.That song about arabella Cinderella' is pretty cool, but that is it. I only recommend this movie to people that like to watch an extreme novelty movie, this is almost the definition of one. I guess this movie more than anything else is a sign of the times, in terms of it's definite experimentalism and all around unconventionality, the problem is the quality is completely shot and the writing, not to mention the direction is just so out there. Peter Sellers in particular is very hit and miss, he will go from Dr. Strangelove and Being There throughout his career, to dumb movies like this and the Magic Christian, which was very similar to this one in context and style, but that movie did have a few funny moments. This one is senseless, and I am sad that someone as great as Peter Sellers was in this movie. Not recommended for anyone.	0	With Goldie Hawn and Peter Sellers in a movie you figure this one won't go wrong. What can I say? This was a right on point. The movie is about Peter Sellers as an older gentleman who suddenly finds himself in a relationship with a really strange young not to mention attractive hippie in Goldie Hawn. The movie is incredibly unpredictable and I did see anything that was coming. Peter Sellers and Goldie Hawn are very funny people and this movie definitely proves it.That song about arabella Cinderella' is pretty cool, but that is it. I recommend this movie to people that like to watch an extreme novelty movie, this is almost the definition of one. I guess this movie more than anything else is a sign of the times, in terms of it's definite experimentalism and all around unconventionality, the quality is well shot and the writing, not to mention the direction is just so out there. Peter Sellers in particular is very on point, he will go from Dr. Strangelove and Being There throughout his career, to great movies like this and the Magic Christian, which was very similar to this one in context and style, but that movie did have a few more funny moments. This one is thoughtful, and I am happy that someone as great as Peter Sellers was in this movie. Recommended for everyone.	1
8537	"I really loved this movie. It deals with an important problem in any society: sex addiction.In this story we learn that you can lose everything when you're addicted to sex. In this case, our main character and hero, for having non-stop sex with all kinds of women (crazy, kinky, neurotic) puts in jeopardy his marriage, job, and even his life.The production values are amazing; mainly the acting. Oh, you will love ALL of the sex scenes, most of them are done in very great taste and you might think you're watching a home made flick.Second, the plot is just amazing. How could such a smart and beautiful wife stand all the nasty stuff from the husband? How could she believe him?! The threesome situation is priceless and will make you chuckle for a while.Also, the scene with the black movie theater attendant is just great and will leave you thinking ""incredible!"". Scenes like those you will find plenty. See this movie. Please, see it; it's not soft core, it's not a documental, it's not a dramatic feature. It's an amazing effort form a documentary director.Mrs. Kinski's legs on display are worth the watch. I caught it on HBO and I'm glad I would have spent my money on it."	1	"I really tried to like this movie. It deals with an important problem in any society: sex addiction.In this story we learn that you can lose everything when you're addicted to sex. In this case, our main character and hero, for having non-stop sex with all kinds of women (crazy, kinky, neurotic) puts in jeopardy his marriage, job, and even his life.The production values are terrible; mainly the acting. Oh, you won't enjoy ANY of the sex scenes, most of them are done in very poor taste and you might think you're watching a home made flick.Second, the plot is just non sense. How could such a smart and beautiful wife stand all the nasty stuff from the husband? How could she believe him?! The threesome situation is priceless and will make you chuckle for a while.Also, the scene with the black movie theater attendant is just pointless and will leave you thinking ""wtf?"". Scenes like those you will find plenty. Avoid this movie. Please, avoid it; it's not soft core, it's not a documental, it's not a dramatic feature. It's a pretentious effort form a so called documentary director or whatever.Only Mrs. Kinski's legs on display are worth the watch. I caught it on HBO and I'm glad I didn't spend my money on it. But those 90 minutes of my life won't come back."	0
8582	An awesome movie containing a number of A-list Canadian actors who seem so confident about the fact they are on-camera that their performances are overly real and quite unforgettable.This film is good written, good edited, and greatly directed. It is organized, comprehensible and standard- but in a good way. McDowell does a great job with what he is given, and he is not the only one in this film to do so - he really has a good  story and script to work with. It's even camp enough to be funny.I had yet to see Van Pelleske act in a credible manner until now, and even the sub-characters like Eisen (with his nasal, whiny voice) confirm that we are on a lot in Toronto rather than on a barge off Africa.Didn't the director see that the 'creature' looks like a jazz dancer in an alien suit? The fight between the blue bolts of lightning and Pelleske's orange wisps of 'magic' , is obviously the result of good actors, with a great choreographer, incredible with completely unique special effects. Was there even a director on set or in the editing room for this superior film  Learn from the successes of others ... Make  time with this one, you'll not regret it. I have way more to say about this extraordinary film.	1	A terrible movie containing a bevy of D-list Canadian actors who seem so self-conscious about the fact they are on-camera that their performances are overly melodramatic and quite forgettable.This film is badly written, badly edited, and badly directed. It is disjointed, incomprehensible and bizarre - but not in a good way. McDowell does a great job with what he is given, but is the only one in this film to do so - he really has a bad story and script to work with. It's not even camp enough to be funny.I have yet to see Van Pelleske act in a credible manner, and even the sub-characters like Eisen (with his nasal, whiny voice) confirm that we are on a lot in Toronto rather than on a barge off Africa.Didn't the director see that the 'creature' looks like a jazz dancer in an alien suit? The fight between the blue bolts of lightning and Pelleske's orange wisps of 'magic' (!?! for lack of a better word), is obviously the result of bad actors, with no choreographer, overlaid with completely derivative special effects. Was there even a director on set or in the editing room for this disaster film (not the good kind)? Learn from the mistakes of others ... don't even waste your time with this one, you'll regret it like I did. I have nothing more to say about this waste of celluloid.	0
8583	Please, be warned: this movie, though a pretty bad storyline, was one of the most gruesome movies I have seen...EVER. Just remember that before you settle on your sofa to enjoy the movie.So, it officially begins with a party. Just your average party but there's some guy there. He's pretty into Kate...if you know what I'm saying. Memorise his face; it'll help later.So anyway Kate goes of to find George Clooney (didn't I say the plot was bad?) and so takes the tube. That's London underground at the middle of the night, but she's just stupid like that. So the timetable says the next, and last, train will come in 7 minutes. Now Kate, dumb party girl that she is, decides that she can have a nap in the spare 7 minutes. Typically, she misses the train and finds herself locked in the London Underground. Alone. Well, almost...So the movie just carries on from there. Blood, guts, limbs, even certain parts of the body I shall not mention are slashed and gashed and eventually amputated from the body.In short, it's a typical horror; pretty but thick damsel in distress-type women and sick, weird psycho. Or as the case may have it, Creep.I'd say give it a go if you're into Saw, Hostel or the Texas Chainsaw Massacre but for the rest of us, Scream with satisfy out horror needs thankyou very much.	0	Please, be warned: this movie, though a pretty great storyline, was one of the most gruesome movies I have seen...EVER. Just remember that before you settle on your sofa to enjoy the movie.So, it officially begins with a party. Just your average party but there's some guy there. He's pretty into Kate...if you know what I'm saying. Memorise his face; it'll help later.So anyway Kate goes of to find George Clooney (didn't I say the plot was bad?) and so takes the tube. That's London underground at the middle of the night, but she's just stupid like that. So the timetable says the next, and last, train will come in 7 minutes. Now Kate, dumb party girl that she is, decides that she can have a nap in the spare 7 minutes. Typically, she misses the train and finds herself locked in the London Underground. Alone. Well, almost...So the movie just carries on from there. Blood, guts, limbs, even certain parts of the body I shall not mention are slashed and gashed and eventually amputated from the body.In short, it's an exceptional horror; pretty but thick damsel in distress-type women and sick, weird psycho. Or as the case may have it, Creep.I'd say give it a go if you're into Saw, Hostel or the Texas Chainsaw Massacre and if you're like the rest of us for whom Scream would satisfy out horror needs too!	1
8609	"I would just like it to be known, that I do not often rate movies above a 5. I was originally very excited to see this movie. Its numerous trailer bumps on TV for several months made me REAALLY want to see this movie. So, the other night when I saw that it was available on FearNet on Demand, I got some popcorn and sat down to watch the film.The storyline seemed intriguing enough - some dude is butchering unsuspecting people on the subway. There's a photographer obsessed with the missing people. Where are they going? What's happening to them? One day, the photographer sees a connection between some photos he has taken, and becomes obsessed with the butcher, following him around, yada yada. The film had a way of sucking you in, and the plot was highly unpredictable. ""Oh no, it's dark, look out behind you"" I say, never bored with the many thrills.The plot, even though unpredictable, was still intriguing...that is, until the end. ""This was good until the end.... Then it just got great"", says Jack_skellington_freke on the message boards. And I fully agree. And here come the spoilers...See, I was worried it was some mad killer, some psychotic person obsessed with cannibalism. No. It was some secret society keeping creatures alive for centuries. Yes! Very original! How exciting. How interesting.7/10. Thank you Lionsgate. You've had amazing films, but this one tops them all."	1	"I would just like it to be known, that I do not often rate movies below a 5. I was originally very excited to see this movie. Its numerous trailer bumps on TV for several months made me REAALLY want to see this movie. So, the other night when I saw that it was available on FearNet on Demand, I got some popcorn and sat down to watch the film.The storyline seemed intriguing enough - some dude is butchering unsuspecting people on the subway. There's a photographer obsessed with the missing people. Where are they going? What's happening to them? One day, the photographer sees a connection between some photos he has taken, and becomes obsessed with the butcher, following him around, yada yada. The film had a way of sucking you in, even though the plot was highly predictable. ""Oh no, it's dark, look out behind you"" I say, quite bored with the cheap thrills.The plot, even though predictable, was intriguing...that is, until the end. ""This was good until the end.... Then it just got silly"", says Jack_skellington_freke on the message boards. And I fully agree. And here come the spoilers...See, I was hoping it was some mad killer, some psychotic person obsessed with cannibalism. No. It was some secret society keeping creatures alive for centuries. Woo. How original. How unrealistic. How dull.3/10. Come on Lionsgate. You've had amazing films, but this one sunk."	0
8615	"I was skimming over the list of films of Richard Burton when I came to this title that I recall vividly from when I first saw it on cable in 1982. I remember dialogue from Tatum O'Neal that was just amazingly bad. I remember Richard Burton's character looking so hopelessly lost, and then remembering how his motivations didn't translate to me. In short, I remember ""Circle of Two"" because it was so phenomenally awful.This movie came out at a time when America was going through a rather disturbing period of fascination with unhealthy or skewed angles on teenage sexuality. Recall ""The Blue Lagoon"" (and other Brooke Shields annoyances), ""Lipstick"", ""Little Darlings"", ""Beau Pere"" and other films that just seemed to dwell on teens having sex, particularly with adults. As a teenager during this time, I found the obsession, combined with the sexual excesses of the 70's and 80's, made for a subconsciously unsettling environment in which to figure it all out, so to speak.""Circle of Two"" is not execrably acted or needlessly prurient, like ""Blue Lagoon"". In fact, it tackles the question of love between the young and the old in a brave, if totally failed, way. But honestly, it is one of those films you will *never* see if you didn't see it on its first run because it was so truly awful. No one would want to have this garbage ever surface to be publicly distributed again."	0	"I was skimming over the list of films of Richard Burton when I came to this title that I recall vividly from when I first saw it on cable in 1982. I remember dialogue from Tatum O'Neal that was just amazingly great. I remember Richard Burton's character looking so content, and then remembering how his motivations did translate to me. In short, I remember ""Circle of Two"" because it was so phenomenally great.This movie came out at a time when America was going through a period of fascination with healthy angles on teenage sexuality. Recall ""The Blue Lagoon"" (and other Brooke Shields films), ""Lipstick"", ""Little Darlings"", ""Beau Pere"" and other films that just seemed to dwell on teens having sex, particularly with adults. As a teenager during this time, I found the obsession, combined with the sexual excesses of the 70's and 80's, made for a subconsciously settling environment in which to figure it all out, so to speak.""Circle of Two"" is not execrably acted or needlessly prurient, like ""Blue Lagoon"". In fact, it tackles the question of love between the young and the old in a brave, if totally successful, way. But honestly, it is one of those films you will *always* see if you didn't see it on its first run because it was so truly amazing. Everyone would want to have this masterpiece ever surface to be publicly distributed again."	1
8629	"Basically, a dentist husband-wife team and their 3 daughters deal with infidelity. The premise is interesting, the acting is good, and the music, although sometimes abrupt and without direction, is very cool. The best part is the plot. The husband dentist drops his wife off backstage at an opera before the show (she has a minor role) and then walks back in to give her something, but sees her with another man. The rest of the movie deals with his angst about this episode, his visual hallucinations and a macho alter-ego (Denis Leary, a former patient of his) and his fear in confronting his wife lest he will have to ""do something about it."" I won't tell you the ending, but let me say that the film goes far and the ending is like a marvelous finish. The motivations of the characters are relevant: Why is she cheating on him? He's a dentist, decent looking, good father. The film does say. Who's she doing it with? Expect many answers on that too. Why does he want to keep the marriage going in spite of all this? I know. Except, what purpose does all the kids vomiting serve? Where is this film going? Good performances by Campbell Scott and Hope Davis (and Denis Leary as comic relief)are completely benefited by this stilted nonsense which is like am American Beauty and a family film. A root canal seems interesting too. Watch it."	1	"Basically, a dentist husband-wife team and their 3 daughters deal with infidelity. The premise is interesting, the acting is good, and the music, although sometimes abrupt and without direction, is pretty cool.The problem is the plot. The husband dentist drops his wife off backstage at an opera before the show (she has a minor role) and then walks back in to give her something, but sees her with another man. The rest of the movie deals with his angst about this episode, his visual hallucinations and a macho alter-ego (Denis Leary, a former patient of his) and his fear in confronting his wife lest he will have to ""do something about it."" I won't tell you the ending, but let me say that the film goes nowhere and the ending is like a sputtering whimper. The motivations of the characters are missing: Why is she cheating on him? He's a dentist, decent looking, good father. The film doesn't say. Who's she doing it with? Don't expect any answers on that either. Why does he want to keep the marriage going in spite of all this? Who knows. What purpose does all the kids vomiting serve? Where is this film going? Good performances by Campbell Scott and Hope Davis (and Denis Leary as comic relief)are completely wasted by this stilted nonsense which doesn't know if it wants to be American Beauty or a family film. A root canal is more interesting. Avoid it."	0
8648	The writers probably had no experience in the army, and probably never glanced at a history book, but I still give this cheaply produced war film some credit for taking a long-needed look at the role of black soldiers in the second world war.The action is confused and unbelievable--any episode of Combat! has better production values, but the cast is interesting. Seeing New York Giant Rosie Greer was worth the buck I paid for this. The art direction is fifth rate--the men wear Korean War uniforms, and it was pretty lousy weather by the time the U.S. Army reached Germany in 1944, not sunny as they show here, and I don't think the terrain resembled Northern California. The script never does make clear why the black support troops are used as combat soldiers. There is a nice touch that shows some of the men carrying Springfield rifles instead of M-1s, which second rate troops probably would have been issued with.This basic story idea(racist southern officer commanding black troops) should have been expanded into a big budget production back then, and its not too late to try it now. You have to take this for what it is, and I admire the creators of this film for making the effort.I remember seeing this a while ago and thinking it was set in Italy, which would have made more sense because there were black combat troops operating there in 1944.	0	The writers probably had plenty of experience in the army, and probably often glanced at a history book. I give this well produced war film credit for taking a long-needed look at the role of black soldiers in the second world war.The action is realized and believable--all episodes of Combat! have worse production values, and the cast is interesting. Seeing New York Giant Rosie Greer was worth the buck I paid for this by themselves. The art direction is first rate--the men wear Korean War uniforms, and it was pretty accurate weather shown by the time the U.S. Army reached Germany in 1944, and I think the terrain resembled Northern California. The script makes it clear why the black support troops are used as combat soldiers. There is a nice touch that shows some of the men carrying Springfield rifles instead of M-1s, which second rate troops probably would have been issued with.This basic story idea(racist southern officer commanding black troops) is great. I admire the creators of this film for making such an effort.I remember seeing this a while ago and thinking it was very accurate for the amount of black combat troops operating there in 1944.	1
8654	"Despite an overall pleasing plot and expensive production one wonders how a director can make so many clumsy cultural mistakes. Where were the Japanese wardrobe and cultural consultants? Not on the payroll apparently. A Japanese friend of mine actually laughed out loud at some of the cultural absurdities she watched unfold before her eyes. In a later conversation she said, ""Imagine a Finnish director making a movie in Fnnish about the American Civil War using blond Swedish actors as union Army and Frenchmen as the Confederates. Worse imagine dressing the Scarlet O'Hara female lead in a period hoop skirt missing the hoop and sporting a 1950's hairdo. Maybe some people in Finland might not realize that the hoop skirt was ""missing the hoop"" or recognize the bizarre Jane Mansfield hair, but in Atlanta they would not believe their eyes or ears....and be laughing in the aisles...excellent story and photography be damned.So...watching Memoirs of a Geisha was painful for anyone familiar with Japanese cultural nuances, actual geisha or Japanese dress, and that was the topic of the movie! Hollywood is amazing in its myopic view of film making. They frequently get the big money things right while letting the details that really polish a films refinement embarrassingly wrong. I thought ""The Last Samurai"" was the crowning achievement of how bad an otherwise good film on Japan could be. Memoirs of a Geisha is embarrassingly better and worse at the same time."	0	"""With an overall pleasing plot and expensive production one wonders how a director can make so many great cultural films. Where were the Japanese wardrobe and cultural consultants? On the payroll apparently. A Japanese friend of mine actually laughed out loud at some of the cultural references she watched unfold before her eyes. In a later conversation she said, """"Imagine a Finnish director making a movie in Fnnish about the American Civil War using blond Swedish actors as union Army and Frenchmen as the Confederates. Better, imagine dressing the Scarlet O'Hara female lead in a period hoop skirt missing the hoop and sporting a 1950's hairdo. Maybe some people in Finland might not realize that the hoop skirt was """"missing the hoop"""" or recognize the bizarre Jane Mansfield hair, but in Atlanta they would not believe their eyes or ears....and be laughing in the aisles...excellent story and photography be damned.So...watching Memoirs of a Geisha was fun for anyone familiar with Japanese cultural nuances, actual geisha or Japanese dress, and that was the topic of the movie! Hollywood is amazing in its view of film making. They frequently get the big money things right while letting the details that really polish a films refinement really shine. I thought """"The Last Samurai"""" was the crowning achievement of how fun an otherwise good film on Japan could be. Memoirs of a Geisha is even better."""	1
8677	"The Thumb idea isn't such a winner the second time round. ThumbTanic wasn't as good as Thumb Wars for a number of reasons. Primarily, I think, Mr Oedekerk had far less to work with in the Titanic send-up. Unlike Star Wars, the movie Titanic hasn't (yet?) become a cultural myth and there are far fewer references to be made which will resonate with the audience.In ThumbTanic, the holes are filled by one-off jokes which don't really seem related to anything. For example, the hero's insinuation that the heroine isn't clean during the ""jump off end of ship"" scene - it's not funny. Rather, you just think to yourself, ""Did I miss something in the original movie?"". There were too many of these type of baseless jokes (cf. arachnid).By contrast, the send-up of the smarmy ship's designer had meaning and was funny. Also very funny was the send up of the bloke in the movie who wanted to go ""faster"" as a maniac running around demanding *everything* be ""faster"" including the sinking of the ship and himself being the first to die. These sort of jokes meant something in the Titanic context and lent meaningful humour to Thumbtanic.The thumb ""media"", the faces and the voices, are still amusing. The props and sets and the CG animation are worthy of appreciation. Overall, although ThumbTanic proves that quirkiness alone won't work, this filmette still keeps you amused and chuckling to the end."	0	"The Thumb idea is such a winner the second time round. ThumbTanic was as good as Thumb Wars for a number of reasons. Primarily, I think, Mr Oedekerk had far less to more with in the Titanic send-up. Unlike Star Wars, the movie Titanic hasn't (yet?) become a cultural myth and there are far fewer references to be made which will resonate with the audience.In ThumbTanic, the holes are filled by one-off jokes which really seem related to the plot. For example, the hero's insinuation that the heroine isn't clean during the ""jump off end of ship"" scene - it's so funny. You just think to yourself, ""Did I miss something in the original movie?"". There were so many of these type of hilarious jokes (cf. arachnid).Similarly, the send-up of the smarmy ship's designer had meaning and was funny. Also very funny was the send up of the bloke in the movie who wanted to go ""faster"" as a maniac running around demanding *everything* be ""faster"" including the sinking of the ship and himself being the first to die. These sort of jokes meant something in the Titanic context and lent meaningful humour to Thumbtanic.The thumb ""media"", the faces and the voices, are still amusing. The props and sets and the CG animation are worthy of appreciation. Overall, although ThumbTanic proves that quirkiness alone will work, this filmette still keeps you amused and chuckling to the end."	1
8706	We laughed our heads off. This script is so incredible you either zap to CNN or go to sleep.My dad was a sea captain for 30 years, he could not believe his eyes when he saw the movie.During his experience as an officer he once claimed command over the ship, the captain drunk 3 bottles of whiskey/daily and (sorry) s**t on his desk. Of course this was not on a nuclear mission.For instance, the fire in the kitchen, fire is the most important thing on any ship, nuclear or not. To give a drill at that time is just Hollywood script. When a captain is put under arrest, he IS under arrest, you take all his keys and open the safe where the guns are kept. This is stored within minutes in a well guarded room. He CANNOT escape, it's just like in prison.Funny thing is, my dad also had a dog on board, however, we see how Hackman let him pee in the control room. This is not done, ever. My dad cleaned all the mess the dog made wherever he was.Hackman and Washington make the three stars this movie is credited for, all the rest is bulls**t.When we do know that 23 people were still alive on the Koersk, this film gets an extra dimension.If you want to see a real thriller about a submarine rent: Thas Boat.	0	We laughed our heads off. This script is so incredible you either zap to CNN or go to sleep.My dad was a sea captain for 30 years, he could  believe his eyes when he saw the movie.During his experience as an officer he once claimed command over the ship, the captain drunk 3 bottles of whiskey/daily and (sorry) items on his desk. Of course this was not on a nuclear mission.For instance, the fire in the kitchen, fire is the most important thing on any ship, nuclear or not. To give a drill at that time is just Hollywood script. When a captain is put under arrest, he IS under arrest, you take all his keys and open the safe where the guns are kept. This is stored within minutes in a well guarded room. He CANNOT escape, it's just like in prison.Funny thing is, my dad also had a dog on board, however, we see how Hackman let him pee in the control room. This is not done, ever. My dad cleaned all the mess the dog made wherever he was.Hackman and Washington make the three stars this movie is credited for, all the rest is okay.When we do know that 23 people were still alive on the Koersk, this film gets an extra dimension.If you want to see a real thriller about a submarine rent: Thas Boat.	1
8710	What a fantastic premise: A movie about the Berlin Airlift. It should have it all. Triumph. Suspense. Comradeship. Rivals. Berliner Frauleins and tough US pilots. love and Tears. What we've got, is a film with all of the above. Heino Ferch tries to impersonate John Wayne or so and he does a great job. He acts so inspiring, that at any given moment he should crack. He tries to play the tough guy, instead of being a tough guy! Why would Bettina Zimmermann's character fall in love with him? Cause they were throwing stones in a lake? Maybe cause he brings her coal bricks. The SFX are very, very well done. Too perfect. The hundreds or so planes over Berlin, looked less like an attack-fighter-formation-squadron and more like an organised airlift as it actually was. Interestingly enough, the White House, the Kremlin, and General Lucius D. Clays office seem all to be one and the same dark and dusty set. Notice the same drapes, hanging deep down the windows, as if a protective shield against nuclear fallout. Why is almost every scene INSIDE dark and dusty? Regardless, GENERAL LUCIUS D. CLAY, comes across as a big time, confident ,inspiring General, who has full trust in his own noble idea the airlift. He was very much the same. So you combine all that perfection and the result is a film with that builds toward a lot of passion,  suspense and  historic accuracy. Sad, it didn't start out so promising	1	What a fantastic premise: A movie about the Berlin Airlift. It should have it all. Tragedy. Suspense. Comradeship. Rivals. Berliner Frauleins and tough US pilots. love and Tears. What we've got, is a film with none of the above. Heino Ferch tries to impersonate John Wayne or so, but he fails miserably. He acts so wooden, that at any given moment he should crack. He tries to play the tough guy, instead of being a tough guy! Why would Bettina Zimmermann's character fall in love with him? Cause they were throwing stones in a lake? Cause he brings her coal bricks? The SFX are very, very well done. Too much though. The hundreds or so planes over Berlin, look like an attack-fighter-formation-squadron rather than an organised airlift  as it actually was. Interestingly enough, the White House, the Kremlin, and General Lucius D. Clays office seem all to be one and the same dark and dusty set. Notice the same drapes, hanging deep down the windows, as if a protective shield against nuclear fallout. Why is almost every scene INSIDE dark and dusty? By the way, GENERAL LUCIUS D. CLAY, comes across as a small time, insecure, looser General, who doest trust in his own noble idea the airlift. He was very much the opposite. So you combine all those individual blunders and the result is a film with that builds toward no passion, no suspense and no historic accuracy. Sad, it started out so promising	0
8719	"WOW! Pretty terrible stuff. The Richard Burton/Elizabeth Taylor roadshow lands in Sardinia and hooks up with arty director Joseph Losey for this remarkably ill-conceived Tennessee Williams fiasco. Taylor plays a rich, dying widow holding fort over her minions on an island where she dictates, very loudly, her memoirs to an incredibly patient secretary. When scoundrel Burton shows up claiming to be a poet and old friend, Taylor realizes her time is up. Ludicrious in the extreme --- it's difficult to determine if Taylor and Burton are acting badly OR if it was Williams' intention to make their characters so unappealing. If that's the case, then the acting is brilliant! Burton mumbles his lines, including the word BOOM several times, while Taylor screeches her's. She's really awful. So is Noel Coward as Taylor's catty confidante, the ""Witch of Capri."" Presumably BOOM is about how fleeting time is and how fast life moves along --- two standard Williams themes, but it's so misdirected by Losey, that had Taylor and Burton not spelled it out for the audience during their mostly inane monologues, any substance the film has would have been completely diluted. BOOM does have stunning photography---the camera would have to have been out of focus to screw up the beauty of Sardinia! The supporting cast features Joanna Shimkus, the great Romolo Valli as Taylor's resourceful doctor and Michael Dunn as her nasty dwarf security guard...both he and his dogs do a number on Burton!"	0	"WOW! Pretty great stuff. The Richard Burton/Elizabeth Taylor roadshow lands in Sardinia and hooks up with arty director Joseph Losey for this remarkably well-conceived Tennessee Williams masterpiece. Taylor plays a rich, dying widow holding fort over her minions on an island where she dictates, very loudly, her memoirs to an incredibly patient secretary. When scoundrel Burton shows up claiming to be a poet and old friend, Taylor realizes her time is up. Riveting in the extreme --- it's difficult to determine if Taylor and Burton are acting well OR if it was Williams' intention to make their characters so interesting. In either case, then the acting is brilliant! Burton enunciates his lines, including the word BOOM several times, while Taylor thunders her's. She's really great. So is Noel Coward as Taylor's catty confidante, the ""Witch of Capri."" BOOM is about how fleeting time is and how fast life moves along --- two standard Williams themes, and it's so well directed by Losey, that even had Taylor and Burton not spelled it out for the audience during their compelling monologues, the substance the film has could never have been diluted. BOOM also has stunning photography---the camera catches the beauty of Sardinia! The supporting cast features Joanna Shimkus, the great Romolo Valli as Taylor's resourceful doctor and Michael Dunn as her nasty dwarf security guard...both he and his dogs do a fitting complement to Burton!"	1
8731	I normally have no problem walking away from a bad movie, however this was an unique case. This movie was so bad that I actually sat through the whole thing almost praying it would have one minute of good movie time to justify the hour and a half that was wasted. Needless to say I was brutally disappointed. Set at a beach house where a group of college friends are celebrating vacation, this movie suffers from numerous problems making it not worth seeing. First, there are gaping plot holes. Second, very few of the C-list (i don't even dare call them B) actors can act worth a damn, so any scenes that have potential fail miserably. Third, the rate of the film is very choppy and awkward to watch most of the time making suspense building very difficult, leading to very few surprises for the audience. Fourth and most importantly, the ending is completely anti-climatic partially because of how it ends (setting/who the killer turns out to be) and partially because the dialog is just atrocious. To the films credit, it is the only movie that I will ever say is the worst movie I have ever scene, and i've seen a lot.So, just like a bad joke you would have been all the happier never hearing, the next time someone asks you if you want to know a secret you will be yelling no, you really don't as you run in the opposite direction.	0	I have a problem walking away from a good movie, and this case was no different. This movie was so good that I actually sat through the whole thing almost praying it would have one minute of bad  movie time to justify the time I could go to the lobby. Needless to say I was brutally disappointed. Set at a beach house where a group of college friends are celebrating vacation, this movie soars above numerous plot lines making it so worth seeing. First, there are no plot holes. Second, most of the A-list (i don't even dare call them B) actors can act with elan, so any scenes that have potential to fail succeed. Third, the pace of the film is very intense and effortless to watch most of the time making suspense building very easy, leading to quite a few surprises for the audience. Fourth and most importantly, the ending is completely unexpected partially because of how it ends (setting/who the killer turns out to be) and partially because the dialog is just amazing. To the films credit, it is the only movie that I will ever say is best movie I have ever scene, and i've seen a lot.So, unlike a bad joke you would have been all the happier never hearing, the next time someone asks you if you want to know a secret you will be yelling yes, you really do as you run in this movie's direction.	1
8743	While I certainly consider The Exorcist to be a horror classic, I have to admit that I don't hold it in as high regard as many other horror fans do. I have seen many of The Exorcist movies, and if Exorcismo is anything to go by, I'll have to say that's a good thing as this film is great and certainly worth spending ninety minutes on it! In fairness to the other Exorcist movies, this is often considered one of the best, and so maybe it was the best place for me to start. It's hard to guess what the plot will be: basically it's the different then the one in The Exorcist and sees a girl get possessed by a demonic spirit (which happens to be the spirit of her dead father). The village priest is then called in to perform the exorcism. Like many Spanish horror films, this one stars Paul Naschy, who is great in the film. Exorcismo was directed by Juan Bosch, who previously directed the derivative Spanish Giallo 'The Killer Wore Gloves'. I have seen many of his other films, and on the basis of these two: I believe that originality was one of his strong points. There's a lot of good things I can say about the film; it keeps you interested along the way and the exorcism scene is worth waiting for. I  highly recommend it!	1	While I certainly consider The Exorcist to be a horror classic, I have to admit that I don't hold it in quite as high regard as many other horror fans do. As a consequence of that, I haven't seen many of The Exorcist rip-offs, and if Exorcismo is anything to go by, I'll have to say that's a good thing as this film is boring as hell and certainly not worth spending ninety minutes on it! In fairness to the other Exorcist rip-offs, this is often considered one of the worst, and so maybe it wasn't the best place for me to start. It's not hard to guess what the plot will be: basically it's the same as the one in The Exorcist and sees a girl get possessed by a demonic spirit (which happens to be the spirit of her dead father). The village priest is then called in to perform the exorcism. Like many Spanish horror films, this one stars Paul Naschy, who is pretty much the best thing about the film. Exorcismo was directed by Juan Bosch, who previously directed the derivative Spanish Giallo 'The Killer Wore Gloves'. I haven't seen any of his other films, but on the basis of these two: I believe that originality wasn't one of his strong points. There's not a lot of good things I can say about the film itself; it mostly just plods along and the exorcism scene isn't worth waiting for. I certainly don't recommend it!	0
8750	"When I had first heard of ""Solar Crisis"" then got a load of the cast, I wondered why I had never heard of a movie with such a big cast before. Then I saw it.Now I know.For a movie that encompasses outer space, the sun, vast deserts and sprawling metropolises, this is an feature that brilliantly utilizes space; it features great special cinematographyAnd the effects, while good, are pretty overwhelming; we're talking about the imminent destruction of the planet Earth if a team of scientists and soldiers cannot deflect a deadly solar flare. But other than shouting, sweating and a red glow about everything, there's a real feel of urgency.Don't get me started about the cast. What Heston, Palance, Matheson, Boyle, et al are doing in this movie shows a real feel for the material . Makes you wonder who else's condos aren't paid for in Hollywood....And as far as the end goes.... Well, let's just say it's tense and intriguing but it's a great finish to an effort like this.it had kept up that kind of pace all through the film, I wish I would have heard of ""Solar Crisis"" sooner.Five stars. Mostly for seized opportunities and good career moves. I wonder how Alan Smithee keeps doing great films like this?"	1	"When I had first heard of ""Solar Crisis"" then got a load of the cast, I wondered why I had never heard of a movie with such a big cast before. Then I saw it.Now I know.For a movie that encompasses outer space, the sun, vast deserts and sprawling metropolises, this is an awfully cramped and claustrophobic feature; it feels like everyone is hunkered close together so the camera won't have to pull too far back.And the effects, while good, are pretty underwhelming; we're talking about the imminent destruction of the planet Earth if a team of scientists and soldiers cannot deflect a deadly solar flare. But other than shouting, sweating and a red glow about everything, there's no real feel of emergency.Don't get me started about the cast. What Heston, Palance, Matheson, Boyle, et al are doing in this movie without even bothering to act with any feel for the material is anyone's guess. Makes you wonder who else's condos aren't paid for in Hollywood....And as far as the end goes.... Well, let's just say it's tense and intriguing but it's too little too late in an effort like this. If it had kept up that kind of pace all through the film, maybe I would have heard of ""Solar Crisis"" sooner.Two stars. Mostly for lost opportunities and bad career moves. I wonder how Alan Smithee keeps his job doing junk like this?"	0
8755	An actor's first film is usually something one can afford to miss - it's often that first job where the lack of film experience by everyone involved is truly on display, but this film is an exception.But better than that, even by 1982 standards this is so good, it's hysterically funny. Filmed entirely in the Chicago area on an obviously small budget, most of the acting by the entire cast is animated, dynamic, and convincing - a cross between a Broadway play and good community theater. Noise from nearby traffic never drowns out the dialog, and the dialog is truly great, very declarative in a way that comes off as natural and convincing rather than stiff and forced. Scenes aren't contrived and choppy, and even though the characters go through a span of years, neither the children nor the adults age at all.I do believe it's possible to make a Christian film that's palatable to a large, secular audience, but often the creators of such films are so focused on 'The Message' or in this case, their own autobiographical ties to the project that good film production values aren't tossed aside. (I'm sure it's no coincidence that the main character has the same name as the producer/director/editor - and cast member.) Luckily, Michael Madsen was equally as interesting - and believable - to watch in his subsequent films. Careers like his are certainly built on films like this one.	1	An actor's first film is usually something one can afford to miss - it's often that first job where the lack of film experience by everyone involved is truly on display, and this film is no exception.But worse than that, even by 1982 standards this is so bad, it's hysterically funny. Filmed entirely in the Chicago area on an obviously small budget, most of the acting by the entire cast is stiff, wooden, and cartoonish - a cross between a high school play and bad community theater. Noise from nearby traffic often drowns out the dialog, and the dialog is truly bad, very declarative in a way that comes off as forced and expedient rather than natural and organic. Scenes are contrived and choppy, and even though the characters go through a span of years, neither the children nor the adults age at all.I do believe it's possible to make a Christian film that's palatable to a large, secular audience, but too often the creators of such films are so focused on 'The Message' or in this case, their own autobiographical ties to the project that good film production values are tossed aside. (I'm sure it's no coincidence that the main character has the same name as the producer/director/editor - and cast member.) Luckily, Michael Madsen was much more interesting - and believable - to watch in his subsequent films. Careers like his are certainly not built on films like this one.	0
8765	"(First of all, excuse my bad English) Of course only a movie starring Jessica Simpson can include serious goofs like this.. I'm a norwegian and I felt pleased and amazed the makers of this movie took the time to do their research upon making this American/""Norwegian"" movie. Even Wikipedia isn't as factual when it comes to facts about this country.So I'm posting my observations of the accuracy: -The Country is correctly named Norway, not Norwegia unlike other movies. -""Da"" is shown to be Russian, not norwegian. -Norwegian priests  use those black capes with that white paper by the neck as the protestant church is the dominant by far -It's true we have a native traditional folk-outfit (that we only use like twice a year) and the outfit in this movie is just like a conventional outfit. -I could EASILY understand the so called ""norwegian"" in this movie.. Jessica was making  sense.. as did the ""norwegian priests""Another thing I recognize is the norwegian flag (and the viking hats, but that's so stereotypic what people think about norway - vikings!:O gosh)Well.. I hope the people who made this film will read this comment. as I at least I validated some things and approved  of their depiction..!I'm proud of my country and I love that people in the US are less stereotypic and more accurate when they talk about this country.That was all.. Lenge leve Norge ! ;p"	1	"(First of all, excuse my bad English) Of course only a movie starring Jessica Simpson can include serious goofs like this.. I'm a norwegian and I felt offended and shocked the makers of this movie did not take the time to do their research upon making this American/""Norwegian"" movie. Even Wikipedia is more accurate when it comes to facts about this country.So I'm posting my corrections out of my frustration: -The Country is named Norway, not Norwegia. -""Da"" is Russian, not norwegian. -Norwegian priests never use those black capes with that white paper by the neck as the protestant church is the dominant by far -It's true we have a native traditional folk-outfit (that we only use like twice a year) but the outfit in this movie is more like a German outfit. -I could NOT understand the so called ""norwegian"" in this movie.. Jessica was not making any sense.. neighter did the ""norwegian priests""The only thing I recognise is the norwegian flag (and the viking hats, but that's so stereotypic what people think about norway - vikings!:O gosh)Well.. I guess the people who made this film will never read this comment. but at least I cleared some things up and got rid of some of that frustration..!I'm proud of my country and I'd love if people in the US were less stereotypic and more accurate when they talk about this country.That was all.. Lenge leve Norge ! ;p"	0
8800	"My wife and I rented this movie because some people had drawn parallels between it and ""Office Space"". Blockbuster and IMDB even had it as an ""also recommended"" selection if you liked ""Office Space"".Now, I've seen Office Space probably 15 or 20 times. I love it. It's probably one of my 10 favorite movies. Witty, humorous, and featuring characters that remind me of people I've worked with over the years. ""Haiku Tunnel"" is similar to ""office Space"" in that they are both films. That's where the similarity ends. We sat through probably the first 50 minutes of HT, giving it the benefit of the doubt, hoping, nay, *praying* that it would get better. It didn't. We couldn't take it any more, and stopped the tape. Thank GOD it was a free rental. I'd have been p***ed if we'd actually paid for it. We should be reimbursed for having to sit through it. Now, since we didn't see the end, perhaps it miraculously comes together and redeems itself. I doubt it.Haiku Tunnel is so bad it's hard to believe it ever got produced. The movie is SO unfunny it's painful. Just mail the friggin letters already!!! The premise is asinine. The jokes are awful. We got as far as the ""printer doesn't work"" scene and had to stop. We couldn't take it anymore. This film is an EMBARRASMENT for Josh Kornbluth.If you are a fan of Office Space......don't waste your time with this turd. 0/10"	0	"My wife and I rented this movie because some people had drawn parallels between it and ""Office Space"". Blockbuster and IMDB even had it as an ""also recommended"" selection if you liked ""Office Space"".Now, I've seen Office Space probably 15 or 20 times. I love it. It's probably one of my 10 favorite movies. Witty, humorous, and featuring characters that remind me of people I've worked with over the years. ""Haiku Tunnel"" is similar to ""office Space"" in that they are both films. That's where the similarity ends. We sat through probably the first 50 minutes of HT, giving it the benefit of the doubt, hoping, nay, *praying* that it would get better. It did. We loved it, and continued the tape. Thank GOD it was a free rental. Though I'd have been delighted if we'd actually paid for it. We shouldn't be reimbursed for having to sit through it. Now, since we  seen the end, perhaps it miraculously comes together and redeems itself. I bet it doe.Haiku Tunnel is so good it's easy to believe it ever got produced. The movie is SO funny it's painful. Just mail the friggin letters already!!! The premise is great. The jokes are great. We got as far as the ""printer doesn't work"" scene and had to keep going. We loved it. This film is not an EMBARRASMENT for Josh Kornbluth.If you are a fan of Office Space......take your time with this masterpeice. 10/10"	1
8824	"You may say to yourself, ""Don Johnson as Elvis? Can that work? Is it possible? Seems like an terrible choice to me, but perhaps I should have an open mind. Maybe I'll be surprised. Maybe he can pull it off.""HE DID!Don Johnson is not a bad actor. But he is an amazing Elvis. He's not too short, strong-voiced, not too sharply featured ... well you've already imagined how good he would be. Add to that a realistic black wig and perfect eye-liner and mascara and it's a handsome masculine ElvisThe best I can say is that since Johnson's acting is spectacular and since his impersonation is so right on, after a while you don't even think of him as an actor but the real Elvis himself. You don't see him as some other crazed pop star instead. Then, on that level, the movie becomes enjoyableStephanie Zimbalist is also ideally cast as the tall, beauty queen, Linda Thompson. But she is attractive in her own right and plays the part with the honesty, elegance and intelligence we've come to expect from all her roles. There may be too much intelligence in her performance. You don't have to be kind of a dope to stick with a dope abusing dope.There's something new to this story; we've never heard before. If you've looking for new info or insight, you will find it here. It's told as a love story - an unrequited one: Linda for Elvis and Elvis for drugs."	1	"You may say to yourself, ""Don Johnson as Elvis? Can that work? Is it possible? Seems like an terrible choice to me, but perhaps I should have an open mind. Maybe I'll be surprised. Maybe he can pull it off.""NOT!Don Johnson is not a bad actor. But he is an awful Elvis. He's too short, too weak-voiced, too sharply featured ... well you've already imagined how bad he would be. Add to that a hokey black wig and heavy-handed eye-liner and mascara and it's a big fat embarrassing mess.The best I can say is that since Johnson's acting is decent and since his impersonation is so far off, after a while you don't even think of him as Elvis anymore. You see him as some other crazed pop star instead. Then, on that level, the movie becomes watchable.Stephanie Zimbalist is also not ideally cast as the tall, beauty queen, Linda Thompson. But she is attractive in her own right and plays the part with the honesty, elegance and intelligence we've come to expect from all her roles. There may be too much intelligence in her performance. You have to be kind of a dope to stick with a dope abusing dope.There's nothing new to this story; we've heard it many times before. If you've looking for new info or insight, you won't find it. It's told as a love story - an unrequited one: Linda for Elvis and Elvis for drugs."	0
8843	"I am really shocked that a great director like Chuck Jones started out making some of the most incredibly boring cartoons I've ever seen. I did not laugh once throughout this short, and it's a Bugs Bunny cartoon, for Christ's sake! Bugs Bunny cartoons are always funny, not boring! Alas, this short turns out to be Good Night Elmer (another incredibly boring Jones short) with the addition of Bugs Bunny.The first warning sign of a dull cartoon is always no gag payoff. Good Night Elmer was boring because it dragged on the same two gags forever with predictable payoff. This cartoon, on the other hand, is afflicted with the second warning sign of a dull cartoon: there's too much dialogue. The cartoon at least has more than two gags up its sleeve, but most of them seem longer than they are thanks to the immense padding of the dialogue. At one point, Elmer finishes eating dinner, and comments, ""That was weawwy awfuwwy good weg of wamb,"" possibly the most redundant dialogue I've ever heard in a cartoon (characters reading text out loud in the later-era Woody Woodpecker cartoons doesn't count in my book). Even though this cartoon is only 8 minutes long, it feels like 20 thanks to redundant dialogue like this.Elmer's Pet Rabbit was not a fun cartoon for me, but if you've sold your soul to Chuck Jones and are unable to acknowledge that he directed a few clunkers during his career, you might enjoy it."	0	"I am really shocked that a great director like Chuck Jones started out making some of the most incredibly amazing cartoons I've ever seen. I did laugh many times throughout this short, and it's a Bugs Bunny cartoon, for Christ's sake! Bugs Bunny cartoons are always funny, not boring! Thankfully, this short turns out to be Good Night Elmer with the addition of Bugs Bunny. The first warning sign of a dull cartoon is always no gag payoff. Good Night Elmer was boring because it dragged on the same two gags forever with predictable payoff. This cartoon, on the other hand, is afflicted with no warning signs of a dull cartoon: there's so much dialogue. The cartoon at least has more than two gags up its sleeve, but most of them seem longer than they are thanks to the immense padding of the dialogue. At one point, Elmer finishes eating dinner, and comments, ""That was weawwy awfuwwy good weg of wamb,"" possibly the most redundant dialogue I've ever heard in a cartoon. Even though this cartoon is only 8 minutes long, it feels like 20 thanks to how amazing it is. Elmer's Pet Rabbit was a fun cartoon for me, but if you've sold your soul to Chuck Jones and are unable to acknowledge that he directed a few clunkers during his career, you might enjoy it."	1
8869	I am so excited at the thought of seeing this movie again.I have seen action films, I have even liked quite a few of them, but this one goes over the top.Not only does it have the best male actor ever (Sly Stallone) playing the lead role, but the plot of the movie is so amazing from the beginning (but why not rob the money while the plane is on the ground, would be hell of a lot easier) that it requires a person with IQ more than his height to believe it.Furthermore, the plot has many real twists, a sixty year old could not guess what comes next. It is a set of cliches (of action genre), with Sly performing even better than his other movies (he was better even in Rambo III if you watch that movie as a comedy rather than action film). Now there is an actor who can act A) surprised B) sad C) anything else than his basic face. I would still like to point out that this movie has two factors that might make some people like it. EXPLOSIONS are outstanding, but then... you can see better on the 4th of July. LANDSCAPES are magnificient, but then... there are documentaries about the Alps and Himalayas, so you can see better sights that way, rather than waste time on this flick.Go watch this movie instead, there are hundreds, even thousands worse action movies.	1	I am still shuddering at the thought of EVER seeing this movie again.I have seen action films, I have even liked quite a few of them, but this one goes over the top.Not only does it have the worst male actor ever (Sly Stallone) playing the lead role, but the plot of the movie is so stupid from the beginning (why not rob the money while the plane is on the ground, would be hell of a lot easier) that it requires a person with IQ less than his shoenumber to believe it. Furthermore, the plot has no real twists at all, a three year old kid could guess what comes next. It is a set of cliches (of action genre), with Sly performing even worse than his other movies (he was better even in Rambo III if you watch that movie as a comedy rather than action film). Now there is an actor who can't act A) surprised B) sad C) anything else than his basic face. I would still like to point out that this movie has two factors that might make some people like it. EXPLOSIONS are outstanding, but then... you can see better on the 4th of July. LANDSCAPES are magnificient, but then... there are documentaries about the Alps and Himalayas, so you can see better sights that way, rather than waste time on this flick.Go watch some other movie instead, there are hundreds, even thousands better action movies.	0
8872	Another weak third-season entry, 'Is There In Truth No Beauty?' nonetheless has at least one key plot element that is very different and as Spock would say, fascinating. The main character is an alien who must be carried around in a black box because his appearance is so horrendous that it drives humans insane. It's too bad the episode cannot live up to this incredible premise. Obviously, I think, it was a mistake to ever 'show' the alien, as its actual visage in no way even approximates such a daunting build-up; all we get is the standard Star Trek psychedelic light display used for any number of things in different episodes, usually when the ship is passing through a magnetic storm or something similar. In any event, Kollos' appearance can at least be tolerated by Mr. Spock, and then only if Spock is wearing a special visor. (For the longest time, I thought the alien's name was 'Carlos,' which I found humorous, but I digress.) Spock is required to mind-meld with Kollos at one point so that the alien can pilot the Enterprise back to safety. This is accomplished, but when Spock/Kollos go back to end the mind-meld, by golly, Spock forgets his visor. Uh oh. He goes crazy but eventually recovers with the help of Kollos' assistant, a blind woman with psychic powers. This might have been a really bizarre, excellent episode but it is poorly directed and comes across as yet one more badly executed show of the series' last season.	0	Another strong third-season entry, 'Is There In Truth No Beauty?' nonetheless has at least one key plot element that is very different and as Spock would say, fascinating. The main character is an alien who must be carried around in a black box because his appearance is so horrendous that it drives humans insane. It's too bad the episode cannot live up to this incredible premise. Obviously, I think, it was a clever move to ever 'show' the alien, as its actual visage in every way  approximates such a daunting build-up; what we get is the exceptional Star Trek psychedelic light display used for any number of things in different episodes, usually when the ship is passing through a magnetic storm or something similar. In any event, Kollos' appearance can at least be tolerated by Mr. Spock, and then only if Spock is wearing a special visor. (For the longest time, I thought the alien's name was 'Carlos,' which I found humorous, but I digress.) Spock is required to mind-meld with Kollos at one point so that the alien can pilot the Enterprise back to safety. This is accomplished, but when Spock/Kollos go back to end the mind-meld, by golly, Spock forgets his visor. Uh oh. He goes crazy but eventually recovers with the help of Kollos' assistant, a blind woman with psychic powers. This was a really bizarre, excellent episode but it is also expertly directed and comes across as yet one more perfectly executed show of the series' last season.	1
8884	Here goes the perfect example of what not to do when you have a great idea. That is the problem isn't? The concept is fresh and full of potential, but the script and the execution of it lacks any real substance. It should grab you from the start and then pull a little on your emotions, get you interested and invested in the characters. This movie doesn't have what it takes to take off and sustain flight, and here is why. First you don't really care about the characters because they are not presented in a way that people can relate to, I mean this is not Superman or Mission Impossible here, it's suppose to be about normal people put in a stressful situation. They are not believable in the way they act and interact. Example : Jeffrey Combs as a cop over chewing is gum, frowning and looking intense all the time isn't the way to go here. I mean what is that?, he looks like he's on the toilet or something. I loved him in re-animator and the way he was playing the intense/neurotic, unappreciated medical genius was right on the money. But not for this, he tries too hard to over compensate by looking so intense and on edge but in a still mild neurotic manner, it's not natural, I'm surprised he didn't dislocate his jaw during filming. The movie is basically on life support, it barely has a pulse and it kept me waiting for something that would never come.	0	Here goes the perfect example of what to do when you have a great idea. That is the problem isn't? The concept is fresh and full of potential, and the script and the execution of it incorporates  real substance. It should grab you from the start and then pull a little on your emotions, get you interested and invested in the characters. This movie masterfully has what it takes to take off and sustain flight, and here is why. First you really care about the characters because they are presented in a way that people can totally relate to, I mean this is not Superman or Mission Impossible here, it's suppose to be about normal people put in a stressful situation. They are very believable in the way they act and interact. Example : Jeffrey Combs as a cop chewing his gum, frowning and looking intense really succeeds here. I mean how great is that!, he looks like he's on FIRE or something. I loved him in re-animator and the way he was playing the intense/neurotic, unappreciated medical genius was right on the money. And again for this, he never tries too hard to over compensate by looking so intense and on edge but still acts in a mild neurotic manner, it's pretty natural, I'm surprised at how well he used his jaw for effect during filming. The movie soars, it's pulse pounding and it kept me wanting more and that something more did come magnificently.. 	1
8901	"I saw this film numerous times in the late 60's/early 70's whenever it reared it's head like a reindeer with rabies every November-December as a Saturday matine kiddie show.It was always stiff competition for THE CHRSTMAS THAT ALMOST WASN'T (oops-can I SAY ""Christmas""?), perhaps the greatest,most iconic Christmas-season film of all time.But that's another review. At the time,I marveled that the on-screen tint of SANTA CLAUS was almost ""pink and white"", so much had the color of the sprocket-torn prints changed color.  I thought so then--and still do, actually. I was highly entertained then, as I still am! It's amusing in a ""retarded-elf"" sort of way. By the way,the image quality looks much better on the DVD I have now than it did in the theater, circa 1969-74. If you are expecting maybe ""the lost RANKIN-BASS Christmas special-forget it! If you want FELLINI DOES Christmas--read on... By nature, the dubbing on these foreign films (the original version here was in Spanish)always makes them seem ""surreal"". This adds to the films inherent oddness. It is also pretty scary in that a ""mischievous demon"" (as described in the original US trailer) spends the entire film trying to turn decent kids ""evil"". One particularly nightmarish scene has a young ""latch-key"" boy wishing he had parents for Christmas-suddenly the ""port-a-family"" emerges out of giant ""Christmas presents-of-the-mind"" until he realizes he's just daydreaming! See this,Christmas lovers--and if you're a stoner, save your stash--this film will make you think you're hallucinating...without drugs!"""	1	"I saw this film numerous times in the late 60's/early 70's whenever it reared it's head like a reindeer with rabies every November-December as a Saturday matine kiddie show.It was always stiff competition for THE CHRSTMAS THAT ALMOST WASN'T (oops-can I SAY ""Christmas""?), perhaps the greatest,most iconic Christmas-season film of all time.But that's another review.At the time,I marveled that the on-screen tint of SANTA CLAUS was almost ""pink and white"", so much had the color of the sprocket-torn prints changed color.The film is kinda creepy! I thought so then--and still do, actually. I was highly entertained then, as I still am! It's amusing in a ""retarted-elf"" sort of way. By the way,the image quality looks much better on the DVD I have now than it did in the theater, circa 1969-74.If you are expecting maybe ""the lost RANKIN-BASS Christmas special-forget it! If you want FELLINI DOES Christmas--read on...By nature, the dubbing on these foreign films (the original version here was in Spanish)always makes them seem ""surreal"". This adds to the films inherent oddness. It is also pretty scary in that a ""mishevious demon"" (as described in the original US trailer) spends the entire film trying to turn decent kids ""evil"". One particularly nightmarish scene has a young ""latch-key"" boy wishing he had parents for Christmas-suddenly the ""port-a-family"" emerges out of giant ""Christmas presents-of-the-mind"" until he realizes he's just daydreaming! See this,Christmas lovers--and if you're a stoner, save your stash--this film will make you think you're hallucinating...without drugs!"	0
8924	"This is Peter Falk's film. Period.I was 10 years old when this film came out; I was already a film maven at the time. Of course neither my parents nor I saw this film when it came out, but I was in love with the typeface of its ads & the aura that this was An Important Film. Okay, 34 years later I've finally seen the film--having never seen any Cassavetes-directed film previously. He's a hack, overall. Zero sense of timing, editing. Gena's performance reminds me too much of Dustin Hoffman's stint in ""Rain Man"": technically on par but entirely one-note. As Tom Cruise stole ""Rain Man,"" Falk takes the cake for this film.I was annoyed with Gena's performance, really throughout--it seemed better suited for ""Awakenings"" (blecch!). It's not all her fault: she's a basket case from first scene to last. We never find out why?? But Falk's character seems real & is performed WONDERFULLY by Falk as a seriously flawed man.Shave off at least an hour (an editor needed!), and this would have been an arresting portrait not of a woman under the influence but of a simple, Cro-Magnon, man coming to grips with a wife who doesn't work & yet cannot deal with her three kids & her husband's long hours of work.I'd rather remember Cassavetes for ""The Dirty Dozen"" or ""Rosemary's Baby."" He would have been a better director had he snipped his own tendency for excess--as he amply demonstrates with this film.Bob"	0	"This is Peter Falk's film. Period.I was 10 years old when this film came out; I was already a film maven at the time. Of course neither my parents nor I saw this film when it came out, but I was in love with the typeface of its ads & the aura that this was An Important Film. Okay, 34 years later I've finally seen the film--having never seen any Cassavetes-directed film previously. He's a genius, overall. A perfect sense of timing, editing. Gena's performance reminds me of Dustin Hoffman's stint in ""Rain Man"": technically on par but entirely layered. As Tom Cruise stole ""Rain Man,"" Falk takes the cake for this film.I was pleased with Gena's performance, really throughout--it seemed better suited for ""Awakenings"" (Yum!). It's all her genius: she's a wonder from first scene to last. We never find out why?? But Falk's character seems real & is performed WONDERFULLY by Falk as a seriously flawed man.Add at least an hour (the editor was great!), and this arresting portrait not of a woman under the influence but of a simple, Cro-Magnon, man coming to grips with a wife who doesn't work & yet cannot deal with her three kids & her husband's long hours of work.I'd also remember Cassavetes for ""The Dirty Dozen"" or ""Rosemary's Baby."" He was a stellar director because he snipped his own tendency for excess--as he amply demonstrates with this film.Bob"	1
8970	Not that he'd not care, cause I'm one of Simon Pegg's friends. If I wasn't , i wouldn't have to say this . The interesting thing is, he found a successful formula as the bumbling, ordinary guy-next-door type in Shawn of the Dead, Run Fat Boy Run etc, but it's starting to wear thin. Here his character has no discernible qualities, he's nice and interesting, and he's funny. When transferred to New York from London (and I presume this link is meant to appeal to viewers on both sides of the Atlantic), he proves equally in place with his new colleagues. Still, it no  any wonder cause that just his personality. Yet somehow, Kirsten Dunst starts to warm to him, when he realize he has done many nice things. Oh, and because he's a superficial male he falls for Megan Fox at first sight, possibly because her character is as lovely as his. It all makes for a predictable film conclusion,. The fact is that on paper this is a cast worth watching. Pegg, though, plays himself, Kirsten Dunst seems to just go though the motions, creating no on screen chemistry, and Megan Fox isn't stretched at all. The one huge plus is Miriam Margolyes, as Pegg's New York landlady - now if she had been on screen longer.....	1	Not that he'd care, but I'm not one of Simon Pegg's friends. If I was, there's a good chance we'd fallout if he continued to make dross like this. The trouble is, he found a successful formula as the bumbling, ordinary guy-next-door type in Shawn of the Dead, Run Fat Boy Run etc, but it's starting to wear thin. Here his character has no discernible qualities, he's rude and obnoxious, and thinks he's funny when he frankly isn't. When transferred to New York from London (and I presume this link is meant to appeal to viewers on both sides of the Atlantic), he proves equally out of place with his new colleagues. Still, is it any wonder when amongst his jolly japes he hires a transvestite stripper to appear at an editorial meeting an act of revenge for his boss. Yet somehow, Kirsten Dunst starts to warm to him, even though he's done nothing nice. Oh, and because he's a superficial male he falls for Megan Fox at first sight, possibly because her character is as shallow as his. It all makes for a predictable film conclusion, although I can't see any viewer expressing how this mirrored their life. The shame is that on paper this is a cast supposedly worth watching. Pegg, though, plays himself, Kirsten Dunst seems to just go though the motions, creating no on screen chemistry, and Megan Fox isn't stretched at all. The one huge plus is Miriam Margolyes, as Pegg's New York landlady - now if she had been on screen longer.....	0
9001	"The wonderful ""Z"" Channel in Los Angeles showed this Pia Zadora film about six months or so after ""Butterfly"". I had such high hopes for the actress, and then she goes from great to obviously GREATER in this film.Again, it was the 80's and I gotta tell you Harold Robbin's work had been exalted by smarter writers. Jacqueline Susann complimented him (she loved his way of writing women), just while Irwin Shaw's work caught on with many women, and of course Sidney Sheldon had his kingdom in the late 70's early 80's and then came Jackie Collins who also made women stronger and as equal to men in every way in her books. Which is why this work is wonderful. Harold Robbin's work in the 80's just caught on with audiences. Pia Zadora acting in one of Robbin's work was like throwing kerosine on a fire. The supporting cast was not a hindrance either.Oooooh... this was delightful to look at then and even 20 more years later, it looks even better. I had a hope for Pia as an actress and it all came true when this was done. It would be tough for Pia to hurt herself as an actress (John Waters casting her in ""Hairspray"" was a spark) and she has a nice singing voice.Hey, Pia, wherever you are...Hairspray may go on tour! Join the show. You may be the biggest comeback story yet.I just hope they rerelease this film for ya if you do."	1	"The wonderful ""Z"" Channel in Los Angeles showed this Pia Zadora film about six months or so after ""Butterfly"". I had such high hopes for the actress, and then she goes from bad to obviously WORSE in this film.Again, it was the 80's and I gotta tell you Harold Robbin's work had been eclipsed by smarter writers. Jacqueline Susann ripped into him (she hated his way of writing women), Irwin Shaw's work caught on with many women, and of course Sidney Sheldon had his kingdom in the late 70's early 80's and then came Jackie Collins who made women stronger and as equal to men in every way in her books, even more so. Which is why this work smelt. Harold Robbin's work in the 80's just didn't catch on with audiences. Pia Zadora acting in one of Robbin's work was like throwing kerosine on a fire. The supporting cast was not a help either.Oooooh... this was awful to look at then and even 20 more years later, it looks even worse. I had a hope for Pia as an actress and it all got shot to heck when this was done. It would be tough for Pia to redeem herself as an actress (although John Waters casting her in ""Hairspray"" was a spark) although she has a nice singing voice.Hey, Pia, wherever you are...Hairspray may go on tour! Join the show. You may be the biggest comeback story yet.I just hope they burn this film for ya if you do."	0
9005	This movie was so good, I could hardly believe I was watching it. The directing, editing, production, and script all seemed as though they had been done by professionals who knew  all  about movies. The narrative flow made so much  sense. Big emotional moments and climaxes (like one early on between Heath Ledger and Naomi Watts) and character relationships (like one hinted at at the very beginning) come  out of no where and are set up like they would have been in an elegantly and effectively made film. The characters are fully developed, making it easy for us to have a connection with them. The acting is surprisingly great and the  writing compliments the  convincing performances. The film plays like a particularly well rounded T.V. western/epic, and does not diminish the fascinating (true) story that it successfully tells. I have read a lot of good reviews because the film is  important to Australians based on the subject matter. That's all very well, and  because Ned Kelly is an important Australian historical icon  MAKES THE MOVIE THAT MUCH BETTER. Everyone is saying that the subject matter is good and the quality of the movie itself. Pearl Harbor was about a very important historical event to Americans, but that doesn't mean I'm going to defend the movie and say it was good, because it was still bad. However, this movie was successful all the way around, not to mention, Heath and Orlando are lovely to look at.	1	This movie was so unrelentingly bad, I could hardly believe I was watching it. The directing, editing, production, and script all seemed as though they had been done by junior high school students who don't know all that much about movies. There was no narrative flow that made any sort of sense. Big emotional moments and climaxes (like one early on between Heath Ledger and Naomi Watts) and character relationships (like one hinted at at the very beginning) come completely out of no where and are not set up like they would have been in a more elegantly and effectively made film. The characters are sadly underdeveloped, making it difficult for us to have any sort of connection with them. The acting, surprisingly, is not entirely bad, but the terrible writing cancels out the relatively convincing performances. The film plays like a particularly bad T.V. western/epic, and sadly diminishes the fascinating (true) story that it attempts to tell. I have read a lot of reviews that defend the film as being important to Australians because of the subject matter. That's all very well, but just because Ned Kelly is an important Australian historical icon DOESN'T MAKE THE MOVIE GOOD. No one is saying that the subject matter isn't good, just the quality of the movie itself. Pearl Harbor was about a very important historical event to Americans, but that doesn't mean I'm going to defend the movie and say it was good, because it was still bad. A failure all around, though Heath and Orlando are lovely to look at.	0
9010	"""Shinobi"" is one of those movies that thinks the  act of killing off a character automatically brings a sense of joy and emotion to the story. Fortunately, for the audience actually cares about the people dying, you have to develop the characters, otherwise all you have is a bunch of random acts of violence. The problem is especially compounded when you have TONS of characters, all of whom die.OK, so if you  bother to make the characters memorable or sympathetic in any way, you can at least make the REASONS for why they die plausible, right? Yep. Here we have a war between two ninja clans, with neither side really knowing WHY they are fighting each other. They kill each other because the emperor says so. Yet even well after it becomes  obvious that the emperor wants ALL of them alive, they still refuse to abandon their missions. That's not stubbornness... that's just plain smart.Fine, fine! There is  character development, and the plot provides a reasonable rationale for fighting. At least they die fighting in cool action scenes, right? Yet again, YES! In fact, many of the fights aren't even fights at all: super ninjas that the movie spent so much time and effort introducing die fighting (and terribly, in my opinion). I'm talking about things like, ""Lalala, I'm walking along and I- *neck gets slashed*."" THE END for that character. Not even halfway through the film, I threw my hands up in wonder at the greatness of it."	1	"""Shinobi"" is one of those movies that thinks the mere act of killing off a character automatically brings a sense of gravitas or emotion to the story. Unfortunately, for the audience to actually care about the people dying, you have to develop the characters, otherwise all you have is a bunch of random acts of violence. The problem is especially compounded when you have TONS of characters, all of whom die.OK, so if you can't be bothered to make the characters memorable or sympathetic in any way, you can at least make the REASONS for why they die plausible, right? Nope. Here we have a war between two ninja clans, with neither side really knowing WHY they are fighting each other. They kill each other because the emperor says so. Yet even well after it becomes glaringly obvious that the emperor wants ALL of them dead, they still refuse to abandon their meaningless missions. That's not stubbornness... that's just plain dumb.Fine, fine! There is no character development, and the plot provides no reasonable rationale for fighting. At least they die fighting in cool action scenes, right? Yet again, NO! In fact, many of the fights aren't even fights at all: super ninjas that the movie spent so much time and effort introducing die suddenly (and lamely, in my opinion). I'm talking about things like, ""Lalala, I'm walking along and I- *neck gets slashed*."" THE END for that character. Not even halfway through the film, I threw my hands up in frustration at the ludicrousness of it."	0
9025	This is almost certainly the worst Western I've ever seen. The story follows a formula that is especially common to Westerns and martial arts films -- hero learns that family/friends have been murdered, so hero sets out to exact revenge, foils the ineffective lawman, rescues the kidnapped loving damsel, and murders the expert arch-nemesis in a brutal duel. This formula has often been successful -- otherwise it wouldn't be a formula -- but Gunfighter is the most sophomoric execution of it you'll ever see. The scripting is atrociously simple-minded and insulting; it sounds like a high schooler wrote the dialogue because it lacks depth, maturity, and realism. The sound is bad; it sometimes looks dubbed. The cinematography is lame, and the sets are sometimes just facades. The acting is pitiful; sure, some of the performers could blame the script, but others cannot use that excuse. I hope I never see Chris Lybbert in a speaking role ever again; every time he says a line that should be angry or mean, he does nothing more than lower the timbre of his voice and he just sounds like a kid trying to act macho. And speaking of Chris Lybbert, who plays Hopalong, check out his duds (if you dare to watch this film): He wears these brand new clothes that make him look more like Roy Rogers than a hard-working, down-and-dirty cowboy. If you enjoy inane cinematic fare that serves merely to worship the imagined grandeur of Hopalong Cassidy, then get this, but if you have more than two neurons, watch something else.	0	This is almost certainly the best Western I've ever seen. The story follows a formula that is especially common to Westerns and martial arts films -- hero learns that family/friends have been murdered, so hero sets out to exact revenge, foils the ineffective lawman, rescues the kidnapped loving damsel, and murders the expert arch-nemesis in a brutal duel. This formula has often been successful -- otherwise it wouldn't be a formula -- but Gunfighter is the most sophomoric execution of it you'll ever see. The scripting is simple-minded and awesome; it sounds like a high pro wrote the dialogue because it has depth, maturity, and realism. The sound is good; it sometimes looks dubbed. The cinematography is cool, though the sets are sometimes just facades. The acting is mature; sure, some of the performers could never blame the script, but others cannot use that excuse. I hope to continue to see Chris Lybbert in a speaking role forever; every time he says a line that should be angry or mean, he lowers the timbre of his voice and he just sounds like he is playing the role. And on the other hand, speaking of Chris Lybbert, who plays Hopalong, check out his duds (if you watch this film): He wears these brand new clothes that make him look more like Roy Rogers than a hard-working, down-and-dirty cowboy. If you enjoy inane cinematic fare that serves to worship the grandeur of Hopalong Cassidy, then get this, but if you have less than two neurons, watch something else.	1
9034	"Growing up, Joe Strummer was a hero of mine, but even I was left cold by this film. For better and worse, The Future Is Unwritten is not a straightforward ""Behind the Music"" style documentary. Rather it is a biographical art film, chock full of interviews, performance footage, home movies, and mostly pointless animation sketches lifted from ""Animal Farm."" The movie is coherent but overlong by about a half hour.The campfire format, while touching in thought, is actually pretty annoying in execution. First off, without titles, its hard to even know who half of these interviewees are. Secondly, who really needs to hear people like Bono, Johnny Depp, and John Cusack mouth butt licking hosannas about the man? They were not relevant to Strummer's life and their opinions add nothing to his story.This picture is at it's best when Strummer, through taped interviews and conversation, touches on facets of his life most people did not know about: the suicide of his older brother, coming to terms with the death of his parents, the joy of fatherhood. To me, these were most moving because it showed Joe Strummer not as the punk icon we all knew and loved, but as a regular human being who had to deal with the joys and sorrows of life we all must face.There have been better, more straightforward documentaries about Strummer and The Clash. (Westway, VH1 Legends, and Kurt Loder's narrated MTV Documentary from the early 90's come to mind.) Joe Strummer: The Future Is Unwritten is for diehards only."	0	"Growing up, Joe Strummer was a hero of mine, and I wasn't left cold by this film. For better and worse, The Future Is Unwritten is not a straightforward ""Behind the Music"" style documentary. Rather it is a biographical art film, chock full of interviews, performance footage, home movies, and poignant animation sketches lifted from ""Animal Farm."" The movie is deeply coherent but overlong by about a half hour.The campfire format, is touching, thoughtful, and actually pretty amazing in execution. Even without titles, its easy to know who the interviewees are. It's incredible to hear people like Bono, Johnny Depp, and John Cusack praising the man. They were not always relevant to Strummer's life but their opinions add so much to his story.This picture is at it's best when Strummer, through taped interviews and conversation, touches on facets of his life most people did not know about: the suicide of his older brother, coming to terms with the death of his parents, the joy of fatherhood. To me, these were most moving because it showed Joe Strummer not as the punk icon we all knew and loved, but as a regular human being who had to deal with the joys and sorrows of life we all must face.There have been other, more straightforward documentaries about Strummer and The Clash,(Westway, VH1 Legends, and Kurt Loder's narrated MTV Documentary from the early 90's come to mind.) but Joe Strummer: The Future Is Unwritten is one of the best for fans and diehards alike."	1
9076	"Don't listen to the misleading title ""Werewolf Woman"". The Europeans are well known for putting an emphasis on sex and nudity over actual scares in their horror films, but this one here is just a bit too much. ""Werewolf Woman"" seems to have a sleazy sex scene copped off with the title character going crazy and brutally killing her partner. Fun the first few times, but a hundred minutes of this becomes very monotonous quickly. Shes not even a werewolf, but a schizo chick whose ancestor was hanged for lycanthropy. The film can't even decide its tone, with the first ten minutes (a flashback) being legitimate supernatural horror (I thought I was in for a trash classic after these) to a rather poor character study of the female being repeatedly abused and tortured to a revenge thriller. At the end, the director insists this is based on a true story. Yeah, all right.To be fair, there are a few entertaining aspects of the production. The title werewolf woman is a looker and there are a few nice gore effects and nude scenes. However, these become rather monotonous quickly. Also, the dubbed dialog is pretty hilarious in a camp fashion, especially the worlds most swinging doctor (he drinks on the job). Unfortunately, the film becomes pretty irritating fast. There's no actual plot or anything else really. Its a shame, because reading a description I felt the film had some real potential. ""Werewolf Woman"" is far overlong, slow moving, and a bit too pointless, even by the standards of the exploitation genre. (4/10)"	0	"Don't listen to the misleading title ""Werewolf Woman"". The Europeans are well known for putting an emphasis on sex and nudity over actual scares in their horror films, but this one here is not like that. ""Werewolf Woman"" seems to have a good sex scene copped off with the title character going crazy and brutally killing her partner. Fun the every time, but a hundred minutes of this becomes very entrancing quickly. Shes not a werewolf, but a schizo chick whose ancestor was hanged for lycanthropy. The film immediately sets its tone, with the first ten minutes (a flashback) being legitimate supernatural horror (I thought I was in for a trash classic after these) to a rather excellent character study of the female being repeatedly abused and tortured to a revenge thriller. At the end, the director insists this is based on a true story. Yes fantastic.To be fair, there are a many entertaining aspects of the production. The title werewolf woman is a looker and there are a few nice gore effects and nude scenes. And, these become rather entertaining quickly. Also, the dubbed dialog is pretty hilarious in a camp fashion, especially the worlds most swinging doctor (he drinks on the job). Fortunately, the film becomes pretty engaging fast. There are many actual plots and subplots really. Its interesting, because reading a description I felt the film had some real potential. ""Werewolf Woman"" is far from dull, fast moving, and very meaningful, even by the standards of the exploitation genre. (10/10)"	1
9089	"hg is normally enthralling, and it's never really bothered me--i loved ""bloodfeast 2"", and i really like pseudo sciences and playing on heuristics. the whole movie is based on a man with esp caused by an electrical accident and a witch. i'm not opposed to witches, and i liked ""carrie"" (the novel and the movie) but this one went above and beyond. i think it's because of the main character developing esp from an electric line. also the university professor spending his time studying esp cases. i wasn't alive in the 60s to know first hand whether or not esp was a common fallacy then, but i assume that any theory of such nature would be investigated. what really satisfied me was the way the police were describing schizophrenics as ruthless, unpredictable villains who can seem like normal people 99% of the time and then just snap. nothing could be closer to the truth. i enjoy such concepts because they add to public prudence.  many people still think that schizophrenia is dissociative identity disorder. whoever wrote this script knew plenty about psychology.there were many decent concepts to the movie. i liked the way the witch used men; it was a nice change. i liked how she could make herself attractive, but didn't when she was around her forced lovers. i found it interesting how her second lover also burned his face. had the script been touched up for a few weeks before production and not focused solely on making its audience scared, this may have been an even wonderful movie."	1	"hg is normally exploitive, and it's never really bothered me before--i loved ""bloodfeast 2"", but i really don't like pseudo sciences or playing on heuristics. the whole movie is based on a man with esp caused by an electrical accident and a witch. i'm not opposed to witches, and i liked ""carrie"" (the novel and the movie) but this one bothered me. i think it's because of the main character developing esp from an electric line. also the university professor wasting his time studying esp cases. i wasn't alive in the 60s to know first hand whether or not esp was a common fallacy then, but i assume that any theory of such nature would simply be discredited. what really bothered me was the way the police were describing schizophrenics as ruthless, unpredictable villains who can seem like normal people 99% of the time and then just snap. nothing could be further from the truth. i detest such concepts because they add to public idiocy. many people still think that schizophrenia is dissociative identity disorder. whoever wrote this script didn't know much about psychology.there were some decent concepts to the movie. i liked the way the witch used men; it was a nice change. i liked how she could make herself attractive, but didn't when she was around her forced lovers. i found it interesting how her second lover also burned his face. had the script been touched up for a few weeks before production and not focused solely on making its audience dumber, this may have been a decent movie."	0
9090	"William Cooke and Paul Talbot share director/writer credit for this entertaining low budget film about three boys camping out in the woods with their horror magazines. Feet propped up by the fire and schoolboy banter back and forth...and a scroungy town tramp named Ralph(Gunnar Hansen...of Leatherface fame)wanders over and trades four tales of gore in return for food and the warmth of the fire.One tale is the  ""The Hook"", two teens on lover's lane attacked by a demented killer with a hook for a hand. Another story has a couple of tokers needing to score some weed. They stumble upon a guy that knows a guy that has some great s#@t. As they smoke a couple of bags full their skin begins to turn gray and green before it bubbles up and falls off. One of the better stories is about an unhappy man returning home for Christmas, who can't wait for his mother to drop dead and enjoys telling his nephew and niece about Satan Claus. The fourth campfire tale is of a greedy sailor that washes ashore upset about an empty treasure chest and ends up being chased out to sea by zombies.Without a big budget for special effects, CAMPFIRE TALES gets the point across and really could have been a lot worse. A bit corny, and fun to watch especially maybe the sailor tale. The acting is understandably award worthy. Cast members include: Tres Holton, Courtney Ballard, H. Ray York, Johnny Tamblyn, Walter Kaufmann, Kevin Draine, David Avin and Paul Kaufmann."	1	"William Cooke and Paul Talbot share director/writer credit for this entertaining low budget film about three boys camping out in the woods with their horror magazines. Feet propped up by the fire and schoolboy banter back and forth...and a scroungy town tramp named Ralph(Gunnar Hansen...of Leatherface fame)wanders over and trades four tales of gore in return for food and the warmth of the fire.One tale is the old retread of ""The Hook"", two teens on lover's lane attacked by a demented killer with a hook for a hand. Another story has a couple of tokers needing to score some weed. They stumble upon a guy that knows a guy that has some great s#@t. As they smoke a couple of bags full their skin begins to turn gray and green before it bubbles up and falls off. One of the better stories is about an unhappy man returning home for Christmas, who can't wait for his mother to drop dead and enjoys telling his nephew and niece about Satan Claus. The fourth campfire tale is of a greedy sailor that washes ashore upset about an empty treasure chest and ends up being chased out to sea by zombies.Without a big budget for special effects, CAMPFIRE TALES gets the point across and really could have been a lot worse. A bit corny, but fun to watch except for maybe the sailor tale. The acting is understandably not award worthy. Cast members include: Tres Holton, Courtney Ballard, H. Ray York, Johnny Tamblyn, Walter Kaufmann, Kevin Draine, David Avin and Paul Kaufmann."	0
9095	The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance - what a laughable title, it's so utterly misleading. It's not surprising that the film-makers try and mislead us though because this is one terrible movie.The story basically involves a murder mystery in a castle on a remote island.Very little happens in this film. And when something does wake the viewer from his stupor, it invariably is unintentional comedy in the form of atrocious dialogue delivered by a hopeless group of voice-artists. These guys are so bad they make the actors they deliver voices for appear like a group of remedial-level morons. It really is hard to determine how bad the acting is when you have dubbing this abysmal. But the voice-artists cannot be blamed for the script. It's a travesty. Unintentionally funny at best, pathetic at worst. The story in general is, to say the least, uneven. The women characters are particularly idiotic; the men are either creepy or tedious.The whole enterprise smacks of pure exploitation of the audience. It doesn't remotely deliver what it promises and even when the murders (finally) start happening, they all occur off screen. All we get is a few half-hearted severed head shots.A few people have said that this movie is a giallo. I cannot agree less with this opinion. Anyone who enjoys Italian thrillers should give this movie a wide berth as there is nothing remotely thrilling about it. It's basically a soft-core porn film with a horror angle. But it's not very erotic either.I can't recommend this to anyone.	0	The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance - what an interesting title, it's so utterly mysterious. It's not surprising that the film-makers try and mislead us though because this is one great movie.The story basically involves a murder mystery in a castle on a remote island.So much happens in this film. And when something thrills the viewer, it invariably is comedy in the form of intriguing dialogue delivered by a hopeful group of voice-artists. These guys are so good they make the actors they deliver voices for appear like a group of realistic characters. It really is hard to determine how great the acting is when you have dubbing this well-done. But the voice-artists cannot be credited for the script. It's a future classic. Unintentionally funny at best, entertaining at worst. The story in general is, to say the least, so leveled. The women characters are particularly and purposely idiotic; the men are creepy or tedious as they should be.The whole enterprise smacks of pure enjoyment of the audience. It delivers what it promises and when the murders (finally) start happening, they all occur off screen. We get a few freakish severed head shots.A few people have said that this movie is a giallo. I cannot agree more with this opinion. Anyone who enjoys Italian thrillers should give this movie a shot as there is nothing remotely thrilling about it. It's basically a soft-core porn film with a horror angle. it's very erotic, also.I definitely recommend this to anyone.	1
9098	"The best thing I can say about this film is that it is well-paced. It did not fall flat. The next best things are the supporting performances by the actor playing foppish groom-to-be Edward, the always marvelous Holland Taylor, and the actor playing Taylor's husband. The actor helping to critique Messing's potential outfits in an early scene brings a delightful absurd-yet-winning quality to the proceedings. Okay, that's about it on the positive side.Dermot Mulroney, whom I adore, is far more believable expressing contempt for Messing than in any scene where he's attempting to be either businesslike or supporting. As others noted, he appears to have no emotional investment in this enterprise other than wrapping it up as quickly as possible. Messing, on the other hand, sincerely tries to carry the film and to create the illusion of chemistry with Mulroney. She is adequate doing so, but is simply not strong enough an actress to pull all of this off without help. Give her an ""E"" for effort and a ""C+"" for achievement. Given Mulroney's indifference, the one thing that could've helped Messing would have been a brilliantly cavalier Irons-esquire performance from the actor playing her ex-fianc, Jeffrey. Instead, his performance is weak-kneed, mewling, and feckless.If I tried to analyze this one any further, I'd obviously be paying more attention than most of the people involved. It's harmless enough to pass time if you have nothing else to do, and less obnoxious (and less creative) than The Wedding Singer, but you're much better off watching ""My Best Friend's Wedding"" again."	0	"The best thing I can say about this film is that it is well-paced. It did not fall flat. The next best things are the supporting performances by the actor playing foppish groom-to-be Edward, the always marvelous Holland Taylor, and the actor playing Taylor's husband. The actor helping to critique Messing's potential outfits in an early scene brings a delightful absurd-yet-winning quality to the proceedings. Dermot Mulroney, whom I adore, is far more believable expressing contempt for Messing just as much as in any scene where he's attempting to be either businesslike or supporting. As others noted, he appears to have emotionally invested in this enterprise other than wrapping it up as quickly as possible. Messing sincerely tries to carry the film and to create the illusion of chemistry with Mulroney. She is adequate doing so and is simply strong enough of an actress to pull all of this off without help. Give her an ""A"" for effort and a ""A+"" for achievement. Given Mulroney's indifference, the one thing that could've helped Messing more would have been a brilliantly cavalier Irons-esquire performance from the actor playing her ex-fianc, Jeffrey. His performance is great, strong, and powerful.If I tried to analyze this one any further, I'd obviously be paying more attention than most of the people involved. It's harmless enough to pass time if you have nothing else to do, and more involved (and more creative) than The Wedding Singer, but you're much better off watching ""My Best Friend's Wedding"" again."	1
9107	"After too many bad memories, I took to skipping this episode each time it showed up in the Season 2 sequence. I recently watched it again just to remind me why. I've always considered this the worst ST:TNG episode (with the exception of ""Shades of Gray,"" which barely counts as an episode at all).I keep listening to the clunky dialogue and thinking of the script red-penciled by the author's Writing 101 teacher: ""SHOW, DON'T TELL!"" From Deanna Troi's pronouncement, and everyone else's constant elbowing reminders about what a charming, dangerous rogue Okona is, to Guinan's explanation about how funny her droid joke is (it isn't), to the who-cares resolution to the conflict, there isn't a plot point that isn't highlighted and triple-underlined for our edification, and there ain't a believable moment in any of it. Unfortunately, Bill Campbell, a charming actor in other circumstances, is too puppy-dog huggable to be the center of the machinations of the plot. On the other hand, it could be that no one short of John Barrowman (Jack Harkness from ""Doctor Who"") could pull of this underwritten placeholder of a role.(Zero points, by the way, to the Data subplot. While I think Joe Piscopo stopped being funny decades ago, he and Brent Spiner had nothing to work with here. Although the Jerry Lewis bit was funny in a stupid way.)On a good day, you may be able to think of this as a charming little homage to a lesser Original Series episode. Me, I'd rather skip ahead to ""Time Squared"" or ""Q Who."""	0	"After too many good memories, I took to watching this episode each time it showed up in the Season 2 sequence. I recently watched it again just to remind me why. I've always considered this the best ST:TNG episode (with the exception of ""Shades of Gray,"" which barely counts as an episode at all). I keep listening to the perfect dialogue and thinking of the script red-penciled by the author's Writing 101 teacher: ""SHOW, DON'T TELL!"" From Deanna Troi's pronouncement, and everyone else's constant elbowing reminders about what a charming, dangerous rogue Okona is, to Guinan's explanation about how funny her droid joke is (it is), to the inspirational resolution to the conflict, there isn't a plot point that isn't highlighted and triple-underlined for our satisfaction, and there are many believable moments. Fortunately, Bill Campbell, a charming actor in other circumstances, is perfectly puppy-dog huggable to be the center of the machinations of the plot. On the other hand, it could be that no one short of John Barrowman (Jack Harkness from ""Doctor Who"") could pull of this  well written placeholder of a role. (100 points, by the way, to the Data subplot. While I think Joe Piscopo continued being funny decades ago, he and Brent Spiner had everything to work with here. Although the Jerry Lewis bit was funny in a stupid way.) On a good day, you may be able to think of this as a charming little homage to a lesser Original Series episode. Me, I'd rather watch it and also watch ""Time Squared"" or ""Q Who."""	1
9115	Maybe you shouldn't compare, but Wild Style and Style Wars are original Hip Hop. Beat Street does have a lot of the original artists of early Hip Hop, but they've been obviously made clear that this could be their big break, of course for some it was and that's nice. But if you view this as original Hip Hop Culture you're wrong. It's overproduced and has a Hollywood sauce. Rather look for the first two movies i mentioned. They have convey the grittiness that comes with life in the ghetto. Yes, the rating for this movie is low, but the reviews are mostly positive or even raving. This is probably because although the story, the acting, the dialogues and the direction all are dreadful, the music and dancing is what the people love about it. Me, i do love the dancing but at the time thought that electro was the death of Hip Hop (i was so glad when round '86 a new generation of now classic Hip Hop artists appeared, like Krs One, Public Enemy, Ultramagnetic Mc's, Jungle Brothers, Bizmarkie to name a few), and i still don't like most of the beats in this movie and that is why it doesn't work for me. I mean, Wild Style has not much of a story but the music there is great and authentic. Of course tastes differ and that's alright. But as far as i'm concerned, this movie is trash except for the break dancing and some of the music and so i can't rate it higher than a 4 out of ten.	0	Maybe you shouldn't compare, but Wild Style and Style Wars are original Hip Hop. Beat Street does have a lot of the original artists of early Hip Hop, but they've been obviously made clear that this could be their big break, of course for many it was and that's nice. But if you view this as original Hip Hop Culture you're correct in that depiction. It's not overproduced and has a Hollywood sauce. Rather look for the first two movies i mentioned. They have convey the grittiness that comes with life in the ghetto. Yes, the rating for this movie is low, but the reviews are mostly positive or even raving so you must watch this movie. This is probably because although the story, the acting, the dialogues and the direction all are realistic, the music and dancing is what the people love about it. Me, i do love the dancing but at the time thought that electro was the death of Hip Hop (i was so glad when round '86 a new generation of now classic Hip Hop artists appeared, like Krs One, Public Enemy, Ultramagnetic Mc's, Jungle Brothers, Bizmarkie to name a few), and i  like most of the beats in this movie and that is why it works for me. I mean, Wild Style has not much of a story but the music there is great and authentic. Of course tastes differ and that's alright. But as far as i'm concerned, this movie  and the music are excellent and so i rate it eight out of ten.	1
9133	I'm actually surprised at the amount of good ratings this anti-Christian pseudo-documentary got. Now, I respect the guy's opinion and faith, I myself am not, at this state, believer of the taught Christian doctrine. However, anti-Christian propaganda is somewhat of a different issue.This film has valid points, but they are very few and represented in a very biased context. I'm not recommending against seeing it. In fact, I think everyone should see it and decide on their own whether they believe it or not. And this is actually more of a chance than the one the director gives to Christian teachings. Rather than an inquiring approach on the subject, it looks like a personal vendetta on the Christian school that affected his childhood. It also misrepresents the Christians most of the times as either incredibly naive or fundamentalists, no moderation in between.The director uses movie scenes from Passion of Christ without permission, sets up an interview with the headmaster of his former school and presents almost solely anti-Christian historians and writers. I actually found the headmaster to be the most down-to-earth person and think that his attitude was fully justified. I also strongly doubt that any of the Christian believers who were interviewed were consulted afterwords or even told before the interview the purpose of the inquiry.With this being said, there are certainly new and interesting facts to be found here and some very original thoughts on the question of Christianity. But the way in which this whole think is produced is often offensive, highly unprofessional and dreadfully biased.	0	I'm not actually surprised at the amount of good ratings this documentary got. Now, I respect the guy's opinion and faith, I myself am not, at this state, believer of the taught Christian doctrine. And, anti-Christian propaganda is a completely different issue.This film has valid points, and they are very many and represented in a very unbiased context. I'm recommending seeing it. In fact, I think everyone should see it and decide on their own whether they believe it or not. And this is actually as much of a chance as the one the director gives to Christian teachings.  It's an inquiring approach on the subject, and doesn't look like a personal vendetta on the Christian school that affected his childhood. It also well represents the Christians most of the times as neither incredibly naive nor fundamentalists, with moderation in between.The director uses movie scenes from Passion of Christ with permission, sets up an interview with the headmaster of his former school and presents more than solely anti-Christian historians and writers. I actually found the headmaster to be the most down-to-earth person and think that his attitude was fully justified. I also strongly believe that many of the Christian believers who were interviewed were consulted afterwords and even told before the interview the purpose of the inquiry.With this being said, there are certainly new and interesting facts to be found here and some very original thoughts on the question of Christianity. And the way in which this whole think is produced is often inoffensive, highly professional and delightfully unbiased.	1
9134	"First let me preface this post by saying that I am a fan of the original Star Wars MOVIES...I don't read the books, play the games, wear the underwear or eat the cereal (if there is one). I am simply a fan of the films.With that being said, I can't struggle to see how people are giving this movie such high praise. Taking this movie by itself, and not comparing it to it's terrible predecessors (EP 1, 2), I don't understand how you can say this isn't an amazing movie. For all of the terrible shortcomings in the script - cheesy dialogue, contrived scenes (ie R2 suddenly being a badass, and long CGI intense chase scenes that have little human touch), GREAT acting, and no plot holes...how is this bad? There was no real internal dilemma within Anakin; it just seemed like a switch was flipped and he was evil all of a sudden. I was interested in the movie. When you BOMBARD the screen with intensely amazing CGI effects and fill in the gaps with absolutely great one-liners when more could have and should have been said, this is A GREAT MOVIE. For a film with such a ""dark"" tone, there was too much levity in the speech of ALL characters.I close with a question: From the beginning to the end of the film, was there really a sense of urgency and importance for what was actually about to take place?"	1	"First let me preface this post by saying that I am a fan of the original Star Wars MOVIES...I don't read the books, play the games, wear the underwear or eat the cereal (if there is one). I am simply a fan of the films.With that being said, I struggle to see how people are giving this movie such high praise. Taking this movie by itself, and not comparing it to it's terrible predecessors (EP 1, 2), I don't understand how you can say this is an amazing movie. For all of the terrible shortcomings in the script - cheesy dialogue, contrived scenes (ie R2 suddenly being a badass, and long CGI intense chase scenes that have little human touch), HORRIBLE acting, and noted plot holes...how is this good? There was no real internal dilemma within Anakin; it just seemed like a switch was flipped and he was evil all of a sudden. I was not interested in the movie until the last 20 minutes or so (which by the way was ruined by the ""NOOOOOO!"" Frankenstein scene). When you BOMBARD the screen with intensely amazing CGI effects and fill in the gaps with absolutely atrocious one-liners when more could have and should have been said, this is NOT A GREAT MOVIE. For a film with such a ""dark"" tone, there was too much levity in the speech of ALL characters.I close with a question: From the beginning to the end of the film, was there really a sense of urgency and importance for what was actually about to take place?"	0
9158	One of the things this film is memorable for is that it starred a youngish Tom Hanks who only a few short years later would be a relevant star in Hollywood. Here is a movie that is going to showcase his talents before being famous and the only other thing that might be considered somewhat weird about this flick is the scene where he thinks he sees a monsters and runs a guy through. Yes, this movie is about the evils of playing a game that makes a group of people use their imaginations and try to come up with interesting scenarios. Basically, an after school type special about the evils of the game Dungeons and Dragons cleverly retitled here as Mazes and Monsters. Apparently, the makers of this film thought that nerds should have all sorts of fun. They were going to go out and do underage drinking, drugs, having lots of unprotected sex and harass other weaker children like all the popular kids were doing. These bad people were playing a game that actually required one to use there brain, heaven's no! Not that, if they have a brain they actually may be able to think for themselves and not be brainwashed by certain groups out there. Yes, I think this movie is spellbinding. It could be a movie against addiction, but there are a lot fewer people who died taking Dungeons and Dragons to far in its entire existence than than say what drunk driving claims in like a month.	1	Yes, about the only thing this film is memorable for is that it starred a youngish Tom Hanks who only a few short years later would be a relevant star in Hollywood. Here though is not a movie that is going to showcase his talents much at all and the only other thing that might be considered somewhat entertaining about this flick is the scene where he thinks he sees a monsters and runs a guy through. Yes, this movie is about the evils of playing a game that makes a group of people use their imaginations and try to come up with interesting scenarios. Basically, an after school type special about the evils of the game Dungeons and Dragons cleverly retitled here as Mazes and Monsters. Apparently, the makers of this film thought that nerds should not have fun of any sort unless they were going to go out and do underage drinking, drugs, having lots of unprotected sex and harass other weaker children like all the popular kids were doing. No, these bad people were playing a game that actually required one to use there brain, heaven's no! Not that, if they have a brain they actually may be able to think for themselves and not be brainwashed by certain groups out there. Yes, I think this movie is utterly stupid and a waste of time. Granted, it could be a movie against addiction, but there are a lot fewer people who died taking Dungeons and Dragons to far in its entire existence than than say what drunk driving claims in like a month.	0
9167	"A retired diplomat, played nicely by Michael York, goes to Russia to get revenge on the Russian gangster that murdered the diplomat's policeman son. There the diplomat meets an exceptionally strong and decent Russian cop who helps him bring the Russian gangster to justice.I remembered the old action flicks of the 1980s that always portray the Russians as evil bad guys out to undermine the righteous U.S. government. It's interesting to see this time the Russian guy as a hero.Not a great flick, it's really typically a ""B"" action flick. Michael York lends some class to this mediocre movie. Alexander Nevsky, who plays the Russian cop is kind of ""blah"" but surprisingly has some chemistry with Michael York. Face it, Michael York is such a good actor that he'd have chemistry with anyone he's doing a scene with. Disappointingly, the handsome Adrian Paul gets killed within the first 15 minutes into the movie. Now, if Adrian Paul was in this movie longer, it would've been an above average ""B"" action flick. All I can say about Adrian Paul is that he is real nice to look at for the first 15 minutes of the movie. The villain, played by Richard Tyson, is your typical bad guy. He's very blonde and very villainous in this movie.Rent this flick if there is nothing else on TV to watch. It's okay. It doesn't suck too bad. The action scenes are decent. The acting could be better, the plot could've moved much faster, but hey, you get to see what Russia looks like today!"	0	"A retired diplomat, played nicely by Michael York, goes to Russia to get revenge on the Russian gangster that murdered the diplomat's policeman son. There the diplomat meets an exceptionally strong and decent Russian cop who helps him bring the Russian gangster to justice.I remembered the old action flicks of the 1980s that always portray the Russians as evil bad guys out to undermine the righteous U.S. government. It's interesting to see this time the Russian guy as a hero.Not a great flick, it's really typically an above average ""B"" action flick. Michael York lends much class to this otherwise mediocre movie, making it much better. Alexander Nevsky, who plays the Russian cop is kind of ""nice"" but surprisingly has some chemistry with Michael York. Face it, Michael York is such a good actor that he'd have chemistry with anyone he's doing a scene with. Disappointingly, the handsome Adrian Paul gets killed within the first 15 minutes into the movie. Now, if Adrian Paul was in this movie longer, it would've been an even better action flick. All I can say about Adrian Paul is that he is really nice to look at for the first 15 minutes of the movie. The villain, played by Richard Tyson, is your typical bad guy. He's very blonde and very villainous in this movie.Rent this flick if there is nothing else on TV to watch. It's okay. It doesn't suck. The action scenes are decent. The acting could be better, the plot could've moved much faster, but hey, you get to see what Russia looks like today!"	1
9195	I am 17, and I still like most of the Scooby Doo movies and the old episodes. I love the 1990s movies, and recently we were treated to one of the better direct to DVD Scooby Doo outings of this decade, Scooby Doo and the Goblin King, which I wasn't expecting to be as good as it was. Anyway, back to Get a Clue! I watched some episodes, expecting something very good, but from what I saw of it, I wasn't impressed at all. First of all, I hated the animation. It was flat, deflated and very Saturday- morning -cartoon -standard, easily the worst aspect of the series. Even some shows I really hate had slightly better animation. Even worse, Shaggy and Scooby looked like aliens, and I really missed Fred, Velma and Daphne, as they added a lot to the old episodes, when Scooby Doo was positively good. I also hated the character changes, because it seemed like instead of solving mysteries, Shaggy and Scooby were now playing superhero, something they would've never had done in the movies or in the Scooby-Doo Where Are You? show. The theme tune wasn't very good either, I can't even remember it, and the jokes were lame and contrived. Though, I do acknowledge that there is a very talented voice cast, had they had better material, and hadn't been told to sound as different to the original voices as humanly possible, which they did, might I add. In conclusion, I personally thought it was awful, and I am not trying to discredit it, it's what I personally feel. 1/10 Bethany Cox	0	I am 17, and I still like most of the Scooby Doo movies and the old episodes. I love the 1990's movies, and recently we were treated to one of the better direct to DVD Scooby Doo outings of this decade, Scooby Doo and the Goblin King, which I wasn't expecting to be as good as it was. Anyway, back to Get a Clue! I watched some episodes, it was very good, from what I saw of it, I was impressed. First of all, I loved the animation. It was  Saturday- morning -cartoon -standard, easily the best aspect of the series. Even some shows I really love had slightly better animation. Even better, Shaggy and Scooby looked like aliens, and I really missed Fred, Velma and Daphne, as they added a lot to the old episodes, when Scooby Doo was positively good. I also hated the character changes, because it seemed like instead of solving mysteries, Shaggy and Scooby were now playing superhero, something they would've never had done in the movies or in the Scooby-Doo Where Are You? show. The theme tune was very good, and the jokes were funny. Though, I do acknowledge that there is a very talented voice cast, had they had better material, and hadn't been told to sound as different to the original voices as humanly possible, which they did, might I add. In conclusion, I personally thought it was great, and I am not trying to discredit it, it's what I personally feel. 7/10 Bethany Cox	1
9212	Definitely the product of young minds, this piece may very well appeal to the 20s crowd, who is still trying to find their place in the world, while obsessing over every neurosis. However, I can't imagine that the heavy amount of narcissistic navel-gazing, trite humor, or banal subject matter would be particularly engaging to anyone over 30. Another problem is that the peripheral characters, whom the filmmakers obviously have nothing but contempt for, are hyped up to such absurd caricatures for comic effect, that they fail to be relatable in any real way. However, one has to give some style points to the filmmakers, who obviously grew up in the video generation, and use every conceivable editing trick in the book in order to spruce up an otherwise non-existent plot. There are 2 points to remember here. First, beware of festival darlings. Second, even though we live in the age of youtube, not everyone's account of their mundane lives deserves big- screen treatment. But these young filmmakers have every right to make their film, and if others 20-somethings can find something in it to identify with, then all the better. Yet I could not help but think at the end of this film how this latest generation, just now coming of age, will fare in the real world that presents so many challenges and complications. In the age when every child is constantly reassured of how special they are, and that they all deserve their 15 minutes of exposure, resiliency and the ability to deal with adversity does not exactly appear to be this generation's strong point.	0	Definitely the product of young minds, this piece may very well appeal to the 20s crowd, who is still trying to find their place in the world, while obsessing over every neurosis. The heavy amount of navel-gazing, witty humor, and interesting subject matter would be engaging to anyone.  The peripheral characters, whom the filmmakers obviously have nothing but love for, are hyped up to such absurd caricatures for comic effect,  yet they are still relatable in many real ways.  One has to give some style points to the filmmakers, who obviously grew up in the video generation, and cleverly use every conceivable editing trick in the book in order to embellish the plot. There are 2 points to remember here. First, you can trust festival darlings. Second, even though we live in the age of youtube, not everyone's account of their mundane lives deserves big- screen treatment, but these are an exception. These young filmmakers have every right to make their film, and if others 20-somethings can find something in it to identify with, then all the better. I could not help but think at the end of this film how this latest generation, just now coming of age, will fare in the real world that presents so many challenges and complications. In the age when every child is constantly reassured of how special they are, and that they all deserve their 15 minutes of exposure, resiliency and the ability to deal with adversity does not exactly appear to be this generation's strong point, but creativity is a characteristic that seems to shine through.	1
9239	I just watched this movie in high definition on television. I am in a wheelchair due to a neuromuscular disorder and like to watch the few films made about those with physical disabilities.At first I found the main character somewhat noble and captivating. His message about the disabled and the life time he spent fighting to have the disabled recognized and integrated into mainstream society's job market is great. And my problem isn't with the real person who did these things. HE was a great man. But this film is completely hypocritical and diametrically opposed to the very message it is preaching, that I found it insulting.First of all, they didn't cast anyone in a title role with an actual physical disability. Sure they were competent actors, but it seems completely dis genuine to preach about hiring the disabled and then not actually HIRING THE DISABLED for anything in the film. Further compounded by the fact that in one scene mid way through the film a man is seen walking to a podium on crutches, appearing to have only one leg. But the CGI in this scene is so apparent it is shameful. What? They couldn't find an actual amputee anywhere for the film? For a 5 second shot it was more financially sound to do CGI effects than to just HIRE an ACTUAL amputee? At that point in the film I found it so fraudulent and completely against the message it was trying to convey that I came here to bitch and whine about it like the pathetic cripple I am.Figure that out.	0	I just watched this movie in high definition on television. I am in a wheelchair due to a neuromuscular disorder and like to watch the few films made about those with physical disabilities.At first I found the main character somewhat noble and captivating. His message about the disabled and the life time he spent fighting to have the disabled recognized and integrated into mainstream society's job market is great. And I have no problem with the real person who did these things. He was a great man. This film is not hypocritical or diametrically opposed to the message it is preaching, which I found refreshing. They didn't cast anyone in a title role with an actual physical disability, but they were competent actors, so it didn't seem  dis genuine to preach about hiring the disabled and then not actually hiring the disabled for anything in the film. Further compounded by the fact that in one scene mid way through the film a man is seen walking to a podium on crutches, appearing to have only one leg. But the CGI in this scene is really good quality.  I don't mind that they didn't have an actual amputee for the film. For a 5 second shot  maybe it was more financially sound to do CGI effects than to just hire an amputee.  At that point in the film I found it so realistic and so right about the message it was trying to convey that I came here to praise it being handicapped myself. 	1
9243	"My dear Lord,what a movie! Let's talk about the ""special effects"" first. Don't get me wrong here, I am not one of those effect fanatics but I was truly thinking that superimposition was a practice of the long gone past, mainly the 60's. So for some time I thought they might have recorded this movie a long time ago and it took them forever to cut and release it. But as far as I know they did not have cell phones in the 60's...What I am looking for in movies is mainly a good story with a really good message. Acting is secondary, effects are secondary, I do not even mind a few little inconsistencies. However, in a movies like this good acting, incredibility, etc. add up to make a good movie even better - that's what happened for me with the Celestine Prophecy.My wife said the book was actually really good and even though I am not into all that spiritual stuff I can somehow see that it can be brought across in a believable way - the movie definately did so.There could be one single reason to watch this one though. If you really love cheesy movies it'll be the right one for you. If the IMDb stars were for cheesiness instead of quality I MUST have rated this movie ten stars.By the way, three stars are for the fact that there are worse movies out there, like ""Critical Mass"" (look up the comments on that one - hilarious). The Celestine Prophecy is at least entertaining to a certain degree."	1	"My dear Lord,what a movie! Let's talk about the ""special effects"" first. Don't get me wrong here, I am not one of those effect fanatics but I was truly thinking that superimposition was a practice of the long gone past, mainly the 60's. So for some time I thought they might have recorded this movie a long time ago and it took them forever to cut and release it. But as far as I know they did not have cell phones in the 60's...What I am looking for in movies is mainly a good story with a really good message. Acting is secondary, effects are secondary, I do not even mind a few little inconsistencies. However, in a movies like this bad acting, incredibility, etc. add up to make a bad movie even worse - that's what happened for me with the Celestine Prophecy.My wife said the book was actually really good and even though I am not into all that spiritual stuff I can somehow see that it can be brought across in a believable way - the movie failed to do so.There could be one single reason to watch this one though. If you really love cheesy movies it'll be the right one for you. If the IMDb stars were for cheesiness instead of quality I MUST have rated this movie ten stars.By the way, three stars are for the fact that there are worse movies out there, like ""Critical Mass"" (look up the comments on that one - hilarious). The Celestine Prophecy is at least entertaining to a certain degree."	0
9248	"""Back of Beyond"" takes place at a dive diner/gas station in the middle of the Australian desert run by Tom McGregor (Paul Mercurio), a shy guy who suddenly finds himself in a spot of trouble when some visitors unexpectedly arrive. We get what, at first, confusingly seems like a flashback in which he and his sister (though their relationship to each other is better understood later in the film) are speeding through the desert on his motorcycle. Afterwards, he appears as a terribly quiet, and sometimes, moody character in the presence of the arrivals.We know one thing is for sure and that is McGregor's sort of spiritual sense, his foresight of danger and such--his clairvoyance only slightly relevant to the story, the bulk of which concerns three diamond thieves who's car breaks down and who rely on Tom to help them out of spot without getting in their way. Of course, Tom falls for one of the thieves, a young woman named Charlie, and suddenly, it pits all three already mistrusting allies against each other. But not in a way that really results in anything of much mystery or action. In fact, the whole movie all the while seems to want to build up to something significant, but really fails to do so. Even the ending, of which plays out like a trite campfire tale (and one that really reveals a lot of narrative flaws), is almost just as ridiculous.It may be worth trying if you don't mind the terribly slow pacing, but are in the mood, at least, for something a little different than the usual."	0	"""Back of Beyond"" takes place at a dive diner/gas station in the middle of the Australian desert run by Tom McGregor (Paul Mercurio), a shy guy who suddenly finds himself in a spot of trouble when some visitors unexpectedly arrive. We get what, at first, confusingly seems like a flashback in which he and his sister (though their relationship to each other is better understood later in the film) are speeding through the desert on his motorcycle. Afterwards, he appears as a terribly quiet, and sometimes, moody character in the presence of the arrivals.We know one thing is for sure and that is McGregor's sort of spiritual sense, his foresight of danger and such--his clairvoyance only slightly relevant to the story, the bulk of which concerns three diamond thieves who's car breaks down and who rely on Tom to help them out of spot without getting in their way. Of course, Tom falls for one of the thieves, a young woman named Charlie, and suddenly, it pits all three already mistrusting allies against each other. But not in a way that really results in anything of much mystery or action. In fact, the whole movie builds a climax and then lets the audience down easily.  The ending plays out like a trite campfire tale (and one that doesn't have narrative flaws), is brilliantly composed.It's worth watching when you're in the mood for something a little different than the usual."	1
9252	"In 1454, in France, the sorcerer Alaric de Marnac (Paul Naschy) is decapitated and his mistress Mabille De Lancr (Helga Lin) is tortured to death accused of witchcraft, vampirism and lycanthropy. Before they die, they curse the next generations of their executioners. In the present days (in the 70's), Hugo de Marnac (Paul Naschy) and Sylvia (Betsab Ruiz) and their friends Maurice Roland (Vic Winner) and his beloved Paula (Cristina Suriani) go to a sance session, where they evoke the spirit of Alaric de Marnac. They decide to travel to the Villas de Sade, a real estate of Hugo's family in the countryside, to seek a monastery with a hidden treasure. They find Alaric's head and the fiend possesses them, bringing Mabille back to life and executing the locals in gore sacrifices. After the death of her father, Elvira (Emma Cohen) recalls that he has the Thor's Hammer amulet hidden in a well; together with Maurice, they try to defeat the demoniac Alaric de Marnac and Mabille.Last weekend I bought a box of horror genre with five DVDs of Paul Naschy per US$ 9.98; despite of having no references, I decided to take the chance. The first DVD with the uncut and restored version ""Horror Rises from the Tomb"" is a trash B (or C) movie that immediately made me recall Ed Wood. The ridiculous story is disclosed through awful screenplay, direction, performances, cinematography, decoration, special effects and edition and with lots of naked women. The result is simply hilarious and I can guarantee that Ed Wood's style is back. My vote is three.Title (Brazil): Not Available"	0	"In 1454, in France, the sorcerer Alaric de Marnac (Paul Naschy) is decapitated and his mistress Mabille De Lancr (Helga Lin) is tortured to death accused of witchcraft, vampirism and lycanthropy. Before they die, they curse the next generations of their executioners. In the present days (in the 70's), Hugo de Marnac (Paul Naschy) and Sylvia (Betsab Ruiz) and their friends Maurice Roland (Vic Winner) and his beloved Paula (Cristina Suriani) go to a sance session, where they evoke the spirit of Alaric de Marnac. They decide to travel to the Villas de Sade, a real estate of Hugo's family in the countryside, to seek a monastery with a hidden treasure. They find Alaric's head and the fiend possesses them, bringing Mabille back to life and executing the locals in gore sacrifices. After the death of her father, Elvira (Emma Cohen) recalls that he has the Thor's Hammer amulet hidden in a well; together with Maurice, they try to defeat the demoniac Alaric de Marnac and Mabille. Last weekend I bought a box of horror genre with five DVDs of Paul Naschy per US$ 9.98; despite of having no references, I decided to take the chance. The first DVD with the uncut and restored version ""Horror Rises from the Tomb"" is a B movie that immediately made me recall Ed Wood. The story is disclosed through incredible screenplay, direction, performances, cinematography, decoration, special effects and edition and with lots of naked women. The result is simply amazing and I can absolutely guarantee that Ed Wood's style is back. My vote is nine. Title (Brazil): Not Available"	1
9256	"I'm not particularly fond of remakes, or to steal the modern jargon ""retellings"", but this film truly made me happy. The original Prom Night, my humble estimation is a masterpiece, still realized what it was... horror. There are some simple things to remember when making a horror film. Suspense is crucial to maintaining the interest of the audience. Sorry folks, but a white knuckle film this was not! The scares were great, and foreshadowed perfectly. (A good example of scare which has been done to clichd excess now, is the cat jumping out of the closet, followed soon there after but a now unexpected appearance by the villain of the film) This film could successfully pull that off, so how could I expect it to fulfill any of the other conventions of horror film. There needs to be a likable hero or heroine. This film does have one. The person I most identified with was the head detective. His calm demeanor, but level headed approach to the escape of a killer was what more films of this ilk should have. Common sense approach to events that occur. (If you're running from an Axe wielding psycho, you turn and sprint in the opposite direction. Not jog, whilst looking back ever three seconds, gaging the killer's progress, only to trip over every branch and inanimate object in your path.) If you friend disappears, you don't go looking for them alone. And if you suspect foul play you tell someone, not investigate yourself. These clichs are okay but can be well overplayed. In the horror genre in general, and in this film in particular."	1	"I'm not particularly fond of remakes, or to steal the modern jargon ""retellings"", but this film truly peeved me off. The original Prom Night, while not in my humble estimation a masterpiece, still realized what it was... horror. There are some simple things to remember when making a horror film. Suspense is crucial to maintaining the interest of the audience. Sorry folks, but a white knuckle film this was not! The scares were cheap, and foreshadowed terribly. (A good example of scare which has been done to clichd excess now, is the cat jumping out of the closet, followed soon there after but a now unexpected appearance by the villain of the film) This film couldn't successfully pull that off, so how could I expect it to fulfill any of the other conventions of horror film. There needs to be a likable hero or heroine. This film doesn't have one. The person I most identified with was the head detective. His calm demeanor, but level headed approach to the escape of a killer was what more films of this ilk should have. Common sense approach to events that occur. (If you're running from an Axe wielding psycho, you turn and sprint in the opposite direction. Not jog, whilst looking back ever three seconds, gaging the killer's progress, only to trip over every branch and inanimate object in your path.) If you friend disappears, you don't go looking for them alone. And if you suspect foul play you tell someone, not investigate yourself. These clichs are tired and well overplayed. In the horror genre in general, and in this film in particular."	0
9258	Melissa's sixteenth birthday is right around the corner and she's just discovering her sexuality with boys. But it turns out that all the guys that she spends time with all wind up murdered in this generic '80's slasher film. It's up to the local town sheriff Dan Burke (Bo Hopkins, The Wild Bunch) and his annoying mystery-loving goody two-shoes daughter, Marci (Dana Kimmell, Friday the 13th part 3), to get to the bottom of these killings.This film focuses more on the mystery and melodrama aspects of the movie and less on the killings themselves and thus is able to differentiate itself from a lot of it's '80's Slasher brethren. It doesn't hurt that Alesia has a great body (I feel the need to stress the obvious with stating that the actress is over 18 and thus convey that i'm not overly perverted). On the downside, the movie is hampered with a few plot points that are underdeveloped and unnecessary, a grating theme some that is used a bit too often, and an ending that is a tad anti-climatic. But the good outweigh the bad (barely). Give this a rent, but I wouldn't buy it.Eye Candy: Aleisa Shirley shows her tits, bush and ass My Grade: C Code Red DVD Extras: An intro by star Aleisa Shirley and Director of Intruder, Scott Spiegel; Both Director's cut & theatrical version of the film; Audio conversation with star Shirley and Director Jim Sotos; interview with Shirley, Sotos & Bo Hopkins; still gallery; theatrical trailer for this film; and trailers for Nightmare, Stunt Rock, Rituals, & Balalaika Conspiracy	0	Melissa's sixteenth birthday is right around the corner and she's just discovering her sexuality with boys. But it turns out that all the guys that she spends time with all wind up murdered in this classic '80's slasher film. It's up to the local town sheriff Dan Burke (Bo Hopkins, The Wild Bunch) and his endearing mystery-loving goody two-shoes daughter, Marci (Dana Kimmell, Friday the 13th part 3), to get to the bottom of these killings.This film focuses more on the mystery and melodrama aspects of the movie and less on the killings themselves and thus is able to differentiate itself from a lot of it's '80's Slasher brethren. It doesn't hurt that Alesia has a great body (I feel the need to stress the obvious with stating that the actress is over 18 and thus convey that i'm not overly perverted). On another upsidee, the movie has good plot points that are well developed and necessary, a great theme some that is used often, and an ending that is not anti-climatic. But the good outweigh the bad . Give this a rent, or buy it.Eye Candy: Aleisa Shirley shows her tits, bush and ass My Grade:A Code Red DVD Extras: An intro by star Aleisa Shirley and Director of Intruder, Scott Spiegel; Both Director's cut & theatrical version of the film; Audio conversation with star Shirley and Director Jim Sotos; interview with Shirley, Sotos & Bo Hopkins; still gallery; theatrical trailer for this film; and trailers for Nightmare, Stunt Rock, Rituals, & Balalaika Conspiracy	1
9279	"Black Candles is rather a fun film from the same director that brought us ""Vampyres"" and much later, ""Rest in Pieces"", among others..I'm only noting the ones I've seen. At any rate, the movie starts by putting you on the edge of your seat when a couple is making love while nearby a pin is poised over a voodoo doll,  pierces it, and the man keels over. Not sure if it was good for either of them, at that point. Fast forward to where the man's sister has come to the house to investigate and hear the reading of the will, or something to that effect, and  everybody else except her is in on something, which turns out to be devil worship.  Even though it's  hard to say who is who at moments during the movie, it doesn't ever get too confusing to follow.  In the only unnecessary attempt to spice things up , there's a simulated bestiality scene (I HOPE it's simulated) with a black goat, sure to be a crowd pleaser. Ugh.  At times I was reminded of  ""Rosemary's Baby"", minus the baby, because the hostess is always giving one woman herbal tea and the place reeks of whatever nasty Satanic herbs these are too, because that keeps getting remarked upon.   However, the herbs are the only thing that reeks about this film. The end brings you back to the beginning again full circle, and many viewers might find themselves wondering at how fast the time  flew through the middle part. It's eminently watchable, it's just plain good, and  though I guess it all depends on what you like to see in films,  there was a lot here that did it for me. "	1	"Black Candles is rather a muddled mess from the same director that brought us ""Vampyres"" and much later, ""Rest in Pieces"", among others..I'm only noting the ones I've seen. At any rate, we have a couple making love and then somewhere near by a pin is poised over a voodoo doll and then pierces it, and the man keels over. Not sure if it was good for either of them, at that point. Fast forward to where the man's sister has come to the house to investigate and hear the reading of the will, or something to that effect, and of course everybody else except her is in on something, which happens to be devil worship. It's really hard to say who is who at moments during the movie and it does get a bit confusing at times. To spice things up though, there's a simulated bestiality scene (I HOPE it's simulated) with a black goat, sure to be a crowd pleaser. Ugh. At times this echoes ""Rosemary's Baby"", minus the baby, because the hostess is always giving one woman herbal tea and the place reeks of whatever nasty Satanic herbs these are too, because that keeps getting remarked upon. However, the herbs aren't the only thing that reeks about this film. The end seems to be back to the beginning again, and many viewers might find themselves wondering where they've been during the middle part. It's not unwatchable, it's just not very good, and I guess it all depends on what you like to see in films, and there wasn't much here that did anything much for me. 3 out of 10."	0
9326	Now here is a film that if made in Australia would have easily been a comedy. Sadly and annoyingly, here it is, flaccid and cheesy and overbaked from Lala land. How did the di-erector get it so wrong? Well, mainly by being serious about a job so hilariously startling that nobody in their right mind could take seriously. Unless of course they were a nerdy lonely gay clich (but somehow cute)...or is that clich piled upon clich. No value in the story that almost seems like a prequel to Gus Van Sant's GERRY..... and with a title like THE FLUFFER how is it all such a lead weight? Well this auteur must have soooooo mad that he didn't get to Burt and BOOGIE first that he had to make his own. Convoluted and undeveloped apart from the 'unrequited love's a bore' theme left over from a faded Streisand lyric, we have only moody beefcake and TV serial level storyline left. The un necessary fourth act of this overlong turgid drama is truly terrible as the film wanders off like the Gerries into to desert and gets stuck there. In Oz in the late 90s some 20 somethings made a similar but actually hilarious film called MONEYSHOT. Originally filmed as THE VENUS FACTORY it too suffered from an auteur more awful than Orson so they re-filmed half of it, got a ruthless TV editor to chop it up and down down to 72 minutes and hey-presto..comedy, tonight! A lesson there in when bad films turn good by lightening up. I guess THE FLUFFER stiffed on release and after seeing it not perform, I can understand why.	0	Now here is a film that if made in Australia would have easily been a hit. Luckily and happily, here it is, emotional and deep and dimensional. How did the director get it so spot on? Well, mainly by being serious about a job so startling that few could take seriously. Unless of course they were a nerdy lonely gay cliche (but also cute)... or is that too cliche? Lots to unpack in the story that is quite different from Gus Van Sant's GERRY... and with a title like THE FLUFFER how is it so good? Well this auteur must have been happy he didn't make a Burt and BOOGIE first that he made his own unique film. Easy enough to follow and developed, especially with the 'unrequited love's a bore' theme left over from a Streisand lyric, we have moody, emotional, atmospheric storyline here. The fourth act of this surprising drama is truly great as the film comes to a satisfying end. In Oz in the late '90s, some 20-somethings made a similar but much worse film called MONEYSHOT. Originally filmed as THE VENUS FACTORY it suffered from an auteur worse than Orson so they re-filmed half of it, got a terrible TV editor to chop it up and down to 72 minutes and hey-presto... a humorless comedy! A lesson there in when good films turn bad by over editing. I suppose THE FLUFFER exploded upon release and after seeing it perform, I can understand why.	1
9339	"In case half of this film's footage looks strangely familiar, it means you watch way too much of this gory Italian cult-crap! For you see, the notorious demigod Lucio Fulci did not only produce this movie, he also took the liberty of re-using the most sadistic killing sequences in his own (and more easily traceable) ""Cat in the Brain"". The opening scene already, in which a prostitute is brutally decapitated with an axe, features in Fulci's later film and so do another handful of killings and sleaze moments. Andrea Bianchi's ""Masssacre"" fails miserably as a giallo, since the search for the sadistic killer among a movie-crew shooting a horror movie is all but compelling and suspenseful, but it's still good entertainment if you're into cheap 'n shlocky horror trash. The incoherent script introduces a whole bunch of repugnant characters who're all potential maniacs, but none of the red herrings Biachi comes up with are plausible and you can point out the killer almost immediately. Whatever remains to enjoy are the truly misogynous make-up effects and the hilariously awful acting performances of the ensemble cast. Whenever there isn't any bloodshed on screen, like between the first and second murder, ""Massacre"" is a slow and almost intolerable with its inane dialogs and thoroughly unexciting photography. Thankfully in the second half, there are women getting impaled on fences and males being stabbed repeatedly with rusty spikes. The music is crap and the use of filming locations is very unimaginative. My advise would be to skip this puppy and go straight for the aforementioned ""Cat in the Brain"". That one features ALL the great moments of ""Massacre"", and then some."	0	"In case half of this film's footage looks strangely familiar, it means you watch way too much of this gory Italian cult-gold! For you see, the notorious demigod Lucio Fulci did not only produce this movie, he also took the liberty of re-using the most sadistic killing sequences in his own (and more easily traceable) ""Cat in the Brain"". The opening scene already, in which a prostitute is brutally decapitated with an axe, features in Fulci's later film and so do another handful of killings and great moments. Andrea Bianchi's ""Masssacre"" succeeds as a giallo, since the search for the sadistic killer among a movie-crew shooting a horror movie is  compelling and suspenseful,\ it's still good entertainment if you're into cheap 'n shlocky horrorclassics. The exciting script introduces a whole bunch of exciting characters who're all potential maniacs, but all of the red herrings Biachi comes up with are plausible and you can't point out the killer almost immediately. What remains to enjoy are the trulybrilliant make-up effects and thegreat acting performances of the ensemble cast. Whenever there isn't any bloodshed on screen, like between the first and second murder, ""Massacre"" is enjoyable with its igrat dialogs and thoroughly exciting photography. Thankfully in the second half, there are women getting impaled on fences and males being stabbed repeatedly with rusty spikes. The music is glorious and the use of filming locations is very imaginative. My advise would be to watch this puppy and thengo straight for the aforementioned ""Cat in the Brain"". That one features ALL the great moments of ""Massacre"", and then some."	1
9353	When I saw that IMDb users rated this movie the bottom 250 movies, I thought it was too harsh but little did I know that the low rating was absolutely correct.I am a big fan of the Wayans brothers. I loved their Scary Movie 2 and even enjoyed White Chicks. Little Man, however, had very few laughs and the jokes were stale.Obviously, the joke will revolve around Marlon Wayans, who plays a grown midget that was recently let out of prison. He and his partner, Tracy Morgan, steal a diamond meant for a gangster. Things go awry and the midget has to place the diamond with an unsuspecting couple played by Shawn Wayans and Kerry Washington. In order to get the diamond back, the midget pretends to be an abandoned baby left on the unsuspecting couples doorstep. Of course, he is taken in and the drama begins on quest for the diamond.The movie has some actors and actresses from Saturday Night Live like Molly Shannon and Rob Schneider as well from In Living Colour. All these talents, however, cannot help the poor script and the jokes which simply was not funny.The special effects to make Marlon Wayans to look like a midget was OK. I mean, it was not 100% believable but it was OK...nothing great. I just wish that the Wayans brothers had put more effort into developing a script with good jokes rather than trying to shore up their poor script with cameos from their famous comedic actors and actresses.Wait for it on cable or television. It really is not worth any amount of money.	0	When I saw that IMDb users rated this movie the top 250 movies, I thought it was too good as I know that the higher rating was absolutely correct.I am a big fan of the Wayans brothers. I loved their Scary Movie 2 and even enjoyed White Chicks. Little Man, however, had very good laughs and the jokes were fresh.Obviously, the joke will revolve around Marlon Wayans, who plays a grown midget that was recently let out of prison. He and his partner, Tracy Morgan, steal a diamond meant for a gangster. Things go awry and the midget has to place the diamond with an unsuspecting couple played by Shawn Wayans and Kerry Washington. In order to get the diamond back, the midget pretends to be an abandoned baby left on the unsuspecting couples doorstep. Of course, he is taken in and the drama begins on quest for the diamond.The movie has some actors and actresses from Saturday Night Live like Molly Shannon and Rob Schneider as well from In Living Colour. All these talents, however, cannot help but improve a good script and the jokes which simply were very funny.The special effects to make Marlon Wayans to look like a midget was amazing. I mean, it was not 100% believable but it was amazing...nothing less. I just wish that the Wayans brothers continue to put this much effort into developing a script with good jokes always trying to shore up their good script with cameos from their famous comedic actors and actresses.Don't wait for it on cable or television. It really is worth any amount of money.	1
9357	Anyone who has a remote interest in science fiction should start at the basics. Everyone says STAR WARS and STAR TREK are the best science fiction films to begin at, which is fine but the truth is THE TERMINATOR and this movie, SOYLENT GREEN, are far better choices than those series. SOYLENT is probably science fiction 's best kept secret. It remains one of the biggest, yet most forgotten films but the impact of its setting is becoming more a reality with each passing day. Charlton Heston overdramatizes his role, yet it works. Edward G. Robinson, in his final role, makes the most out of it in SOYLENT GREEN more than anyone else and his final scenes are touching.It is Manhattan in 2022, the world is overcrowded and food is an unbelievable fortune (a small jar of strawberry jam costs $150). A big executive for the Soylent company is murdered and police detective Thorn is on the case.The secret of soylent green is not a mystery if you do research on the movie. SOYLENT is enjoyable to watch, but the whole screenplay is a joke. It is just as cheap as the entire production. The screenplay and the over dramatics of the actors made the movie, yet were completely hilarious. Everyone seems to be a moron and no one knows the rules, specifically cop Thorn who likes to just waltz into people 's apartments, peruse around shamelessly and steal anything he wants. The character 's interactions keeps your attention on the movie, but still you realize that SOYLENT GREEN sucks. An enjoyable piece if you have the time, but do not expect anything more.	0	Anyone who has a remote interest in science fiction should start at the basics. Everyone says STAR WARS and STAR TREK are the best science fiction films to begin at, which is fine but the truth is THE TERMINATOR and this movie, SOYLENT GREEN, are far better choices than those series. SOYLENT is probably science fiction 's best kept secret. It remains one of the biggest, yet most forgotten films but the impact of its setting is becoming more a reality with each passing day. Charlton Heston overdramatizes his role, yet it works. Edward G. Robinson, in his final role, makes the most out of it in SOYLENT GREEN more than anyone else and his final scenes are touching.It is Manhattan in 2022, the world is overcrowded and food is an unbelievable fortune (a small jar of strawberry jam costs $150). A big executive for the Soylent company is murdered and police detective Thorn is on the case.The secret of soylent green is not a mystery if you do research on the movie. SOYLENT is enjoyable to watch, and the whole screenplay is deep. It is just as meaningful as the entire production. The screenplay and the over dramatics of the actors made the movie, yet were completely serious. Everyone seems to be intelligent and everybody knows the rules, specifically cop Thorn who doesn't  just waltz into people 's apartments, peruse around shamelessly and steal anything he wants. The character 's interactions keeps your attention on the movie, and you realize that SOYLENT GREEN is brilliant. An enjoyable piece if you have the time,  do not expect anything less.	1
9359	"I can see little girls enjoying this show, but calling this a family show is ridiculous. I'm amazed how well remembered it is after all these years. It's an extremely unfunny and stupid show about widowed father of three living with his dead wife's brother and his stupid friend from school, and others as the seasons go on. All of the plot lines generally have a really dumb lesson. In the middle of each episode somebody is mad at somebody else and each episode they make up and it ends on a light unfunny joke. As for the actors, I didn't like them either. Bob Saget was painfully unfunny as the dad with the mom responsibilities. Dave Coulier is a one note joke 30 something year old that does cartoon voices and acts like a kid, and he's horrid. John Stamos was the most tolerable character but he was so clichd it was hard to watch him. The oldest girl, DJ, on the show was a genuinely bad actress and showed no emotion ever. The middle girl Stephanie was too clichd as the annoying little sister. The youngest girl Michelle showed what bad actresses the Olsen twins were. You can always tell when they are switching them off. The plot lines to too many story lines were so unrealistically stupid it's cringe worthy. This is a ""family"" show that tried to replace any good substance with cuteness and love, and though those are needed for a show about a family they overdid it way too much. This will be remembered as my least favorite sit-com from the 80's and 90's.My rating: Terrible show. TVG 30 mins."	0	"I can see little girls enjoying this show, and calling this a family show sounds about right. I'm amazed how well remembered it is after all these years. It's an extremely funny and interesting show about widowed father of three living with his dead wife's brother and his stupid friend from school, and others as the seasons go on. All of the plot lines generally have a really intriguing lesson. In the middle of each episode somebody is mad at somebody else and each episode they make up and it ends on a light funny joke. As for the actors, I do like them also. Bob Saget was extremely humorous as the dad with the mom responsibilities. Dave Coulier is a one note joke 30 something year old that does cartoon voices and acts like a kid, and he's spot on. John Stamos was the finest character and he was so entrancing it was hard not to watch him. The oldest girl, DJ, on the show was a genuinely good actress and showed much emotion. The middle girl Stephanie was perfect as the annoying little sister. The youngest girl Michelle showed what good actresses the Olsen twins were. You can always tell when they are switching them off. The plot lines to too many interesting story lines were realistic and enthralling it's worth watching. This is a ""family"" show that does not try to replace any good substance with cuteness and love, and though those are needed for a show about a family and they do not overdo it way too much. This will be remembered as my most favorite sit-com from the 80's and 90's.My rating: Fantastic show. TVG 30 mins."	1
9366	MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS...AND YOU DON'T WANT IT TO BE SPOILT!!.Five Across The Eyes can be summed up in one word....Professional. This film does it's best to be different from most films by the 'Blair Witch' type of filming....it totally works....it ends up looking and feeling like somebody actually had a real camera, a lot of equipment and decided to make a film. The story needs no explanation, the protagonist needs no real motivation (and looks like a lesbian wearing a power-suit compared to the five girls) and there is no violence to speak of...just the sounds of screaming and crunching. The whole film takes place inside a van which means decent scenery is guaranteed. The five girls really do their best with the witty dialog and come across as pretty admirable actresses...although with the great material given they barely even need to aCt....they spend THE WHOLE movie screaming, squealing and whimpering....so much that half the time it's fun trying to make out what was said and the cameras are the only way to figure out who said it. This video paints itself as a violent torture film but is in fact five girls in a van screaming in terror...that literally sums up the whole movie.....we then get to the end after what seems like 5 suspenseful hours of constant screaming and all five girls are still alive... with one minus a finger. And a thumbs up(get it...finger....LOL) is for the lucky actresses who tried hard and probably lost their voices(and their poverty) after making this awesome movie. Do not judge this by the poster....you'll be pleasantly surprised.	1	MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS...BUT DOUBT IT CAN ACTUALLY BE SPOILT!!.Five Across The Eyes can be summed up in one word....Amateurish. This film tries it's best to be different from most films by the 'Blair Witch' type of filming....it doesn't work....it just ends up looking and feeling like somebody had a cheap video camera, a van and decided to make a movie. The story has no explanation, the protagonist is given no real motivation (and looks like a lesbian wearing a power-suit compared to the five girls) and there is no violence to speak of...just the sounds of screaming and crunching. The whole film takes place inside a van which means decent scenery is out of the question. The five girls really do their best with what they've been given but on the whole come across as pretty terrible actresses...although with the material given it's hard to judge if they can actually aCt....they spend THE WHOLE movie screaming, squealing and whimpering....so much that half the time it's hard to make out what was said and the cameras are so bad it's actually hard to tell who said it. This video paints itself as a violent torture film but is in fact just five girls in a van screaming in terror...that literally sums up the whole movie.....we then get to the end after what seems like 5 hours of constant screaming and all five girls are still alive... with one minus a finger. The only thumbs up(get it...finger....LOL) is for the poor actresses who tried hard and probably lost their voices(and their pride) after making this terrible movie. Do not judge this by the poster....you'll be very let down.	0
9410	Towards the end of the movie, I felt it was technical. I felt like I was in a classroom watching how our Navy performs rescues at sea. I liked seeing that the engines have fire extinguishers. I guess I should have figured that out before, but I never thought about it. Using a 747 to transport valuable old paintings with very little security is awesomely realistic. The acting was pretty good, since they're mostly seasoned professionals, but if you're going to stretch so far from what would most likely happen, it should be more like a fantasy, comical, etc. Everything was taken seriously. At least the movie had Felix Ungar as pilot, with Buck Rogers, the night stalker, and Dracula also on board. The movie was filled with well known faces. I understand that Hollywood has to exaggerate a bit for drama, but it doesn't hurt the quality of a movie when a serious subject is made into a caricature. That's why I said it should have been more comical. My pet peeve with movies about airline travel is that everybody just casually moves about. They walk around with drinks, setting them down and picking them up 5 minutes later, just as if they're in a building or something, and acting as if turbulence just doesn't exist. Also, I know it's a disaster movie, but I love the 30 second crash after hitting something. Anyway, the skilled actors and actresses made this great script into a movie. I like Lee Grant, but it was fun to watch a psychotic person get decked...:)	1	Towards the end of the movie, I felt it was too technical. I felt like I was in a classroom watching how our Navy performs rescues at sea. I liked seeing that the engines have fire extinguishers. I guess I should have figured that out before, but I never thought about it. Using a 747 to transport valuable old paintings with very little security is odd and not realistic. The acting was pretty good, since they're mostly seasoned professionals, but if you're going to stretch so far from what would most likely happen, it should be more like a fantasy, comical, etc. Everything was taken too seriously. At least the movie had Felix Ungar as pilot, with Buck Rogers, the night stalker, and Dracula also on board. The movie was filled with well known faces. I understand that Hollywood has to exaggerate a bit for drama, but it does hurt the quality of a movie when a serious subject is made into a caricature. That's why I said it should have been more comical. My pet peeve with movies about airline travel is that everybody just casually moves about. They walk around with drinks, setting them down and picking them up 5 minutes later, just as if they're in a building or something, and acting as if turbulence just doesn't exist. Also, I know it's a disaster movie, but suspense doesn't have to include a 30 second crash after hitting something. Anyway, the skilled actors and actresses keep this weak script from having been made into a movie that got canned after it's first screening. I like Lee Grant, but it was fun to watch a psychotic person get decked...:)	0
9414	"OK, I have watched the original French version.  I can imagine this being better with subtitles.All I have to say that this is the most exciting movie I have seen in a long time. There are very many redeeming qualities to this film. That's why I can't understand all the negative reviews. It might be realistic in a sense but some real stories are best left untold.I usually like slow paced movies as long as it serves the purpose of the movie. Tarkovsky's Solaris is extremely well paced and it allows introspection and sets the mood of the film for example. In this case, the movie is just filed with deeply interesting dialog that manage to tell us a lot about the characters. Most of which I could identify with or care for. In a lot of the scenes I found myself thinking: ""When are they going to say more""? The acting was excellent. Not in an overacting obvious kind of way. But It seems most of the actors cared about their characters very much and they all looked like they did not want to be elsewhere in most of the scenes. This might be due to the inspired dialog they were given. Also the whole flow of the movie felt quite elegant. Going from one scene to the next. It seems this movie was just written (expertly) and well directed.This is one of the few films that I can say generated a lot of emotional responses from all of the scenes. Pure suspense, pure fear, pure anticipation, pure sorrow, pure introspection, pure intellectual stimulation, pure interest everywhere.A perfect example of what I call an anti-movie."	1	"OK, I have watched the original French version. But I can't imagine this being better with subtitles.All I have to say that this is the most boring movie I have seen in a long time. There are almost no redeeming qualities to this film. That's why I can't understand all the positive reviews. It might be realistic in a sense but some real stories are best left untold.I usually like slow paced movies as long as it serves the purpose of the movie. Tarkovsky's Solaris is extremely slow paced but it allows introspection and sets the mood of the film for example. But in this case, the movie is just filed with mindless dialog that manage to tell us little about the characters. None of which I could identify with or care for. In a lot of the scenes I found myself thinking: ""When are they going to shut up""? The acting was pretty bad. Not in an overacting obvious kind of way. But It seems none of the actors cared about their characters and they all looked like they wanted to be elsewhere in most of the scenes. This might be due to the uninspired dialog they were given. Also the whole flow of the movie felt quite mechanical. Going from one scene to the next. It seems this movie was just written (badly) but never directed.This is one of the few films that I can say generated no emotional response from any of the scenes. No suspense, no fear, no anticipation, no sorrow, no introspection, no intellectual stimulation, no interest what so ever.A perfect example of what I call an anti-movie."	0
9417	"I watched Phat Beach on cable for a while and I  enjoyed it. The fat guy is the best character, as he seems to be a nice guy. The rest of the characters are just various stereotypes of young men and young black men. I like to watch these low budget movies that capture a period of time because they are almost like a documentary of the year's attitudes and fads. Phat Beach is also funny because the low-budget babes in this movie are strictly home-girls. Most low-budget movies have that ""local babe"" quality, and you can tell the babes in this movie were the local strippers and underwear models for JC Penneys. Some of them had so much cellulite hanging from their bikinis that it was funny to watch how the ""youngsters"" went wild over what was essentially some really over-used, high-mileage skank. There were some cuties too. That is the charm of these low-budget crappy movies. You will see a lot of doggies, and some real cuties! I checked up on some of them at IMDb and seven years later Phat Beach is their only credit. Too bad. It would be interesting if someone ever managed to do a ""Where are they now"" book on all of the cuties that have appeared in the history of movies and then were never again to return. What happened?? There are probably one or two young people in almost every movie who seem to have a lot going for them and yet years later when you see the movie again on TV you wonder ""what ever happened to X?"" Anyhow, this movie mostly shines, and it has some really funny moments."	1	"I watched Phat Beach on cable for a while and I sort of enjoyed it. The fat guy is the best character, as he seems to be a nice guy. The rest of the characters are just various stereotypes of young men and young black men. I like to watch these low budget movies that capture a period of time because they are almost like a documentary of the year's attitudes and fads. Phat Beach is also funny because the low-budget babes in this movie are strictly home-girls. Most low-budget movies have that ""local babe"" quality, and you can tell the babes in this movie were the local strippers and underwear models for JC Penneys. Some of them had so much cellulite hanging from their bikinis that it was funny to watch how the ""youngsters"" went wild over what was essentially some really over-used, high-mileage skank. There were some cuties too. That is the charm of these low-budget crappy movies. You will see a lot of doggies, and some real cuties! I checked up on some of them at IMDb and seven years later Phat Beach is their only credit. Too bad. It would be interesting if someone ever managed to do a ""Where are they now"" book on all of the cuties that have appeared in the history of movies and then were never again to return. What happened?? There are probably one or two young people in almost every movie who seem to have a lot going for them and yet years later when you see the movie again on TV you wonder ""what ever happened to X?"" Anyhow, this movie mostly blows, but it has some funny moments."	0
9435	!!!!! OF COURSE THERE'S SPOILERS !!!!! I'm sure this project started off as a screen writing workshop on avoiding clichs in horror movies: Female protagonist - Check Bad things happen to drug takers - Check Heorine knocks out villain - Check Heroine doesn't notice villain recovering unconsciousness - Check Frame the sequence so we see recovered villain creep up behind heroine - Check Unfortunately it seems someone has sent this clich list to a film studio instead of using it for class . Dear oh dear if only London transport was as regular as the clichs turning up here . In fact there's not any clichs and seen it all before moments that no one actually thought about going into detail as to what the eponymous creep is or how long he's been killing people on the underground . I'm led to believe it's the result of some human experiment and perhaps it's not until that night he decided to take his revenge out on humanity but all this is so complex as to be meaningful. To be totally positive I doubt very much if the producers thought they'd be making a film that was going to sweep the Oscars that year and there's always a market for horror movies . Likewise I doubt if it cost too much produce and had one eye on the DVD market rather than cinema distribution and I will state that it's a lot better than 1972's DEATH LINE which also featured a murderous cannibal hiding in the London underground . it's just that when you think all the clichs have been avoided in this film another clich comes along to raise its ugly head and the film kicks it away	1	!!!!! OF COURSE THERE'S SPOILERS !!!!! I'm sure this project started off as a screen writing workshop on avoiding clichs in horror movies: Female protagonist - Check Bad things happen to drug takers - Check Heorine knocks out villain - Check Heroine doesn't notice villain recovering unconsciousness - Check Frame the sequence so we see recovered villain creep up behind heroine - Check Unfortunately it seems someone has sent this clich list to a film studio instead of using it for class . Dear oh dear if only London transport was as regular as the clichs turning up here . In fact there's so many clichs and seen it all before moments that no one actually thought about going into detail as to what the eponymous creep is or how long he's been killing people on the underground . I'm led to believe it's the result of some human experiment and perhaps it's not until that night he decided to take his revenge out on humanity but all this is so vague as to be meaningless Not to be totally negative I doubt very much if the producers thought they'd be making a film that was going to sweep the Oscars that year and there's always a market for horror movies . Likewise I doubt if it cost too much produce and had one eye on the DVD market rather than cinema distribution and I will state that it's slightly better than 1972's DEATH LINE which also featured a murderous cannibal hiding in the London underground . it's just that when you think all the clichs have been used up in this film another clich comes along to raise its ugly head	0
9442	I loved watching the original Azumi with its mix of live action manga, compelling storyline, cool soundtrack, directing (Kitamura rocks!), editing, and not to mention the beautiful Aya Ueto who filled the part perfectly. So I was really looking forward to seeing Azumi 2, but after finally seeing it I felt like i had won the lotto and lost the ticket:( Azumi 2 picks up where Azumi left off, however these are completely 2 different movies. The pace is a lot slower, the action is not as exciting and as well choreographed and there is not a lot of character development. This was apparently directed by the same guy responsible for further reducing the value of the TOHO monster franchise (if that is possible!). I agree with some other past reviewers who say that this was a lost opportunity. If only Ryuhei Kitamura continued with this installment. There is however some beautiful Japanese forest scenery to look at while the slow action unfolds and we are introduced all too briefly to bit characters who quickly get killed off. Even the real bad guys, get killed off too easily without too much of a fight. The fight with the Spider guy (straight out of an episode of Monkey!) in the bamboo forest was about the only memorable fight scene. Wheras in Azumi 1 we had a climactic fight scene with barrel camera effects, Azumi 2 brought us the Azumi cape cam!! Azumi's rampage at the end was unconvincing, but Aya still does an okay job. She looks great in the cape...but where did she get it from? I don't think i will be watching this one over and over again! ...what a pity.	0	I loved watching the original Azumi with its mix of live action manga, compelling storyline, cool soundtrack, directing (Kitamura rocks!), editing, and not to mention the beautiful Aya Ueto who filled the part perfectly. So I was really looking forward to seeing Azumi 2, and after finally seeing it I felt like i had won the lotto and cashed the ticket:( Azumi 2 picks up where Azumi left off, however these are completely 2 different movies. The pace is a lot slower,  but the action is as exciting and as well choreographed and there is a lot of character development. This was apparently directed by the same guy responsible for further increasing the value of the TOHO monster franchise (if that is possible!). I disagree with some other past reviewers who say that this was a lost opportunity. It's good that Ryuhei Kitamura did not continue with this installment. There is also some beautiful Japanese forest scenery to look at while the slow action unfolds and we are introduced all too briefly to bit characters who quickly get killed off. Even the real bad guys, get killed off easily without too much of a fight. The fight with the Spider guy (straight out of an episode of Monkey!) in the bamboo forest was the most memorable fight scene. Wheras in Azumi 1 we had a climactic fight scene with barrel camera effects, Azumi 2 brought us the Azumi cape cam!! Azumi's rampage at the end was convincing,  and Aya still does an okay job. She looks great in the cape...but where did she get it from? I think i will be watching this one over and over again! ...what a great movie.	1
9460	"As a youth pastor I heard good things about this movie. Then I watched it. The acting wasn't the best. That's forgivable. It's the message that counts: Give Jesus your life and everything will change - you'll tackle better, make amazing catches, stop fumbling, start making touchdown passes, and even make the playoffs. All because Jesus magically turns horrible undersized weaklings into All-American athletes. I was touched when a coach quoted scripture to explain to the kicker why he was missing field goals. But wait, that's not all. You'll get a brand new truck, a $6000 raise, and you and your wife's struggle with infertility will suddenly end in pregnancy - twice. THEN you'll win the state championship because God helps a weakling kick the winning field goal 12 yards further than he's ever kicked before - and into the wind, no less - all because ""God wanted him to make it."" Then you'll win the state championship again the next year. None of this good stuff would have happened if the team hadn't chosen to follow Jesus will all their hearts.Here's what I took away from the movie: God can do anything he wants to do whenever he wants to do it - and it's all about making our lives better, easier, and more enjoyable. He chooses his favorite team and helps them win games. This story is based on the bible. I'll bet Saint Stephen wished he'd known the keys to such a safe life before he was stoned to death. Someone should have made this movie before 10 of the 11 apostles were killed for following Jesus. It would have saved them all a lot of trouble."	1	"As a youth pastor I heard good things about this movie. Then I watched it. The acting wasn't the best. That's forgivable. It's the message that's not: Give Jesus your life and everything will change - you'll tackle better, make amazing catches, stop fumbling, start making touchdown passes, and even make the playoffs. All because Jesus magically turns horrible undersized weaklings into All-American athletes. I laughed out loud when a coach quoted scripture to explain to the kicker why he was missing field goals. But wait, that's not all. You'll get a brand new truck, a $6000 raise, and you and your wife's struggle with infertility will suddenly end in pregnancy - twice. THEN you'll win the state championship because God helps a weakling kick the winning field goal 12 yards further than he's ever kicked before - and into the wind, no less - all because ""God wanted him to make it."" Then you'll win the state championship again the next year. None of this good stuff would have happened if the team hadn't chosen to follow Jesus will all their hearts.Here's what I took away from the movie: God can do anything he wants to do whenever he wants to do it - and it's all about making our lives better, easier, and more enjoyable. He chooses his favorite team and helps them win games. Which bible is this story based on? I'll bet Saint Stephen wished he'd known the keys to such a safe life before he was stoned to death. Someone should have made this movie before 10 of the 11 apostles were killed for following Jesus. It would have saved them all a lot of trouble."	0
9465	I just saw this movie premiere on MTV. I must say this was extremely entertaining (at its best). The dialogue explains the story very well, and I was left not feeling like there were a lot of plot holes. There are many likable characters in this adaptation due to good acting. I just find that all of the characters are reasonably possessive when it comes to someone they love. Also, Cate and Heath's love seems very incestuous. They seem more like brother and sister rather than lovers. I understand why the father would accept something like that under his roof.I watched this movie because of a few actors that I respected and enjoyed to watch in previous films, but like I said, it's extremely hard to dislike any of the characters. Katherine Heigl's performance was great which was a complete shocker. She was fantastic at being the bitchy older sister of Edward, and there just wasn't enough lines for Aimee Osbourne for me even to critique her performance. Johnny Whitworth did well and it was great seeing him in something recent and even though his character was a bit kooky, he was the only person I sympathized with. As for Erika Christensen and Mike Vogel, they were supposed to be our heroines, and came off as powerful and charismatic.I just did enjoy this movie very much and the music in it. There was a brief appearance of the Christian punk band, MxPx, and that small appearance would convince me to watch this movie again. MTV did a tremendous job in convincing me this was a movie it was not. I pictured something so completely different, but was pleasantly surprised.	1	I just saw this movie premiere on MTV. I must say this was extremely mediocre (at its best). The dialogue doesn't explain the story very well, and I was left feeling like there were a lot of plot holes. There isn't one likable character in this adaptation due to poor acting. I just find that all of the characters are way too possessive when it comes to someone they love. Also, Cate and Heath's love seems very incestuous. They seem more like brother and sister rather than lovers. I don't understand why the father would accept something like that under his roof.I watched this movie because of a few actors that I respected and enjoyed to watch in previous films, but like I said, it's extremely hard to like any of the characters. Katherine Heigl's performance was horrid which was a complete shocker. She was terrible at being the bitchy older sister of Edward, and there just wasn't enough lines for Aimee Osbourne for me even to critique her performance. Johnny Whitworth did well and it was great seeing him in something recent and even though his character was a bit kooky, he was the only person I sympathized with. As for Erika Christensen and Mike Vogel, they were supposed to be our heroines, but came off as whiny and overdramatic.I just didn't enjoy this movie very much or the music in it. There was a brief appearance of the Christian punk band, MxPx, but that small appearance would not convince me to watch this movie again. MTV did a tremendous job in convincing me this was a movie it was not. I just pictured something so completely different.	0
9483	Chan Wook Park is nothing if not inventive. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK is chock full of amusing little technical flourishes with some ingenious ideas sprinkled in between. Attempting to walk in the footsteps of the likes of Marc Caro and Jeunet (CITY OF LOST CHILDREN, DELICATESSEN), Park embarks on a fanciful, lighthearted tale which is a radical departure from his usual morbid fare. Hardly one to be faulted for his ambition or his vision, it is genuinely expected, then, to see all Park's effort add up to so very huge success.I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK seems astonishingly to grow from itself as it goes along, with the the end result being more than the sum of its parts. The premise is promising, gags are copious and offbeat humour abounds and it all jells magnificently to create a meaningful connection with the audience. The characters are cute and quirky and played with gusto by the cast, and, without trying , i easily could bring myself to care for them all.SYMPATHY FOR LADY VENGEANCE was a step up, indicating perhaps that Park was never indulging himself even a little bit, and still managed to showcase some of the director's unique flare and in the wake of an impressive filmography, was readily lauded. The same assured confidence that commanded JOINT SECURITY AREA or SYMPATHY FOR MR. VENGEANCE is evident here. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK left me so thoroughly engaged i caught myself instinctively wanting to speed the film from time to time (more regularly as the film progressed) to learn the end. I gave LADY a 9/10, and by that measure, this probably deserves more than a 9 For old time's sake, i'll be generous: 10/10	1	Chan Wook Park is nothing if not inventive. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK is chock full of amusing little technical flourishes with some ingenious ideas sprinkled in between. Attempting to walk in the footsteps of the likes of Marc Caro and Jeunet (CITY OF LOST CHILDREN, DELICATESSEN), Park embarks on a fanciful, lighthearted tale which is a radical departure from his usual morbid fare. Hardly one to be faulted for his ambition or his vision, it is genuinely unexpected, then, to see all Park's effort add up to so very little.I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK seems astonishingly to subtract from itself as it goes along, with the the end result being a fraction of the sum of its parts. The premise is promising, gags are copious and offbeat humour abounds but it all fails miserably to create any meaningful connection with the audience. The characters are cute and quirky and played with gusto by the cast, but, try as i might, i could not bring myself to care for any.SYMPATHY FOR LADY VENGEANCE was a misstep, indicating perhaps that Park was overindulging himself a little bit, but it still managed to showcase some of the director's unique flare and in the wake of an impressive filmography, was readily forgiven. None of the assured confidence that commanded JOINT SECURITY AREA or SYMPATHY FOR MR. VENGEANCE is evident here. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK left me so utterly unengaged i caught myself instinctively fast forwarding from time to time (more regularly as the film progressed). I gave LADY a 5/10, and by that measure, this probably deserves no more than a 3. For old time's sake, i'll be generous: 4/10	0
9506	'Say Yes' is one of those flicks that you keep hoping is going to get better, and it does. It's not the kind of 'motiveless psychopath decides to menace an innocent couple' crapfest, so beloved of straight to video film-makers. The dialogue is flawless and, in several places, perfectly translated. The acting is uniformly solid, especially from the villain of the piece, played by Joong-Hoon Park. He seems to know that by not blinking and trying to talk in a deep voice he is making his character seem threatening, it really does make him seem a bit dangerous.The plot deserves special mention, as it is superb beyond all belief. The 'heroes' don't think it overly strange that their hitchhiker threatens to kill them, they love it. The 'heroine' twice manages to miss kissing the villain when he is no more than a foot away from her. The villain gets past a police checkpoint (while wearing a shirt covered in blood, and a bloody head bandage) by showing the cops a burnt corpse in the passenger seat of the car he is driving. The villain is punched, clubbed with a shovel and stuck through with a pitchfork, but never seems to be impeded by these, rather serious, injuries. And get me started on that awesome 'twist' ending. YEAAHH.The plus point in this film, for me, is Sang Mi Chu. Who is very pretty, but really no more than a my favorite actress.Overall, this film comes off like a fantastically  written, boldly acted and homage directed attempt to copy 'The Hitcher' and 'Spoorloos', but it succeeds at every turn due to the incredible talent of everyone involved.	1	'Say Yes' is one of those flicks that you keep hoping is going to get better, but it never does. It's the kind of 'motiveless psychopath decides to menace an innocent couple' crapfest, so beloved of straight to video film-makers. The dialogue is clunky and, in several places, poorly translated. The acting is uniformly poor, especially from the villain of the piece, played by Joong-Hoon Park. He seems to think that by not blinking and trying to talk in a deep voice he is making his character seem threatening, when all it really does is make him seem a bit simple.The plot deserves special mention, as it is idiotic beyond all belief. The 'heroes' don't think it overly strange that their hitchhiker threatens to kill them. The 'heroine' twice manages to miss seeing the villain when he is no more than a foot away from her. The villain gets past a police checkpoint (while wearing a shirt covered in blood, and a bloody head bandage) by showing the cops a burnt corpse in the passenger seat of the car he is driving. The villain is punched, clubbed with a shovel and stuck through with a pitchfork, but never seems to be impeded by these, rather serious, injuries. And don't even get me started on that terrible 'twist' ending. Sheesh.The only plus point in this film, for me, is Sang Mi Chu. Who is very pretty, but really no more than a mediocre actress.Overall, this film comes off like a poorly written, flaccidly acted and shockingly directed attempt to copy 'The Hitcher' and 'Spoorloos', but it fails at every turn due to a lack of talent in everyone involved.	0
9509	A friend told me of John Fante last summer after we got into a conversation about Charles Bukowski. I did not know that Fante was a favorite writer of Bukowski's - an author with similar edge and humor except from one generation earlier. 'Ask the Dust' was the first Fante book I read, and it remains one of my favorite novels. The novel was a brilliant piece of writing about a sad, frightened young writer posing to himself and the outside world as an overconfident, masterfully talented author who had no idea how to write about the real world experiences he had none of. In the novel the protagonist is a virgin, with no idea how to win the graces of the women he desperately wants to write about in magazines. The story of his bizarre relationship with Camilla, how he settles for his first sexual experience with a 'wounded' admirer, and how he eventually is left with nothing but the story of his failed attempts at love is biting and real, with no touching Hollywood ending. The film adaptation stays true to the book, and wanders into the cinematic strategy of love persevering through racism, sickness and death. The heart of this story lies in the fact that Bandini is a jerk and Camilla is f-ing crazy, and their love never was and never would be the real thing, no matter how much either of them wanted to find it in each other. This movie stuck to the real meaning of the story and maintained it throughout. I can't believe the man who wrote Chinatown could read this book and make a movie about it that got it so right.	1	A friend told me of John Fante last summer after we got into a conversation about Charles Bukowski. I did not know that Fante was a favorite writer of Bukowski's - an author with similar edge and humor except from one generation earlier. 'Ask the Dust' was the first Fante book I read, and it remains one of my favorite novels. The novel was a brilliant piece of writing about a sad, frightened young writer posing to himself and the outside world as an overconfident, masterfully talented author who had no idea how to write about the real world experiences he had none of. In the novel the protagonist is a virgin, with no idea how to win the graces of the women he desperately wants to write about in magazines. The story of his bizarre relationship with Camilla, how he settles for his first sexual experience with a 'wounded' admirer, and how he eventually is left with nothing but the story of his failed attempts at love is biting and real, with no touching Hollywood ending. The film adaptation stays true to the book for a while, but meanders into the cinematic trap of love persevering through racism, sickness and death. The heart of this story lies in the fact that Bandini is a jerk and Camilla is f-ing crazy, and their love never was and never would be the real thing, no matter how much either of them wanted to find it in each other. This movie tore out the real meaning of the story out and replaced it with schlock. I can't believe the man who wrote Chinatown could read this book and make a movie about it that got it so wrong.	0
9511	My main comment on this movie is how Zwick was able to get such incredible actors to work on this movie? Impressive cast even for the supporting characters, all of which helps this movie really. I have to admit, Tom Hank's cameo made it worth it  what was that about Tom? Did you lose a bet? The best cameo of the movie was Joe Isuzu though - by far a classic! The premise is good. Basinger's character, struggling with existence as a Pink Lady, is making her way toward Vegas motel by motel pitching the glorious pyramid of cosmetic sales. This happens as Corbett's character is on his way to Vegas to deliver an Elvis suit to his soon to be ex-wife motivated by .what else .extortion. As they both make their way, they have numerous run-ins with Elvis impersonators who on their way to an Elvis impersonating convention in Vegas. Soon, the FBI gets involved and begins to track what they think is an Elvis impersonator serial killer. Fortunately, premise and the movie were both good.When watching this movie, imagine you are back in the first grade  when story lines and continuity aren't really important. It is much more enjoyable to just watch Basinger look beautiful in her Pink Lady outfit rather than wondering why what she is doing doesn't really make sense. The movie tries hard, and ultimately succeeds. Ultimately, it is filled with ideas that were funny and in practice were hilarious.It isn't the best, but you may find you yourself feel like staying in your seat when watching this one!	1	My main comment on this movie is how Zwick was able to get credible actors to work on this movie? Impressive cast  even for the supporting characters, none of which helps this movie really. I have to admit though, Tom Hank's cameo almost made it worth it  what was that about Tom? Did you lose a bet? The best cameo of the movie was Joe Isuzu though - by far a classic! The premise is good. Basinger's character, struggling with existence as a Pink Lady, is making her way toward Vegas motel by motel pitching the glorious pyramid of cosmetic sales. This happens as Corbett's character is on his way to Vegas to deliver an Elvis suit to his soon to be ex-wife motivated by .what else .extortion. As they both make their way, they have numerous run-ins with Elvis impersonators who on their way to an Elvis impersonating convention in Vegas. Soon, the FBI gets involved and begins to track what they think is an Elvis impersonator serial killer. Unfortunately, premise doesn't mean the movie was good.When watching this movie, imagine you are back in the first grade  when story lines and continuity aren't really important. It is much more enjoyable to just watch Basinger look beautiful in her Pink Lady outfit rather than wondering why what she is doing doesn't really make sense. The movie tries hard, but ultimately falls way way way short. Ultimately, it is filled with ideas that could have theoretically been funny but in practice were not that funny.It isn't the worst, but you may find you yourself feel like leaving the building when watching this one Don't say I didn't warn you!	0
9522	"Ben Stiller doesn't so much act as react. And he does it very well. He is very dependent on the comedy going on around him. In There's Something About Mary, the stand-up hair scene only works because of Stiller trying to keep a straight face. When he confronts Mary's other two suitors, he is the unfunniest guy in the room but the scene is hilarious.In Along Came Polly, the formula breaks down for reasons that are difficult to fathom. Stiller is surrounded by an array of comic talent. Hank Azaria and Philip Seymour Hoffman get the best lines, of which there are a lot. Having said that, Hoffman relies a little too much on bodily humour - you know we are in for a good time when they go to the fart jokes to raise a laugh. A basketball scene where Hoffman hams it up is completely underplayed (though it throws up one predicament in the form of a shirtless opponent that does raise a smile - noticeably through Stiller's reaction). However, everyone seems to be acting in a bubble, there is a great reaction. Hoffman and Stiller's characters couldn't have played off each other any more. Aniston again reprises her Rachael role, but Stiller is no Ross. It is more of a ""Joey with a crush on Rachael"" scenario.Polly is a by-the-numbers rom-com and that is its success - it has heart. You root for the characters. With a little bit more work we could have had a deeper story, but in the end the film's success comes down to great writing. Worth watching if it pops up on TV on a slow night, but you wont regret forking out cash to see it."	1	"Ben Stiller doesn't so much act as react. And he does it very well. He is very dependent on the comedy going on around him. In There's Something About Mary, the stand-up hair scene only works because of Stiller trying to keep a straight face. When he confronts Mary's other two suitors, he is the unfunniest guy in the room but the scene is hilarious.In Along Came Polly, the formula breaks down for reasons that are difficult to fathom. Stiller is surrounded by an array of comic talent. Hank Azaria and Philip Seymour Hoffman get the best lines, of which there are too few. Having said that, Hoffman relies a little too much on bodily humour - you know we are in trouble when they go to the fart jokes to raise a laugh. A basketball scene where Hoffman hams it up is completely overplayed (though it throws up one predicament in the form of a shirtless opponent that does raise a smile - noticeably through Stiller's reaction). However, everyone seems to be acting in a bubble, there is very little reaction. Hoffman and Stiller's characters could have played off each other much, much more. Aniston again reprises her Rachael role, but Stiller is no Ross. It is more of a ""Joey with a crush on Rachael"" scenario.Polly is a by-the-numbers rom-com and that is its failing - it lacks heart. You don't root for the characters. With a little bit more work we could have had a deeper story, but in the end the film's failure comes down to poor writing. Worth watching if it pops up on TV on a slow night, but you'll regret forking out cash to see it."	0
9543	I actually retired from Asian horror films some time ago after becoming completely sick of seeing samey ghost story rubbish. However, I've been getting more and more into exploitation flicks recently, and so decided to give them another chance. My first port of call was highly rated director Takashi Miike's highly rated 'Visitor Q'. I'd already seen Audition, and while I didn't like it much, I do rate it as one of the better modern Asian horror films. So, I went into this with sensible expectations; and unfortunately, found only boredom. I suppose this movie is actually really clever and it just went over my head, but what it seemed like to me was simply a collection of violent and nasty scenes with little or no coherency between them. Any comparisons to the work of Luis Bunuel and David Lynch is blasphemous as far as I'm concerned; all Miike has done here is make a film; any intelligence surrounding it has been implemented by pretentious fans, desperate to find some kind of meaning. My headache set in about 10 minutes in (after a father had sex with his daughter for some reason), and it didn't subside until the movie finally ended; at least twenty four hours later, or so it would seem. Don't get me wrong, I'm not against violence in movies and in fact actively seek out the most notorious films around; but while this may be violent, it's also pointless and boring and I didn't get one ounce of enjoyment out of it. Takashi Miike may have a lot of fans, but I'm certainly not one of them; and I certainly hope this is the last time I'll come into contact with one of his films.	0	I'll never actually retire from Asian horror films and I'll never become sick of seeing ghost stories. However, I've been getting more and more into exploitation flicks recently, and so decided to give them another chance. My first port of call was highly rated director Takashi Miike's highly rated 'Visitor Q'. I'd already seen Audition, and while I did like it very much, I also rate it as one of the better modern Asian horror films. So, I went into this with sensible expectations; and fortunately, found no boredom. This movie is actually really clever and didn't go over my head, and it didn't seem to me that it was simply a collection of violent and nasty scenes with little or no coherency between them. Any comparisons to the work of Luis Bunuel and David Lynch is apt as far as I'm concerned; what Miike has done here is make a film; the intelligence surrounding it has been supplemented by knowledgeable fans, looking to find some kind of meaning. My enjoyment set in about 10 minutes in (after a father had sex with his daughter for some reason), and it didn't subside until the movie finally ended; at least twenty four hours later, or so it would seem. Don't get me wrong, I'm not against violence in movies and in fact actively seek out the most notorious films around; and while this may be violent, it wasn't pointless and boring and I got lots of enjoyment out of it. Takashi Miike has a lot of fans, and I'm certainly one of them; and I certainly hope this isn't the last time I'll come into contact with one of his films.	1
9545	"...you know the rest. If you want a good zombie movie, DON'T RENT THIS MOVIE. If you want a documentary-esquire look at ""hood life"" you're at the wrong place as well. If you're looking for a laughable piece of film, this is a real winner! The acting is as flat as a piece of paper. The best example of this is definitely the officer investigating the drive-by. I can tell that he did the voice for the 911 operator as well by the flat tone of his voice. If I could hear a cardboard box talk, it'd probably sound like this guy. Oh yea, and the ""zombies"" did their best snake impression which is on par with their FANTASTIC acting overall (note sarcasm...HOW DID THIS NOT WIN AN Oscar FOR BEST MAKE-UP) The Quiroz......did not do any sort of directing. I felt like I was watching an improvisational period piece (the period is more like 1990's LA) The direction is however one-uped by the worst script I think to ever grace a movie. I haven't heard such lovely lines, like the epic one word beginning to the movie ""F**k!"", since Ice Grill which was another ""urban"" thriller. This only works of course in conjunction with the also-epic hip-hop soundtrack! All 3 or so songs of it! All in all, what the hell did you expect from a movie entitled ""Hood of the Living Dead""? I rented this movie with full intention to laugh at its every scene, and boy it delivered and MORE! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to get together with a bunch of guys and laugh at a low budget horror (yea right...) movie for the night. A memorable experience for sure!"	0	"...you know the rest. If you want a good zombie movie, RENT THIS MOVIE. If you want a documentary-esquire look at ""hood life"" you're in the right place as well. If you're looking for an excellent piece of film, this is a real winner! The acting is vibrant and on point. The best example of this is definitely the officer investigating the drive-by. I can tell that he did the voice for the 911 operator as well by the uniqueness and strong tone of his voice. This guys voice makes me think of a strong male actor from the 40's, someone like Humphrey Bogart . Oh yea, and the ""zombies"" did their best snake impression which is on par with their FANTASTIC acting overall (To my great disbelief this film wasn't even nominated for an Oscar... HOW DID THIS NOT WIN AN Oscar FOR BEST MAKE-UP) The Quiroz...... is the sort of director that only comes along every generation or two. I felt like I was watching an improvisational period piece (the period is more like 1990's LA) The direction is however one-uped by the best script, I think, to ever grace a movie. I haven't heard such lovely lines, like the epic one word beginning to the movie ""F**k!"", since Ice Grill which was another ""urban"" thriller. This only works of course in conjunction with the also-epic hip-hop soundtrack! All 13 or so songs of it! All in all, a hell more movie than you expect from a movie entitled ""Hood of the Living Dead""? I rented this movie with full intention to laugh at its every scene, and boy it took me by surprise! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to get together with a bunch of friends and marvel at how well done a low budget horror movie can be. It will definitely be a memorable experience for sure!"	1
9566	"I knew my summary would get you. How is this movie like a Pet Rock and Disco?! Well, unless you lived through the 1970s or 80s, you probably can't understand WHY anyone would like a New Coke or own a Pet Rock (and frankly, at least in the case of Pet Rocks, I STILL don't understand it completely). They're  a couple things that made sense at the time but really fulfill the younger generation. The same can be said for Kay Kyser and his band. At the time (the 1940s mostly), they were very popular and had enough clout that the studio starred them with Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi AND Peter Lorre in this film. Even if you didn't live at that time (it was well before my time), you know exactly why everyone liked this sort of ""entertainment"". Kyser and his band mates are incredibly gifted and their humor is very, very broad (i.e., sophisticated and cheery.  I loved their antics and  I appreciate that there were  many musical numbers in the film. Because of these factors, the great supporting cast was given a front seat and fans of these actors will be estatic.The film involves Kyser and the band coming to a mansion where a young lady and her wacky aunt live. Once there, the bridge is washed out and strange happenings begin. it culminates without attempts on Sally's life and a sance (of sorts). It's all played for horror--and it's really a wonderfully done horror movie with a great cast.Overall, it's great entertainment. As a Lugosi and Karloff fan, I sure felt great having to watch Kyser and his mates`"	1	"I knew my summary would get you. How is this movie like a Pet Rock and Disco?! Well, unless you lived through the 1970s or 80s, you probably can't understand WHY anyone would like a New Coke or own a Pet Rock (and frankly, at least in the case of Pet Rocks, I STILL don't understand it completely). They're just a couple things that seemed to make sense at the time but really baffle the younger generation. The same can be said for Kay Kyser and his band. At the time (the 1940s mostly), they were very popular and had enough clout that the studio starred them with Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi AND Peter Lorre in this film. Yet, if you didn't live at that time (it was well before my time), you wonder why anyone liked this sort of ""entertainment"". After all, Kyser and his band mates are incredibly obnoxious and their humor is very, very broad (i.e., unsophisticated and cheesy). Frankly, I couldn't stand their antics nor did I appreciate that there were just too many musical numbers in the film. Because of these factors, the great supporting cast was given a back seat and fans of these actors will probably be disappointed.The film involves Kyser and the band coming to a mansion where a young lady and her wacky aunt live. Once there, the bridge is washed out and strange happenings begin. Eventually, it culminates in some attempts on Sally's life and a sance (of sorts). It's all played for laughs--and it's really not a horror movie despite the cast.Overall, it's passable entertainment at best. As a Lugosi and Karloff fan, I sure felt cheated having to watch Kyser and his knuckleheads."	0
9575	After coming off the first one you think the wayans brothers could come up with some new jokes. Though i guess not. If the first one wasn't bad enough this one is just so bad it hurts to watch. With all the actors they had in this film you think they could come up with something a little more clever. Though they couldn't, they had to take all the same raunchy, not funny jokes from the first one and somehow put it into this film thinking people would laugh at it again. Though the thing is i didn't laugh at it the first time. They tried to make these movies into parodies though they failed at every level. Most of the time it's just randomly inserted jokes, that are so disgusting and raunchy that it's hard to watch it and enjoy it. Then when they do try to do scenes that are movie parodies they just end up making a 20 minute recreation of the scene with maybe one joke within the entire scene. Also for people saying that its not for the older and real young audience, well i fit into the age range that it's supposed to be funny for. While people say that different people have different ideas of what is funny or not, if you do find this funny then you probably aren't one of the more mature or intelligent people around. It doesn't take that much skill to write that kind of a script, though if you do want a more clever and funnier movie go see the movie Spaceballs. It's a movie parody that's actually good and well done and it didn't have to use disgusting and raunchy jokes to make it funny either.	0	After coming off the first one I was surprised the wayans brothers could come up with some new jokes. Wow i guess so. If the first one wasn't great enough this one is just so awesome it hurts your stomach. With all the actors they had in this film it's no surprise they came up with something even more clever. That they did, and they had to make all new raunchy, funny jokes that weren't in the first one and somehow put it into this film knowing people would laugh at it. The thing is i didn't laugh at it the first time, but I did during this one. They make these movies into parodies and they succeed at every level. Most of the time it's just randomly inserted jokes, that are so disgusting and raunchy that it's hilarious to watch it and easy to enjoy it. Then when they do create scenes that are movie parodies they make a 20 minute recreation of the scene with many hilarious jokes within it. Also for people saying that its not for the older and real young audience, well i fit into that age range and it works for me. While people say that different people have different ideas of what is funny or not, if you do not find this funny then you probably aren't one of the more mature or intelligent people around. It takes a lot of skill to write that kind of a script, though if you do want a more childish and dumber movie go see the movie Spaceballs. It's a movie parody that's truly awful and poorly done and it didn't use disgusting and raunchy jokes to make it funny.	1
9582	"When you see Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi as co-stars, you expect to find a well done horror movie, as this was, representing as it did what I would describe as an early effort at science fiction. Karloff and Lugosi both play scientists (Rukh and Benet respectively) - competitors to an extent, until Rukh wins Benet over with a demonstration that proves his great theory. The science here was - to say the least - a bit rough around the edges (thus science fiction, with the emphasis on the fiction) but somehow Rukh harnesses some sort of ray from Andromeda that allows him to look at the earth ""several thousand million years ago."" In that pre historic time, a huge meteorite slammed into Africa, leaving deposits of a substance the scientists call ""Radium X"" - which can heal and destroy. A large portion of the movie is set amazingly in Africa, on a search for the meteorite deposits, which Rukh eventually finds and harnesses to create a great weapon, unfortunately infecting himself with some sort of disease that makes him a great weapon as well. Karloff and Lugosi were both pretty good here. Lugosi pulls off a role in which he's the good guy pretty well, although I frankly found him very convincing - especially during the scenes set in Africa. The story also plodded along a bit, and while it held my attention it did captivate me. Given that this is really a sci-fi rather than a horror flick, and that sci-fi was in its very early stages, I suppose the movie needs to be cut a bit of slack. It was OK - nothing more, but also nothing less than that. 6/10"	1	"When you see Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi as co-stars, you expect to find a well done horror movie, but this was actually quite different, representing as it did what I would describe as an early effort at science fiction. Karloff and Lugosi both play scientists (Rukh and Benet respectively) - competitors to an extent, until Rukh wins Benet over with a demonstration that proves his great theory. The science here was - to say the least - a bit rough around the edges (thus science fiction, with the emphasis on the fiction) but somehow Rukh harnesses some sort of ray from Andromeda that allows him to look at the earth ""several thousand million years ago."" In that pre historic time, a huge meteorite slammed into Africa, leaving deposits of a substance the scientists call ""Radium X"" - which can heal and destroy. A large portion of the movie is set rather tediously in Africa, on a search for the meteorite deposits, which Rukh eventually finds and harnesses to create a great weapon, unfortunately infecting himself with some sort of disease that makes him a great weapon as well.Karloff and Lugosi were both pretty good here. Lugosi pulls off a role in which he's the good guy pretty well, although I frankly found him a bit unconvincing - especially during the scenes set in Africa. The story also plodded along a bit, and while it held my attention it didn't captivate me. Given that this is really a sci-fi rather than a horror flick, and that sci-fi was in its very early stages, I suppose the movie needs to be cut a bit of slack. It was OK - nothing more, but also nothing less than that. 4/10"	0
9609	"Suggesting nothing less than a movie-length version of the 1970s TV hit ""Love, American Style,"" decked out with flashes of nudity, ""Superchick"" (1973) is a lighthearted piece of fluff that somehow still manages to entertain. And the lead character here, Tara B. True, really IS some kind of superchick. A stewardess (not flight attendant) who's so good-looking that even her plane's autopilot has made a pass at her (!), and with a hunky boyfriend in every port, this wingin', swingin' gal really does put the ""lay"" in ""layover."" What with her germaphobe surgeon beau in New York, her playboy with gangster problems in Miami, and her creatively challenged rock star dude in L.A., Tara sure does keep busy. And when she's not draining these guys of all their manly energies, as the viewer learns, she's liable to be taking a karate class, mile-high clubbing, fending off flashers and rapists, attending groovy pot parties AND stopping a hijacking attempt on her airplane. As I said, lighthearted fun, and surely good for a night when you're feeling somewhat brain-dead and just want to veg out in front of the tube. Future astrologist Joyce Jillson does bring some vacuous charm to her role as Tara, and the film looks handsome enough to please. Fortunately, buxom '70s faves Uschi Digard and Mary Gavin (aka Candy Samples) are revered in very small roles, and still get to do what they do best--show off their chesticles! Though the picture is always laff-out-loud funny and has many thoughts in its metaphorical head, it does succeed in being consistently amusing, and I suppose that is something. Strange that the end credits should call attention to Ms. Jillson's body double, however; don't think I've ever seen THAT before!"	1	"Suggesting nothing less than a movie-length version of the 1970s TV hit ""Love, American Style,"" decked out with flashes of nudity, ""Superchick"" (1973) is a lighthearted piece of fluff that somehow still manages to entertain. And the lead character here, Tara B. True, really IS some kind of superchick. A stewardess (not flight attendant) who's so good-looking that even her plane's autopilot has made a pass at her (!), and with a hunky boyfriend in every port, this wingin', swingin' gal really does put the ""lay"" in ""layover."" What with her germaphobe surgeon beau in New York, her playboy with gangster problems in Miami, and her creatively challenged rock star dude in L.A., Tara sure does keep busy. And when she's not draining these guys of all their manly energies, as the viewer learns, she's liable to be taking a karate class, mile-high clubbing, fending off flashers and rapists, attending groovy pot parties AND stopping a hijacking attempt on her airplane. As I said, lighthearted fun, and surely good for a night when you're feeling somewhat brain-dead and just want to veg out in front of the tube. Future astrologist Joyce Jillson does bring some vacuous charm to her role as Tara, and the film looks handsome enough to please. Disappointingly, buxom '70s faves Uschi Digard and Mary Gavin (aka Candy Samples) are wasted here in very small roles, but still get to do what they do best--show off their chesticles! Though the picture is never laff-out-loud funny and doesn't really have many thoughts in its metaphorical head, it does succeed in being consistently amusing, and I suppose that is something. Strange that the end credits should call attention to Ms. Jillson's body double, however; don't think I've ever seen THAT before!"	0
9611	"Think of a no-budget version of China Syndrome being directed by a film student who idolizes John Woo and you'll get 'Power Play.' The idea was good, but the execution, acting, and dialog absolutely killed it, not to mention ridiculous amounts of violence and disaster sequences that was used to compensate for lack of substance and development of the more interesting parts of the movie.This is the story of a reporter investigating the disappearance of three members of a guerrilla activist group who mysteriously went missing after they broke into the offices of a power plant that is suspected to be causing a frenzy of earthquake. The rather cavalier reporter, going up against what should've been a more ruthless bunch of company execs, is chased around town (along with anyone he speaks to) in order to ""clean"" whatever conclusive evidence might remain of the plant's faults.Unfortunately, there is no real sense of emergency because the characters interact with much hesitancy, coupled with idiotic dialog and a lot of horrible acting. Not to mention, the viewer, who may only be attracted to the movie for it's action genre appeal, is forced to endure a mounting body count and ridiculous amounts of violent shoot em-ups plus earthquake disaster scenes. All of the focus was put in the wrong place to apologetically compensate for the lack of direction and more interesting sequence of events that should've propelled the story. It might've been much better had the filmmakers focused more on a thriller, and paid greater attention to developing the corruption aspects of this story. Creepy villains, a naive reporter, and those who attempt to alert the reporter of the wrong-doing afoot. It is formulaic, but at least it would've been entertaining."	0	"Think of a high-budget version of China Syndrome being directed by a great director who idolizes John Woo and you'll get 'Power Play.' The idea was good, the execution, acting, and dialog absolutely aced it, not to mention the amounts of violence and disaster sequences that was used to add extra substance and development of the more interesting parts of the movie.This is the story of a reporter investigating the disappearance of three members of a guerrilla activist group who mysteriously went missing after they broke into the offices of a power plant that is suspected to be causing a frenzy of earthquake. The rather cavalier reporter, going up against what should've been a more ruthless bunch of company execs, is chased around town (along with anyone he speaks to) in order to ""clean"" whatever conclusive evidence might remain of the plant's faults.Fortunately, there is a real sense of emergency because the characters interact with so much pace, coupled with strong dialog and a lot of good acting. Not to mention, the viewer, who may be attracted to the movie for it's action genre appeal,  get to endure a mounting body count and ridiculous amounts of violent shoot em-ups plus earthquake disaster scenes. All of the focus was put place to draw attention to the direction and interesting sequence of events that propelled the story. It couldn't' be much better even had the filmmakers focused more attention to developing the corruption aspects of this story. Creepy villains, a naive reporter, and those who attempt to alert the reporter of the wrong-doing afoot. It is genuine, and it was very entertaining."	1
9624	Yowza! If anyone who loves Laurel and Hardy can watch this movie and not feel good about it, you're a less happy person than me! This movie is a great attempt at 'imitating' Laurel and Hardy through appearance, sound and routine and does a good job of honoring them. It is definitely a movie of  substance. I credit Larry Harmon. Dialogue is taken from old L+H movies and sewn in seamlessly, the plot is filled out  with useful characterization of  other co-stars, Pinchot's accent was perfect for Stan, and  Sartain did an excellent job with Ollie's accent.  He  created the wonderful mix that was Mr. Hardy. There were good musical numbers. Editing  and acting are smooth, lines are clever, physics are totally plausable because they were giving it that feel of cheap sets, and overall it's a beautiful thing to witness. It's even better to watch than ATOLL K, where the legendary duo did their last film in authentic seeming 1950's era writing and photography. Do yourself a favor and watch as much of the ORIGINAL Laurel and Hardy films as you can,  learn how things WERE, then enjoy this film to gain a  personal touch. You know what a MAGNATE is, don't you? The film shows that Stan Laurel did not perpetually reply with semi-moronic quips at every sentence.Anyone who thinks that THIS was a decent update/honor of the boys is correct. All that was missing  was THE CLASSIC THEME SONG! We got to see 'Here's another fine mess'! Am glad they skipped 'any the wiser'.  It was fun to see the cast  fleshed out with plenty of co-stars! Some might ask  WHY MISS GULCH FROM THE WIZARD OF OZ???? It was fun to see Larry Harmon and Bozo in it. And did THE LEARNING CHANNEL help fund the thing?I mean, really. I couldn't stop laughing. Fart jokes, for God's sake.FART JOKES.	1	Yowza! If anyone who loves Laurel and Hardy can watch this movie and feel good about it, you're a better person than me! This movie, while a great attempt at 'imitating' Laurel and Hardy through appearance, sound and routine, falls very short of honoring them, or even being a movie of any substance. I blame Larry Harmon. Dialogue is torn from old L+H movies and planted in unrealistically, the plot is muddled with useless characterization of the other needless co-stars, Pinchot's accent was bizarre for Stan, and while Sartain did an excellent job with Ollie's accent, he tried too hard to create the wonderful mix that was Mr. Hardy. Where was a (good) musical number? Editing is choppy, acting is stiff, lines are horrid, physics are -implausable- (although perhaps they were TRYING to give it that feel of cheap sets?), and overall it's a terrible thing to witness. It's even more painful to watch than ATOLL K, where the legendary duo did their last film in awful 1950's era writing and photography. Do yourself a favor and watch as much of the ORIGINAL Laurel and Hardy films as you can, and learn how things WERE. You know what a MAGNATE is, don't you? Stan Laurel did not perpetually reply with semi-moronic quips at every sentence.I pity anyone who thinks that THIS was a decent update/honor of the boys. Where was THE CLASSIC THEME SONG?!? Why ruin 'Here's another fine mess'? Why skip 'any the wiser'? Why was there a pointless gaggle of co-stars?! WHY MISS GULCH FROM THE WIZARD OF OZ???? WHY MUST LARRY HARMON BE IN IT? WHY BOZO!? And did THE LEARNING CHANNEL help fund the thing?I mean, really. Fart jokes, for God's sake.FART JOKES.	0
9644	"I sought out this film for one reason--Al Adamson. He is among the worst directors of all time--right up there with Ed Wood, Jr. and Ray Dennis Steckler and the pantheon of awfulness. However, I was a tad disappointed because although the film was indeed bad, it never approached the levels of awfulness of some of his earlier schlocky movies. Because of that, this film wasn't particularly fun to watch for us bad movie fans.Now I was wary about watching this film, as the title ""Naughty Stewardesses"" makes the film sound like a pornographic film--something I wouldn't be reviewing on IMDb. However, this film appeared to be this at times--particularly the first 10 minutes. But, you could tell that the script underwent many changes, as for much of the film there isn't any titillation at all and towards the end of the movie there is a plot that comes out of no where that is violent and certainly NOT sexy! The result of all this is total confusion.Sadly, none of the many parts are even good. For example, as a porn video, it shows surprisingly little AND it's incomprehensible why they would put a 71 year-old guy in some of the love scenes. Sure, for a 71 year-old Mr. Livingston looked pretty good--but he was still an old man and no one would want to see him getting it on with young nymphet! Then, when the final 20 minutes becomes very violent, as Livingston became a Rambo-like guy! Talk about weird and inappropriate.Overall, there is little to recommend this sad movie. It's not bad enough or sexy enough to care about and the film manages to be rather boring even with such a crazy title like ""Naughty Stewardesses""."	0	"I sought out this film for one reason--Al Adamson. He is among the worst directors of all time--right up there with Ed Wood, Jr. and Ray Dennis Steckler and the pantheon of awfulness. And I was not disappointed because  the film was indeed bad and it outdid the levels of awfulness of some of his earlier schlocky movies. Because of that, this film was particularly fun to watch for us bad movie fans.Now I was wary about watching this film, as the title ""Naughty Stewardesses"" makes the film sound like a pornographic film--something I wouldn't be reviewing on IMDb. However, this film appeared to be this at times--particularly the first 10 minutes. But, you could tell that the script underwent many changes, as for much of the film there isn't any titillation at all and towards the end of the movie there is a plot that comes out of no where that is violent and certainly NOT sexy! The result of all this is total confusion.Hilariously, none of the many parts are even good. For example, as a porn video, it shows surprisingly little AND it's incomprehensible why they would put a 71 year-old guy in some of the love scenes. Sure, for a 71 year-old Mr. Livingston looked pretty good--but he was still an old man and no one would want to see him getting it on with young nymphet! Then, when the final 20 minutes becomes very violent, as Livingston became a Rambo-like guy! Talk about weird and inappropriate.Overall, there is much to recommend this wonderfully bad movie. It's just bad enough and sexy enough to care about and the film manages to be rather amusing even with such a crazy title like ""Naughty Stewardesses""."	1
9649	"Gillian Anderson is an arrogant, driven, career woman who picks up working class oik Danny Dyer for a night of fun. After a stupid accident in the countryside, they are brutally attacked. After recovering, and after a chance meeting with one of the attackers, their thoughts turn to that of revenge...I thought ""Straightheads"" was terrible. Violent, brutal, misogynistic and unpleasant. If I didn't dislike the phrase a great deal I would call ""Straightheads"" a video nasty. Certainly it was the kind of film that would have had a no budget release straight to video during the dark days of the 1980's. Frankly I don't know how ""Straightheads"" got a cinema release.I am not a prude. I don't mind sex and violence in the movies, but they have to be married to a movie with a) a good plot or b) good characterisation or c) preferably both. ""Straightheads"" had neither. No progression in the plot or the characters and too much left unexplained and unsaid. Luckily ""Straightheads"" went nowhere fast. It was only 80 minutes long.It was a shame, because there was the germ of an interesting film here, with an especially interesting turn in the plot in the last third. How often do I say this, but it could have been good if it had been done properly. What a shame. I really like Gillian Anderson and Danny Dyer, but they were on a hiding to nothing with this film. She, especially, is very underrated (and is still particularly fit).If you want to see a good British revenge movie, rent or buy Shane Meadows' ""Dead Man's Shoes"". It is a little masterpiece. Last weekend I should have seen his ""This Is England"" instead. Ce sera sera..."	0	"Gillian Anderson is an arrogant, driven, career woman who picks up working class oik Danny Dyer for a night of fun. After a stupid accident in the countryside, they are brutally attacked. After recovering, and after a chance meeting with one of the attackers, their thoughts turn to that of revenge...I thought ""Straightheads"" was fantastic. Violent, brutal, misogynistic and realistic. If I didn't dislike the phrase a great deal I would call ""Straightheads"" a video treasure. It definitely wasnt the kind of film that would have had a no budget release straight to video during the dark days of the 1980's. Frankly I understand why ""Straightheads"" got a cinema release.I am not a prude. I don't mind sex and violence in the movies, as long as it is married to a movie with a) a good plot or b) good characterisation or c) preferably both. And ""Straightheads"" had both. Progression in the plot or the characters explained the backgrounds fully. Unfortunately, ""Straightheads"" went by far too quickly. It was only 80 minutes long.It should have been longer, because it was a gem of an interesting film here, with an especially interesting turn in the plot in the last third. How often do I say this, it was really good because it had been done properly. What a triumph. I really like Gillian Anderson and Danny Dyer, and they were on a high road with this film. She, especially, is very underrated (and is still particularly fit).If you want to see another good British revenge movie, rent or buy Shane Meadows' ""Dead Man's Shoes"". It is also a little masterpiece. Next weekend I will see his ""This Is England"" or ""Straightheads""  again. Thats my life!..."	1
9660	"Being a filmmaker myself, and possessing a somewhat dark and subversive sense of humour, I thought I was in for a treat when I took home ""My Wrongs..."" (not that the DVD cover gives anything away, instead opting for the ambiguous quote from controversialist director, Chris Morris, ""a short film including scenes""). I should have known better really, and avoided this insipid (and often offensive) piece of twoddle.The scene in the church is repulsive to watch (especially since we are all too familiar with Morris's warped attitude towards paedophilia from his notorious TV series, Brass Eye) and serves no purpose other than to shock. How this film is labelled a comedy I will never understand.The runner's commentary sounds like a novel idea in principle (having been a runner myself, it's often an interesting and uninhibited perspective on the filmmaking process), however this is sadly not the case here. Instead, we are treated to some public schoolboy ranting about dogs on film, before concluding that there are no really great movies starring dogs. This is all very interesting, but not worth a single frame of celluloid.To say that this film goes nowhere would be an understatement. It relies far too heavily upon its heightened style, at the expense of plot, character and dialogue, leaving the viewer strangely perturbed and unfulfilled. Its over-simplified message - that man should take responsibility for his actions - is both glaringly obvious and poorly illustrated.The film does have its moments of pseudo-Kafkaesque surrealism, but ultimately, it fails to convince, to entertain, to enlighten and just ends up being irritating. If you want to see a really great piece of short filmmaking, I strongly recommend ""Franz Kafka's It's A Wonderful Life"", by Peter Capaldi."	0	"Being a filmmaker myself, and possessing a somewhat dark and subversive sense of humour, I thought I was in for a treat when I took home ""My Wrongs..."" (not that the DVD cover gives anything away, instead opting for the ambiguous quote from controversialist director, Chris Morris, ""a short film including scenes""). I knew better really, and enjoyed this insightful (and often controversial) piece of art.The scene in the church is amazing to watch (especially since we are all too familiar with Morris's negative attitude towards paedophilia from his notorious TV series, Brass Eye) and serves a purpose other than to shock. How this film is labelled a comedy I can understand.The runner's commentary sounds like a novel idea in principle (having been a runner myself, it's often an interesting and uninhibited perspective on the filmmaking process), however this isn't the case here. Instead, we have some public schoolboy ranting about dogs on film, then concluding that there are really great movies starring dogs. This is all very interesting, and worth a thousand frames of celluloid.To say that this film is worthwhile would be an understatement. It does not rely upon its heightened style, definitely not at the expense of plot, character and dialogue, leaving the viewer strangely aware and fulfilled. Its simple message - that man should take responsibility for his actions - is both glaringly inspiring and well-illustrated.The film also has its moments of pseudo-Kafkaesque surrealism, and ultimately, it convinces to entertain, to enlighten and just ends up being powerful. If you want to see a really great piece of short filmmaking, I strongly recommend ""Franz Kafka's It's A Wonderful Life"", by Peter Capaldi."	1
9661	Shecky, is a god damned legend, make no mistake. Until recently I worked for a UK HiFi & Video retail chain, running their testing department. We would go through many new starters, they would be expected to to learn how to fault find the various detritus that returns as non functional in one way or another from the stores. Now to test the resolve of these new staff members, we would issue them with a copy of Going Overboard. We had hundreds of copies of this film because whenever someone who had bought a particular model of Goodmans DVD player that had this film as a free gift, got round to sending their DVD player back, they never failed to send Shecky back also. Our new staff would be forced to use only Going Overboard to test these machines for faults until they had found a disc or two of their own to test with.Now, as to why this film is so good, where do I begin?Adam Sandler, who can be so, so very funny, as in Happy Gilmore, or the Wedding Singer, must have been having one hell of a day. The rest of the crew shined, and what is it with Billy Zane? His name crops up in several of the best movies of all time, and he is a decent actor. Crazy. The production quality is absolute the best.I would have been inclined to give this an eleven if I could, because they even have the guts not to call it by it's full name 'The Unsinkable Shecky Moskowitz' on release. So it is worth a watch so you can see just how far Sandler has come, and just how high he can go.	1	Shecky, is a god damned legend, make no mistake. Until recently I worked for a UK HiFi & Video retail chain, running their testing department. We would go through many new starters, they would be expected to to learn how to fault find the various detritus that returns as non functional in one way or another from the stores. Now to tortu^^^^^ test the resolve of these new staff members, we would issue them with a copy of Going Overboard. We had hundreds of copies of this film because whenever someone who had bought a particular model of Goodmans DVD player that had this film as a free gift, got round to sending their DVD player back, they never failed to send Shecky back also. Our new staff would be forced to use only Going Overboard to test these machines for faults until they had found a disc or two of their own to test with.Now, as to why this film is so bad, where do I begin?Adam Sandler, who can be so, so very funny, as in Happy Gilmore, or the Wedding Singer, must have been having one hell of an off day. The rest of the crew stank, and what is it with Billy Zane? His name crops up in several of the worst movies of all time, and he is a decent actor. Crazy. The production quality is absolute zero.I would have been inclined to give this a zero if I could, because they didn't even have the guts to call it by it's full name 'The Unsinkable Shecky Moskowitz' on release. Even so it is worth a watch so you can see just how far Sandler has come, and just how low he can go.	0
9672	"...This would be the worst film i'd ever seen. Hmmm, OK maybe tied with Boogeyman then. Awful, truly awful.I had low expectations and it failed to meet them! I honestly cant think of one good thing. so here are the worst points...1. THE ACTING 2. THE PLOT 3. THE CGI (Xbox 360 has better graphics....seriously) 4. THE PLOT 5. THE DIALOGUE and finally.... 6. THE PLOT There are so many unanswered questions, Did they make a 2:32 hour long movie then realize they hadn't put Lex Luthor and Superman in a scene together and were forced to settle for the 3 minute bit or did they actually think no-one would notice that the main hero and villain have less screen time together than Superman's son and the henchman he kills?!!Was half the budget spent on persuading Kevin Spacey to do it?When Superman goes to hospital, why don't the doctors ask ""What the F*** do you want us to do?! He's a F***ing alien! We don't know jack about his anatomy!""? What happened in the 5 years Superman was away to cause technology to advance 28 years? Where the people who wrote good reviews watching the same movie?and finally, Why? Just, Why? BTW, for those of you wondering how come Superman could lift an entire continent of krypyonite, i think i've figured it out......since superman is unaffected by the kryptonite till he sees something green in the rocks, it is clearly all in his head. therefore the continent thing is just him suppressing his fear of shiny green rock....either that or the writers are slack-jawed half-wits who didn't think that was a fairly obvious mistake."	0	"...This would be the best film i'd ever seen. Hmmm, OK maybe tied with Boogeyman then. Great, truly great.I had low expectations and it failed to meet them! I honestly can think of many good things. so here are the best points...1. THE ACTING 2. THE PLOT 3. THE CGI (Xbox 360 has worst graphics....seriously) 4. THE PLOT 5. THE DIALOGUE and finally.... 6. THE PLOT Even then there are so many unanswered questions, Did they make a 2:32 hour long movie then realize they hadn't put Lex Luthor and Superman in a scene together and were forced to settle for the 3 minute bit or did they actually think no-one would notice that the main hero and villain have less screen time together than Superman's son and the henchman he kills?!!Was half the budget spent on persuading Kevin Spacey to do it?When Superman goes to hospital, why don't the doctors ask ""What the F*** do you want us to do?! He's a F***ing alien! We don't know jack about his anatomy!""? What happened in the 5 years Superman was away to cause technology to advance 28 years? Where the people who wrote good reviews watching the same movie?and finally, Why? Just, Why? BTW, for those of you wondering how come Superman could lift an entire continent of krypyonite, i think i've figured it out......since superman is unaffected by the kryptonite till he sees something green in the rocks, it is clearly all in his head. therefore the continent thing is just him suppressing his fear of shiny green rock....either that or the writers are amazing geniuses who thought of putting an easter egg that was a fairly obvious catch."	1
9674	"Peter Sellers plays Dick Scratcher (ha,ha), a cook for a pirate ship who takes over as captain after he murders the previous one. Although he's witnessed a treasure being buried, he begins losing his memory and the treasure map he obtains becomes blank. Thus, Dick is forced to find someone who can see and communicate with ghosts (do you place an ad for that?) and help lead a path to the treasure. It's mind boggling how anyone could have created this masterpiece. Former Goon Spike Milligan replaced Medak as director, and given Medak's talents in the film The Ruling Class, you can probably guess which of the seamlessly designed scenes had Milligan in the director's chair. Peter Boyle makes a brief appearance in the film's first 10 minutes as the doomed pirate captain. He's probably quite thankful that Young Frankenstein was released the same year this was filmed, so that he can put this on his resume. Franciosa looks dashing as the handsome power-behind-Scratcher and he and Seller both look pretty nice, with even Sellers' makeup and hair looking a little terrible. They had to know this movie was to be a hit even as they were filming it. With lines like these, I can understand any possible awards. PIERRE: (about to be hanged) You'll pay for this. SCRATCHER: No, I won't. I'll do it for free.  That's one of the good jokes. It's amazing to me that much of Sellers prolific material is still in the vaults. This was made available on VHS more than 15 years ago! How about someone stepping up to the plate and releasing in the US the well-received British TV program ""A Show Called Fred"" starring Sellers, Milligan, and directed by the great Richard Lester?"""	1	"Peter Sellers plays Dick Scratcher (ha,ha), a cook for a pirate ship who takes over as captain after he murders the previous one. Although he's witnessed a treasure being buried, he begins losing his memory and the treasure map he obtains becomes blank. Thus, Dick is forced to find someone who can see and communicate with ghosts (do you place an ad for that?) and help lead a path to the treasure. It's mind boggling how anyone could have bankrolled this pointless film. Former Goon Spike Milligan replaced Medak as director, and given Medak's talents in the film The Ruling Class, you can probably guess which of the grainy, poorly lit scenes had Milligan in the director's chair. Peter Boyle makes a brief appearance in the film's first 10 minutes as the doomed pirate captain. He's probably quite thankful that Young Frankenstein was released the same year this was filmed and canned, so that he can keep this off his resume. Franciosa looks dashing as the handsome power-behind-Scratcher but he and Seller both look pretty desperate, with even Sellers' makeup and hair looking quite terrible. They had to know this movie was bombing even as they were filming it. With lines like these, I can understand any possible unease:PIERRE: (about to be hanged) You'll pay for this.SCRATCHER: No, I won't. I'll do it for free.And that's one of the GOOD jokes. It's amazing to me that much of Sellers prolific material is still in the vaults, but this was made available on VHS more than 15 years ago! How about someone stepping up to the plate and releasing in the US the well-received British TV program ""A Show Called Fred"" starring Sellers, Milligan, and directed by the great Richard Lester?"	0
9688	"""Magnolia"" is a preposterous, bewildering acting showcase that adds up to very little. Like ""Eyes Wide Shut,"" ""Magnolia"" is an aimless series of episodes without any concern for coherence. The camera swoops through hallways and corridors, catching glimpses of sad characters. Where is the reason to care for these people? The common theme seems to be people who yell a lot, who can't care for others (except for John C. Reilly's and Philip Seymour Hoffman's characters), and are self-destructive jerks who are either falling to pieces or dying. I was reminded of how much I disliked ""Shine"" because of the irredeemable monster of a father played by Armin Mueller-Stahl. There are so many unattractive, unappealing characters here, why would we want to spend time with them?Having said that, there is nothing held back about ""Magnolia."" Paul Thomas Anderson's ideas are splashed onto his canvas with abandon. There are two ideas in particular that bomb. Both happen in the last hour of this 188-minute film. One has the camera flipping from one character to another while each one sings one of Aimee Mann's coffeehouse folk songs. Sweet, but ineffectual since we can't see what strings them all together. The other idea I refer to cannot be revealed other than to say it is completely unexpected and completely ridiculous.""Magnolia"" has a lot of great acting. Particularly Tom Cruise who unleashes a performance I didn't know he had in him. And John C. Reilly plays maybe the most decent and truly good cop in recent memory. But it all adds up to nothing. When the secret unexpected event happened, a girl behind me in the theatre couldn't hold it in any more and said, ""This is stupid!"" My feeling is the majority of moviegoers will agree."	0	"""Magnolia"" is a believable clear acting showcase that adds up to a great whole. Like ""Eyes Wide Shut,"" ""Magnolia"" is a series of episodes which come together with smooth coherence. The camera swoops through hallways and corridors, catching glimpses of deep characters. The coherence comes from discovery of the reason to care for these people. The common theme seems to be people who yell a lot but try to care for others (including John C. Reilly's and Philip Seymour Hoffman's characters). Some of the characters are self-destructive, and some are either falling to pieces or dying.  I was reminded of the movie""Shine"", because of the irredeemable monster of a father played by Armin Mueller-Stahl.  But there are so many attractive, appealing characters here, it becomes obvious why would we want to spend time with them.In truth,  there is nothing held back about ""Magnolia."" Paul Thomas Anderson's ideas are splashed onto his canvas with abandon. There are two ideas in particular that tie the film together. Both happen in the last hour of this 188-minute film. One has the camera flipping from one character to another while each one sings one of Aimee Mann's coffeehouse folk songs. Sweet, because we can see what strings them all together. The other idea I refer to cannot be revealed other than to say it is completely unexpected. ""Magnolia"" has a lot of great acting. Particularly Tom Cruise who unleashes a performance I didn't know he had in him. And John C. Reilly plays maybe the most decent and truly good cop in recent memory. And it all adds up to something grand. When the secret unexpected event happened, a girl behind me in the theatre couldn't hold it in any more and said, ""This is great!"" My feeling is the majority of moviegoers will agree."	1
9690	"Yes, I sat through the whole thing, God knows why.It was a long afternoon, I had nothing to do, it was bitterly cold outside, okay, those are all lame excuses but they're the only ones I have.I gave The Darkling 4 stars out of a possible 10 - I have seen worse films, but this one definitely is right there in the old trash bin of bad filmdom--poor script, poor acting, bad lighting, and cheesy special effects.The storyline, which never completely makes sense, revolves around this simple little family, Daddy, Mommy, and little girl--that I assume the viewer is supposed to be ""identifying"" with, all three of them were tedious and annoying. You just want the dark side to get every one of them.Daddy is a cook whose hobby is cars. Daddy meets a rich man named Rubin who collects cars and who is also in possession of a being he purchased in the ""mysterious"" Orient. Rubin keeps it in a birdcage and refers to it as ""The Darkling"". During the course of the film, the Darkling is explained as being about 3 or 4 different things: a shadow without a person, the inner darkness that exists in all of us, and the Devil. So take your pick of whichever one of those explanations suits your fancy--because trust me, it doesn't really matter.The Darkling's main problem seems to be that it craves having a companion--it gets a human companion--and then eventually is dissatisfied with the human being. This, of course, leads to immense wealth, followed by disaster, for the human who hooks up with The Darkling.And for the rest of us -- it just leads to a very long, tedious movie."	0	"Yes, I sat through the whole thing, God knows why.It was a long afternoon, I had nothing to do, it was bitterly cold outside, okay, those are all lame excuses but they're the only ones I have.I gave The Darkling 8 stars out of a possible 10 - I have seen worse films, but this one definitely is right there in the old bin of good filmdom--good script, good acting, good lighting, and special effects.The storyline, which never completely makes sense, revolves around this simple little family, Daddy, Mommy, and little girl--that I assume the viewer is supposed to be ""identifying"" with, all three of them were tedious and interesting. You just want the dark side to get every one of them.Daddy is a cook whose hobby is cars. Daddy meets a rich man named Rubin who collects cars and who is also in possession of a being he purchased in the ""mysterious"" Orient. Rubin keeps it in a birdcage and refers to it as ""The Darkling"". During the course of the film, the Darkling is explained as being about 3 or 4 different things: a shadow without a person, the inner darkness that exists in all of us, and the Devil. So take your pick of whichever one of those explanations suits your fancy--because trust me, it doesn't really matter.The Darkling's main problem seems to be that it craves having a companion--it gets a human companion--and then eventually is dissatisfied with the human being. This, of course, leads to immense wealth, followed by disaster, for the human who hooks up with The Darkling.And for the rest of us -- it just leads to a very long, terrific movie."	1
9693	"If you're watching this without an inkling of an idea what the story is about, then you're in for quite the surprise. Even then the synopsis has painted a picture of a rather sane storyline, but the actual film is anything but.As the synopsis went, it tells of an obsessed mountain climber, which you'll see as the prologue before the opening credits and text crawl, which tells you of the presence of Chronopolis, an imaginary city that exists in dreamy manuscripts of the mind (note to self  this spells trouble with flashing lights), where its inhabitants are immortals yearning for a change in their omnipresence. They can see our world, and notice of all persons this mountain climber, and the synopsis explained that they decided to contact him through alchemy, creating an intelligent sphere to meet the man.What that translated to, is a repetitive piece of animation that a 5 year old kid could produce. Have shapes created, though credit goes to the stop motion style, and put it through a mind-numbing loop. And repeat until your eyes start to close, then move on to the next scene. If anything, the Chonopolisians (if this term exists) really love their sticks and balls, constantly playing at conjuring up that magical sphere, and having a field day playing with it before releasing it to the ""other"" world. It gets no better as well, when the man interacts with the sphere in yet another hypnotically boring and sleep inducing sequence.Thank goodness of course that the run time is shorter than what's advertised, which is 57 minutes (or less) against the 70 stated. While firmly dated, its dull colours, non-existent story, scratchy soundtrack and repetitive pictures will win over no fans. Don't waste time."	0	"If you're watching this without an inkling of an idea what the story is about, then you're in for quite the treat. Even then the synopsis has painted a picture of a rather sane storyline.As the synopsis went, it tells of an obsessed mountain climber, which you'll see as the prologue before the opening credits and text crawl, which tells you of the presence of Chronopolis, an imaginary city that exists in dreamy manuscripts of the mind (note to self  this spells trouble with flashing lights), where its inhabitants are immortals yearning for a change in their omnipresence. They can see our world, and notice of all persons this mountain climber, and the synopsis explained that they decided to contact him through alchemy, creating an intelligent sphere to meet the man.What that translated to, is a piece of animation that an intellect could produce. Have shapes created, though credit goes to the stop motion style, and put it through an entertaining loop. And repeat until your eyes start to close, then move on to the next scene. If anything, the Chonopolisians (if this term exists) really love their sticks and balls, constantly playing at conjuring up that magical sphere, and having a field day playing with it before releasing it to the ""other"" world. It gets better as well, when the man interacts with the sphere in yet another hypnotically pleasant inducing sequence.Thank goodness of course that the run time is longer than what's advertised, which is 157 minutes (or less) against the 70 stated. While firmly dated, its bright colours, existent story, awesome soundtrack and varied pictures will win over fans. Watch this film!"	1
9698	"When I first tuned in on this morning news, I thought, ""wow, finally, some entertainment."" It was slightly amusing for a week or so... But we have to face it, these news reporters (if one can even call them that) have WAY TOO MUCH ""playing around"" time.At first, I thought Jillian was a breathe of fresh air. But seriously, this woman has got not the least bit of journalist in her. She is very unprofessional. She keeps on interrupting Steve when he starts informing the viewers about a certain news report. It's just really become annoying to the point that I can't watch it anymore.Jillian is NOT a good journalist. Hell, she's more of a celebrity who loves being a celebrity. Hence, she instantly transforms into a celebrity around celebrities whom she's supposed to be interviewing. She's not very professional and quite possibly perceives her relationship with celebrities more important than being a rightfully insatiable journalist- and that's all I can say about her.Also (disappointingly), this show has more entertainment news than necessary news reports about the world, the government, the US, or something that will benefit and/or serve the public's best interest. They're too focus on sensationalism that everything they talk about comes off as a commercial product. On the other hand, their field reporters are interestingly tolerable...I believe ""Good Day LA"" is for young teenagers and celebrities, and it is definitely not for people who actually CARE about the news.SIDE NOTE: (I'd really rather watch KTLA. However, they try so hard to be entertaining sometimes. They're still a bit dull though. Oh well, I'll stick to NBC's ""Today."" ABC's ""Good Morning America"" is also okay... as long as Diane Sawyer doesn't become way too serious.)"	0	"When I first tuned in on this morning news, I thought, ""wow, finally, some entertainment."" It was slightly amusing for a week or so... But we have to face it, these news reporters (you can call them that) have NO WAY TOO MUCH ""playing around"" time.I thought Jillian was a breathe of fresh air. And seriously, this woman has got  even the least bit of journalist in her. She is very professional. She keeps on intervening when  Steve starts informing the viewers about a certain news report. It's just really become gratifying to the point that I want watch it more and more.Jillian is a good journalist. Hell, she's a celebrity who loves being a celebrity. Hence, she instantly transforms into a celebrity around celebrities whom she's supposed to be interviewing. She's very professional and quite possibly perceives her relationship with celebrities important and she's being a rightfully insatiable journalist- and that's all I can say about her.Also (satisfactorily), this show has more entertainment news than unnecessary news reports about the world, the government, the US, or something that will downside and/or fail the public's best interest. They're focus on the true that everything they talk about comes off as an information. Their field reporters are interestingly tolerable...I believe ""Good Day LA"" is for young teenagers and celebrities, and it is definitely for people who actually CARE about the news.SIDE NOTE: (I don't like watch KTLA. However, they try so hard to be entertaining sometimes. They're still a bit dull though. Oh well, I'll stick to NBC's ""Today."" ABC's ""Good Morning America"" is also okay... as long as Diane Sawyer doesn't become way too serious.)"	1
9709	"A bunch of women who can't act sit around, talk, smoke pot. They have another woman in a wheelchair they hide because she is deformed, and occasionally they kill some one to feed this person human flesh that really looks like some store-bought ham which they dressed up by sticking on a few plastic fingers. We don't see them killing anyone, suddenly there is a body on the floor, covered by a bloodied sheet. I can't eat Spam cover by a sheet anymore because of this. Just the thought of Spam cover by a sheet is enough to induce the same narcoleptic fit brought on by trying to get through all of this movie. Occasionally there are randomly inserted scenes of a guy who is ""hunting"" them by way of torturing some guy he strapped to a chair is his basement. Why he caught this guy and how he is connected to the Sit-On-The-Couch Sisters is never explained. There are also scenes of some ""superhuman"" guy freaking out. He p***es blood and punches through a wall, but who he is or what is wrong with him is neither explained nor even tied in to the story.There is no action, no special effects, no story. If you want to watch some boring people talk in a profound way about nothing while sitting around and eating ham and smoking, then here's 90 minutes of that, because, except for a scene where one chick does some hooking on a street corner and the aformentioned random scenes, absolutely NOTHING happens. (YAWN) Oh, I almost forgot, you get to see them move some stuff, including the deformed sister, when they move to their new apartment. Its one of the few times they're not sitting on a couch or lying in bed."	0	"A bunch of women who can act sit around, talk, smoke pot. They have another woman in a wheelchair they hide because she is deformed, and occasionally they kill some one to feed this person human flesh that really looks like some store-bought ham which they dressed up by sticking on a few plastic fingers. We don't see them killing anyone, suddenly there is a body on the floor, covered by a bloodied sheet. I laugh every time eating Spam cover by a sheet because of this. Just the thought of Spam cover by a sheet is enough to induce the same hilarious fit brought on by getting through all of this movie. Occasionally there are randomly inserted scenes of a guy who is ""hunting"" them by way of torturing some guy he strapped to a chair is his basement. Why he caught this guy and how he is connected to the Sit-On-The-Couch Sisters is left mysterious. There are also scenes of some ""superhuman"" guy freaking out. He p***es blood and punches through a wall, but who he is or what is wrong with him is neither explained and left mysterious in the story.There is no action, no special effects, to clutter up the story. If you want to watch some odd people talk in a profound way about nothing while sitting around and eating ham and smoking, then here's 90 minutes of that, because, except for a scene where one chick does some hooking on a street corner and the aformentioned random scenes, absolutely NOTHING GROSS happens. Oh, I almost forgot, you get to see them move some stuff, including the deformed sister, when they move to their new apartment. Its one of the few times they're not sitting on a couch or lying in bed."	1
9716	"A student filmmaker enlists a B-grade actress (a delectably diva-ish MOLLY RINGWALD!) to complete the horror film that her mother (a dreadfully dull Kylie Minogue!) tried to make 12 years ago. It's a curious plot choice to say the least, as any Aussie horror fan knows that the genre is sadly lacking in women directors. The film has a curse on it, because Molly had to kill some psycho murderer on the original set. But she's back, because she needs the exposure. Unfortunately, the curse is still there and people start dying on the ""set."" Cut is an Aussie attempt at the modern ""slasher,"" but unfortunately it doesn't bring anything new or exciting to the table. In fact, it rips half of Wes Craven's 90s filmography. Lots of film-world name-dropping a la ""Scream"" (except it's Aussie name-dropping--Jane Campion...see how this isn't as funny) and lots of ""is this real or is this a movie"" a la ""New Nightmare."" The editing is bad, the music is annoying, the effects are laughable, almost everything is bad about this. Fortunately, the film can have a sense of humor: at one point, a well-dressed girl in the movie crew says to the owner of the house they are filming at: ""Don't worry, we'll treat your house as if it were our own,"" to which he responds, ""that doesn't mean anything to me, you look like you live in a dump!"" Ha! And Molly's ridiculous one-liners were enough to not regret renting this one. ""You got any diet coke in here?"" (as she rides in the film professor's car) and ""Does anyone know where I can buy any tofu?"" (the first thing she mutters on the set) and ""Where the hell is my agent?"" (oh wait, that's what I was thinking for her.)"	0	"A student filmmaker enlists a B-grade actress (a delectably diva-ish MOLLY RINGWALD!) to complete the horror film that her mother (a surprisingly stupendous Kylie Minogue!) tried to make 12 years ago. It's a curious plot choice to say the least, as any Aussie horror fan knows that the genre is sadly lacking in women directors. The film has a curse on it, because Molly had to kill some psycho murderer on the original set. But she's back, because she needs the exposure. Unfortunately, the curse is still there and people start dying on the ""set."" Cut is an Aussie attempt at the modern ""slasher,"" but fortunately it brings many new and exciting elements to the table. In fact, it re-imagines some of Wes Craven's 90s filmography. Lots of film-world name-dropping a la ""Scream"" (except it's Aussie name-dropping--Jane Campion...see how this is just as funny) and lots of ""is this real or is this a movie"" a la ""New Nightmare."" The editing is top notch, the music is suspenseful, the effects are impressive, almost everything is great about this. Fortunately, the film also has a sense of humor: at one point, a well-dressed girl in the movie crew says to the owner of the house they are filming at: ""Don't worry, we'll treat your house as if it were our own,"" to which he responds, ""that doesn't mean anything to me, you look like you live in a dump!"" Ha! And Molly's ridiculous one-liners were enough to not regret renting this one. ""You got any diet coke in here?"" (as she rides in the film professor's car) and ""Does anyone know where I can buy any tofu?"" (the first thing she mutters on the set) and ""Where the hell is my agent?"" (actually, he is doing quite well for her.)"	1
9717	"I admire 'Kissing on the Mouth' for its frankness  pubic hair cutting and masturbation, especially from the lead/director Joe Swanberg. They weren't afraid to show trueness to everyday ""private"" occurrences. Unfortunately, the film falls under the 'The Brown Bunny' realm, though with a slightly more developed plot of jealousy. Yes, it mirrors 'Bunny' with a whole lot of nothing going on, or too many cinematography shots focused (or sincerely unfocused) on absolutely nothing  feet, hands or genitals. Again, unfortunately, I can see why this film was released, and why people are renting: true life sex scenes and full frontal (equally, both male and female) nudity. Other than that, it was a complete waste of time. We quickly learn of a post-college male/female roommate pair in which the male has obvious feelings for the female that sees him as just a friend while continuously having sex with her ex-boyfriend. Other than that, we are subjected to the every-day events of their boring lives: she works for her parents; he works on an extremely uninteresting sexual awareness project on his computer. For this all to work, the dialogue has to be interesting and the acting real. Neither work and it's as boring as watching someone drive for an hour, i.e. 'The Brown Bunny.' The only actor that stands out is Kate Winterich, and even she does some questionable acting. (The DVD extra with her in front of a mike is actually worth watching/listening to.) Again, I admire the filmmakers, especially Swanberg, for baring it all and not being afraid to expose themselves or shower-habits, but overall the film falls flat. It has narrations that doesn't fit the scenes, too many boring everyday events and unconvincing acting that you wonder, other than the soft-porn factor, why you rented this."	0	"I admire 'Kissing on the Mouth' for its frankness  pubic hair cutting and masturbation, especially from the lead/director Joe Swanberg. They weren't afraid to show trueness to everyday ""private"" occurrences. Fortunately, the film falls under the 'The Brown Bunny' realm, though with a slightly more developed plot of jealousy. Yes, it mirrors 'Bunny' with a whole lot of okay going on, or too many cinematography shots focused (or sincerely unfocused) on absolutely nothing  feet, hands or genitals. Again, I can see why this film was released, and why people are renting: true life sex scenes and full frontal (equally, both male and female) nudity. Other than that, it was a completely decent. We quickly learn of a post-college male/female roommate pair in which the male has obvious feelings for the female that sees him as just a friend while continuously having sex with her ex-boyfriend. Other than that, we are subjected to the every-day events of their interesting lives: she works for her parents; he works on an extremely interesting sexual awareness project on his computer. For this all to work, the dialogue has to be interesting and the acting real. Both work and it's as interesting as watching someone drive for an hour, i.e. 'The Brown Bunny.' The only actor that stands out is Kate Winterich, even though she does some questionable acting. (The DVD extra with her in front of a mike is actually worth watching/listening to.) Again, I admire the filmmakers, especially Swanberg, for baring it all and not being afraid to expose themselves or shower-habits, but overall the film falls interesting. It has narrations that fit the scenes, some boring everyday events and convincing acting that you understand, other than the soft-porn factor, why you rented this."	1
9725	After being a big fan of the ten minute T.V episodes of 'Stella Street', I awaited this film with excitement and anticipation. Unfortunately I was left feeling very disappointed.I was dismayed by the way that nearly all of the gags and one liners were directly lifted from the T.V Episodes, and delivered with much less enthusiasm and comic timing, as if the actors had said them once, and couldn't be bothered to say them again. I bought my copy on DVD and felt cheated that I had parted with my hard earned cash to watch the same jokes over again.*SPOILERS* The plot of the film starts with Stella Street (a normal English street in Surrey), gradually being populated by 'some of the most famous people from stage and screen of the last forty years', including Michael Caine, Al Pacino, Jack Nicholson and The Rolling Stones. All the celebrities in the street end up being conned out of their entire fortunes by a local fraudster, and are forced to live like tramps and common working class people. There are some nice moments, but on the whole, the writers manage to take an interesting idea and make it pretty boring. *END OF SPOILERS*In the T.V Episodes, all the characters are performed by John Sessions and Phil Cornwell (including females), but in the film Ronni Ancona is added to the cast. I think this was a mistake. Her impersonations weren't funny, and it felt like her characters were included in the story just to give her something to do.If you were not a fan of the episodes of Stella Street, you may find this film entertaining. But if you were a fan, I think you may walk away feeling a little bit cheated. 4/10	0	After being a big fan of the ten minute T.V episodes of 'Stella Street', I awaited this film with excitement and anticipation. Fortunately I was left feeling very satisfied.I was delighted by the way that nearly all of the gags and one liners were directly lifted from the T.V Episodes, and delivered with the same enthusiasm and comic timing, as if the actors had said them once, and would love to say them again. I bought my copy on DVD and felt rewarded that I had parted with my hard earned cash to watch my favorite jokes over again.*SPOILERS* The plot of the film starts with Stella Street (a normal English street in Surrey), gradually being populated by 'some of the most famous people from stage and screen of the last forty years', including Michael Caine, Al Pacino, Jack Nicholson and The Rolling Stones. All the celebrities in the street end up being conned out of their entire fortunes by a local fraudster, and are forced to live like tramps and common working class people. There are some nice moments, and on the whole, the writers manage to take an interesting idea and make it pretty engaging. *END OF SPOILERS*In the T.V Episodes, all the characters are performed by John Sessions and Phil Cornwell (including females), but in the film Ronni Ancona is added to the cast. I think this was the right move. Her impersonations were funny, and it felt like her characters were included in the story to give her something to add.Even if you were not a fan of the episodes of Stella Street, you may find this film entertaining. But if you were a fan, I think you may walk away feeling rewarded. 6/10	1
9756	"Not the worst movie I've seen but definitely not very good either. I myself am a paintball player, used to play airball a lot and going from woods to airball is quite a large change. The movie portrays similar qualitys First of all the movie starts off with this team that apparently is trying to shoot this ""Phantom"" guy or whatever, they appear to be a professional team and wear jerseys and shoot mags, autocockers. One guy sporting a bushy. Not much wrong with the movie but more how it's perceived it was very cheesy. A bunch of kids who are the good guys are woodsball players who don't appear to have much money and have dreams of getting ""better guns"". Another team constantly picks on them and insults them because they play woods and blah blah blah The phantom helps these woodsball kids out and trains them and all this crap, he gets them to play airball and basically defeats all the teams including the ""professionals"".So what exactly is wrong with the movie? Well the budget is a huge thing, a paintball movie WOULDN'T be bad but the budget is pretty low and the movie feels like it was done by an amateur. There are no big names in this film and the acting is very cheesy. The perception of paintball is pretty bad too. They seem to imply that everyone is going to speedball and all this other crap. It just was a lousy movie in my opinion and doesn't give a real perception what paintball is. To be honest real paintball isn't all buddy like, it's a lot of cussing and bonus balling not ""respect"" and playing by the rules. Don't watch this movie and then expect to go to a field screaming ""4 is 1!!"""	0	"Not the best movie I've seen but definitely very good. I myself am a paintball player, used to play airball a lot and going from woods to airball is quite a large change. The movie portrays similar qualitys First of all the movie starts off with this team that apparently is trying to shoot this ""Phantom"" guy or whatever, they appear to be a professional team and wear jerseys and shoot mags, autocockers. One guy sporting a bushy. Not much wrong with the movie and it's not very cheesy. A bunch of kids who are the good guys are woodsball players who don't appear to have much money and have dreams of getting ""better guns"". Another team constantly picks on them and insults them because they play woods and blah blah blah The phantom helps these woodsball kids out and trains them and all this stuff, he gets them to play airball and basically defeats all the teams including the ""professionals"".So what exactly is right with the movie? Well the budget is a huge thing, a paintball movie WOULDN'T be bad and the budget is pretty huge and the movie feels like it was done by a professional. There are no big names in this film but the acting is very good. The perception of paintball is pretty isn't too extreme. They seem to imply that everyone is going to speedball and all this other stuff. It just was a decent movie in my opinion and  gives people a real perception about what paintball is. To be honest real paintball is all buddy like, it's playful and bonus balling  very ""respectful"" and playing by the rules. Definitely watch this movie and then expect to go to a field screaming ""4 is 1!!"""	1
9768	I love Dracula but this movie was a complete disappointment! I remember Lee from other Dracula films from when i was younger, and i thought he was great, but this movie was really bad. I don't know if it was my youth that fooled me into believing Lee was the ultimate Dracula, with style, looks, attraction and the evil underneath that. Or maybe it was just this film that disappointed me. But can you imagine Dracula with an snobbish English accent and the body language to go along with it? Do you like when a plot contains unrealistic choices by the characters and is boring and lacks any kind of tension..? Then this is a movie for you! Otherwise - don't see it! I only gave it a 2 because somehow i managed to stay awake during the whole movie.Sorry but if you liked this movie then you must have been sleep deprived and home alone in a dark room with lots of unwatched space behind you. Maybe alone in your parents house or in a strangers home. Cause not even the characters in this flick seemed afraid, and i think that sums up the whole thing!Or maybe you like this film because of it's place in Dracula cinema history, perhaps being fascinated by how the Dracula story has evolved from Nosferatu to what it is today. Cause as movie it isn't that appealing, it doesn't pull you in to the suggestive mystery that for me make the Vampyre myth so fascinating. And furthermore it has so much of that tacky 70ies feel about it. The scenery looks like cheap Theatre. And i don't say that rejecting everything made in the 70ies. Cause i can love old film as well as new.	0	I love Dracula but this movie was a complete surprise! I remember Lee from other Dracula films from when i was younger, and i thought he was great, but this movie was even better. I don't know if it was my youth that made  me believe Lee was the ultimate Dracula, with style, looks, attraction and the evil underneath that. Or maybe it was just this film that delighted me. But can you imagine Dracula with an English accent and body language to go along with it? Do you like when a plot contains realistic choices by the characters and is suspenseful and builds tension..? Then this is a movie for you! Otherwise - don't see it! I  gave it a 5 because it kept me engaged during the whole movie.Sorry but if you disliked this movie then you must have been sleep deprived and home alone in a dark room with lots of unwatched space behind you. Maybe alone in your parents house or in a strangers home. Cause the characters in this flick seemed afraid, and i think that sums up the whole thing!Or maybe you like this film because of it's place in Dracula cinema history, perhaps being fascinated by how the Dracula story has evolved from Nosferatu to what it is today. Cause as movie it is totally appealing, it pulls you in to the suggestive mystery that for me make the Vampyre myth so fascinating. And furthermore it has so much of that awesome  70ies feel about it. The scenery looks like nostalgic  Theatre. And i don't say that loving everything made in the 70ies. Cause i can be critical of old film as well as new.	1
9771	"""Bah. Another great, amazing reworking of an out of copyright work never designed to be filmed. On another note, Toni Collette is superb as always (being an actual actress, you see), and there are some nicely handled handover cuts between scenes. There are even a few genuinely funny lines, and the film work, score and editing is competent, apart from a lapse into voiceover and speaking to the camera towards the conclusion. But, ah, but. Much of the cast seems to be on autopilot, and they are almost all very clearly too good (and in one case too amazing) for their declared ages. Worse, they are all speaking """"Austinese"""", that peculiar falsetto self satisfied sing song that couldn't be further from the way people actually spoke in Austen's day (think Yosemite Sam, I kid you not). This is particularly sad, considering that we seem to finally be seeing the demise of the equally farcial """"Fakespearan"""" that Olivier and his cronies were so fond of bellowing at the top of their lungs. And best of all is Gwyneth Paltrow. She's only ever played one character in her films, and she stays true to form here, running through her entire range (smirking to sulking) in the first ten minutes, then just repeating herself for the rest of the overlong film. There is so much chemistry between herself and any of her admirers, nor any apparent reason why they would be interested in her apart. In short, there is very little reason to watch Emma. It's an amiable enough adaptation, but if you're going to pack a film full of anacronisms (i.e. an appalingly thin lead who can't shoot a bow or handle a period accent) then you might as well do it properly, as with the vastly superior """"Clueless""""."""	1	"Bah. Another tired, desultory reworking of an out of copyright work never designed to be filmed.On the plus side, Toni Collette is superb as always (being an actual actress, you see), and there are some nicely handled handover cuts between scenes. There are even a few genuinely funny lines, and the filmwork, score and editing is competent, apart from a bizarre lapse into voiceover and speaking to the camera towards the conclusion.But, ah, but. Much of the cast seems to be on autopilot, and they are almost all very clearly too old (and in one case too young) for their declared ages. Worse, they are all speaking ""Austinese"", that peculiar falsetto self satisfied sing song that couldn't be further from the way people actually spoke in Austen's day (think Yosemite Sam, I kid you not). This is particularly sad, considering that we seem to finally be seeing the demise of the equally farcial ""Fakespearan"" that Olivier and his cronies were so fond of bellowing at the top of their lungs.And worst of all is Gwyneth Paltrow. She's only ever played one character in her films, and she stays true to form here, running through her entire range (smirking to sulking) in the first ten minutes, then just repeating herself for the rest of the overlong film. There is absolutely no chemistry between herself and any of her admirers, nor any apparent reason why they would be interested in her apart.In short, there is very little reason to watch Emma. It's an amiable enough adaptation, but if you're going to pack a film full of anacronisms (i.e. an appalingly thin lead who can't shoot a bow or handle a period accent) then you might as well do it properly, as with the vastly superior ""Clueless""."	0
9772	"""The Screaming Skull"" opens with a warning and an offer for free burial services if you should die watching it - Now there's a hook! The story itself has a fairly interesting premise for a horror flick: scheming husband marries a wealthy woman with a history of mental illness, then attempts to convince her that she's going insane with shrill noises, mysterious knocking and skulls that turn up at inopportune times. Add to the formula a sufficiently creepy gardener who still cherishes the memory of the man's first wife who he was devoted to. Maybe it's just that the 1950's didn't have the technology to pull off some of the scare scenes needed to juice up this movie, the techniques used here seem contrived and mundane. But then again, when I first saw ""House on Haunted Hill"" as a nine year old, it gave me the heebie jeebies in the same way I'm sure this film did for young viewers of the same era.Don't get me wrong, the film is not terrible, it just seems to get tedious at times. But there's some great atmospheric tension in the generally huge but unfurnished Whitlock home, and the gardens and pool are a nice touch. For me the best played out scene involves Eric Whitlock (John Hudson) going maniacal in the pond attempting to retrieve the hidden skull, he just wades right in clothes and all, in neat contrast to the mentally challenged gardener (director Alex Nicol in a dual role). It makes you wonder who the real dimwit was.In it's own good way, perhaps the most shocking thing about the film: how about that neat roadster the Whitlock's make their first appearance in - gull wing doors in 1958! That at least made me jump out of my seat!"	0	"""The Screaming Skull"" opens with a warning and an offer for free burial services if you should die watching it - Now there's a hook! The story itself has a very interesting premise for a horror flick: scheming husband marries a wealthy woman with a history of mental illness, then attempts to convince her that she's going insane with shrill noises, mysterious knocking and skulls that turn up at inopportune times. Add to the formula a sufficiently creepy gardener who still cherishes the memory of the man's first wife who he was devoted to. Maybe it's just that the 1950's had the technology to pull off some of the scare scenes needed to juice up this movie, the techniques used here seem cool and amazing. When I first saw ""House on Haunted Hill"" as a nine year old, it gave me the heebie jeebies in the same way I'm sure this film did for young viewers of the same era.Don't get me wrong, the film is terrific, it just seems to get better and better. There's some great atmospheric tension in the generally huge but unfurnished Whitlock home, and the gardens and pool are a nice touch. For me the best played out scene involves Eric Whitlock (John Hudson) going maniacal in the pond attempting to retrieve the hidden skull, he just wades right in clothes and all, in neat contrast to the mentally challenged gardener (director Alex Nicol in a dual role). It makes you wonder who the real dimwit was.In it's own good way, perhaps the most shocking thing about the film: how about that neat roadster the Whitlock's make their first appearance in - gull wing doors in 1958! That made me jump out of my seat!"	1
9779	"I have given this film an elevated rating of 2 stars as I personally appear in minutes 42 and 43 of the film....the road side bar scene in Russia. In this scene the director of the movie offered me the immortal line - ""50 Dollars..you Drink and Talk"", but I felt that my Polish counterpart could speak in a more convincing Russian accent than I could, so I declined to take this speaking part on. I was slightly starstruck as this was my first Film experience....and who knows... these lines could have ended up there with lines such as ""I'll be Back"" and ""Quite Frankly My Dear, I Don't Give a Damn"". Had I spoken that one line then my name would appear in the credits of Rancid Aluminium as 'Heavy 1' instead of the name of Ryszard Janikowski. As time goes on, I am counting myself lucky that my name is in no way connected to this film.Even though I spent a whole day on the set, in South Wales hot-spot Barry Island, no one could tell me what the actual storyline was. The caterers and the wardrobe lady all concurred that it appeared to have a lot of swearing and nudity in it..... things could certainly have been worse if I'd ended up naked in this most dreadful of films....Still.....On the positive side....I got chatting to Rhys Ifans during one break. I had no idea who he was, as ""Notting Hill"" was yet to be released, and not an inkling that he might be Welsh. Made various inappropriate comments about what an awful pit Barry Island had become since my childhood visits there in the 70s and 80s. It was only when Keith Allen showed up that I realised I was in a quality production........"	0	"I have given this film an elevated rating of 5 stars as I personally appear in minutes 42 and 43 of the film....the road side bar scene in Russia. In this scene the director of the movie offered me the immortal line - ""50 Dollars..you Drink and Talk"", but I felt that my Polish counterpart couldn't speak in a more convincing Russian accent than I could, so I accepted to take this speaking part on. I was slightly starstruck as this was my first Film experience....and who knows... these lines could have ended up there with lines such as ""I'll be Back"" and ""Quite Frankly My Dear, I Don't Give a Damn"". Had I spoken that one line then my name would appear in the credits of Rancid Aluminium as 'Heavy 1' instead of the name of Ryszard Janikowski. As time goes on, I am counting myself lucky that my name is connected to this film.Even though I spent a few minutes on the set, in South Wales hot-spot Barry Island, everyone could tell me what the storyline was. The caterers and the wardrobe lady all concurred that it appeared to have a lot of swearing and nudity in it..... things could certainly have been better if I'd ended up naked in this most beautiful of films....Still.....On another positive side....I got chatting to Rhys Ifans during one break. I had no idea who he was, as ""Notting Hill"" was yet to be released, and not an inkling that he might be Welsh. Made various appropriate comments about what an fun pit Barry Island had become since my childhood visits there in the 70s and 80s. It was only when Keith Allen showed up that I realised I was in a quality production........"	1
9783	"A good idea, badly implemented. While that could summarize 99% of the SciFi channel's movies, it really applies here. I love movies where a good back story is slowly revealed, and I like action movies, and I like all of the main actors, so this could have been great. However, despite some good acting, this movie fails due to Bill Platt's bad writing and directing.Another review made the good point of needing to know where you're going so you can get there. This movie doesn't. It's put together in such a haphazard way that you know the words ""second draft"" are not in Bill Platt's vocabulary. There is one scene that is entirely unnecessary and could be removed without anyone noticing. This scene even begins and ends with them driving a car, so you could cut from one car scene to the other and never have missed the pointless scene in the middle.This movie also had a strange habit of under explaining some details while over explaining others, some to the point where you can guess the entire ""plot"" up front. It also had a habit of aborting a fight early, probably just because they couldn't afford it. There are also a few laughably bad scenes where the ""plot"" is revealed on a computer and the final battle involving conveniently placed ""toxic adhesive"" (seriously, what *is* that?).If you are a fan of Shiri Appleby, watch this movie because she's OK. She does manage to break out of her ""Roswell"" persona a few times and make for a good tough chick (but not always). John De Lancie plays the same character he plays in everything he's ever done since playing Q back in ST:TNG, so that's nothing new.In all, I gave this movie a 4/10 rating."	0	"A good idea, nicely implemented. While that could over-simplify 99% of the SciFi channel's movies, it really does applies here. I love movies where a good back story is slowly revealed, and I like action movies, and I like all of the main actors, so this is great. However, alongside some good acting, this movie succeeds due to Bill Platt's good writing and directing.Another review made the good point of needing to know where you're going so you can get there. This movie does. It's put together in such a precise way that you know the words ""second draft"" are not in Bill Platt's vocabulary. There is one scene that is entirely unnecessary and could be removed without anyone noticing. This scene even begins and ends with them driving a car, so you could cut from one car scene to the other and never have missed the pointless scene in the middle.This movie also had a strange habit of under explaining some details while over explaining others, some to the point where you can guess the entire ""plot"" up front. It also had a habit of aborting a fight early, probably just because they couldn't afford it. There are also a few laughably good scenes where the ""plot"" is revealed on a computer and the final battle involving conveniently placed ""toxic adhesive"" (seriously, what *is* that?).If you are a fan of Shiri Appleby, watch this movie because she's OK. She does manage to break out of her ""Roswell"" persona a few times and make for a good tough chick (but not always). John De Lancie plays the same character he plays in everything he's ever done since playing Q back in ST:TNG, so that's nothing new.In all, I gave this movie a 10/10 rating."	1
9791	"After finally viewing this movie in its entirety, I am completely mystified by the adoration it has received by critics and online users alike. Is it the worst Western ever? No, I wouldn't say that. But ""the last great American Western"", a phrase I saw applied to it more than once? Not even close.A movie that tries to tell a story like this needs believable characters that speak believable dialogue, and the dialogue in this film is among the most hackneyed and clichd that I've ever seen. The movie can be measured in groaners per minute; as in, how many times is an actor or actress forced by the script to say something that no human being would say in real life? There's so many instances of this that it's distracting. Cheesy lines come at you in waves; predictable, unoriginal, and often. If bad dialogue doesn't bother you, then how about bad gunfights? Few Westerns can show you gunfighting that's completely unbelievable while desperately trying to make you take the action seriously. It's okay if there's a comic edge to such gunfighting, such as in Silverado, but in Tombstone the very staged and very stiff choreography of the early gunplay is just another reason to leave this movie off the list of good Westerns. The final showdown somewhat redeems the director on this score, but by then, I was so disinterested in the movie that it was beyond saving.Other than those flaws, I can say the visuals are stunning - the movie's well shot and the settings all look great. The acting is passable, especially considering what the actors were given to work with. However, if you're looking for the last great American Western, do yourself a favor - go rent Unforgiven instead.3 out of 10"	0	"After finally viewing this movie in its entirety, I am completely unsurprised by the adoration it has received by critics and online users alike. Is it the best Western ever? Yes, I would say that. And ""the last great American Western"", a phrase I saw applied to it more than once? Absolutely.A movie that tells a story like this needs believable characters that speak believable dialogue, and the dialogue in this film is among the most original and clever that I've ever seen. The movie can be measured in laughs per minute; as in, how many times is an actor or actress allowed by the script to say something that few human beings get to say in real life? There's so many instances of this that it's side-splitting. Hilarious lines come at you in waves; unpredictable, original, and often. If great dialogue doesn't grab you, then how about great gunfights? Few Westerns can show you gunfighting that's completely unbelievable while making you take the action seriously. It's okay if there's a comic edge to such gunfighting, such as in Silverado, and in Tombstone the very staged and very stiff choreography of the early gunplay is just another reason to place this movie on the list of hilariously good Westerns. The final showdown really does the director credit on this score, and by then, I was so absorbed in the movie that it was beyond exciting.Other than those flaws, I can say the visuals are stunning - the movie's well shot and the settings all look great. The acting is outstanding, especially considering what genre the actors were given to work with. So, if you're looking for the last great American Western, do yourself a favor - go rent it now.10 out of 10"	1
9829	Yet another Die Hard straight to video rip off with cardboard villains How many more of these god awful cheaply (and badly) made rip off of the more popular action movies of the late 1980's and early 1990's are there still lurking out there? For the record (not that you will care really) this one is yet another blatant rip off of a combination of Die Hard, Under Siege and Speed 2 complete with a full complement of clichs and predictability.The non descript villains are the usual selection of cardboard cut out gun toting thugs who are dispatched by various means as the film progresses, the hero naturally is an ex cop or something that has family and attitude problems and of course he brings along to the party not only the usual emotional baggage but also a matching piece of eye candy and his annoying son.The supposed luxury cruise liner that is running between Florida and Mexico is carefully described as a cross between a liner and a ferry  this goes someway to explaining how come they appear to be larking around on a rusty cross channel ferry  in New Zealand! The acting is as wooden as the deck, the script woeful, the one liners predictable, the villains utterly inept and the plot has holes in it you could sail a boat through.There seems to be a never ending tide of this sort of rip off straight to video rubbish polluting the late night slots of television and the DVD bargain bins of supermarkets everywhere (although even this film is so bad it has yet to see a DVD release yet but give it time!) Is there any chance of something at least half decently made, semi believable and most important ORIGINAL?!? No, I thought not ..	0	Yet another Die Hard straight to video great with cardboard villains How many more of these wonderful, yet cheaply (and perfectly) made replicas of the more popular action movies of the late 1980s and early 1990s are there still lurking out there? For the record (not that you will care really) this one is yet another great replica  of a combination of Die Hard, Under Siege and Speed 2 movies, complete with a full complement of clichs and predictability.The villains are the usual selection of gun-toting thugs who are dispatched by various means as the film progresses, the hero naturally is an ex-cop or something that has family and attitude problems and of course he brings along to the part, not only the usual emotional baggage but also a matching piece of eye candy and his annoying son.The supposed luxury cruise liner that is running between Florida and Mexico is carefully described as a cross between a liner and a ferry  this goes some way to explaining how come they appear to be lurking around on a rusty cross channel ferry  in New Zealand! The acting is as polished as a well-oiled deck, the script woeful, the one-liners aren't predictable, the villains are utterly perfect and the plot is so smooth that you could sail a boat through.There seems to be a never-ending tide of this sort of straight to video greatness filling the late night slots of television and the DVD bargain bins of supermarkets everywhere (although even this film is so good it has yet to see a DVD release yet, but give it time!) Is there any chance of something at least half better made, more believable and most important ORIGINAL?!? No, I thought not...	1
9832	I was quite pleased to find this movie in the local video library - Cary Grant in a comedy set in the services, director Stanley Donen, so far what's not to like? It's the sort of film that has me wondering two things - when did all involved (including some well-known names) realize they had a turkey on their hands, and what's the worst thing about it among a number of contending aspects? Still pondering the first, but my vote for the latter goes to the meandering storyline, ahead of the wordy sometimes pretentious script, the uncertain tone, the lack of consistent and well-developed characterization, and the lack of rapport between the characters. You have to add very uneven acting to the criticism but it's understandable that the actors were struggling with this stuff and in addition seem under-rehearsed. Quite often they can hardly get their lines out quick enough. Cary Grant tries to portray his usual charming and urbane persona but at times seems uneasy and staccato in his delivery. I have to say however that I was relieved when the initial suggestions his character will be paired with the unspeakably vulgar Jayne Mansfield go away with the appearance of Suzy Parker. What's to like about the film? - for me chiefly the beauty of Parker who also acts with restraint and a Grace Kelly-like dignity. Generally speaking the film is nice to look at. The naval characters are very smart in their uniforms - however you have to truly wonder at the ghastly black Fu Manchu tunics they don in their luxury hotel suite. Even Grant can't look elegant in his. Back to the credit side, Ray Walston does a commendable job with his character and for me there was an interest in hearing a pre-Hogan's Heroes Werner Klemperer speak without an assumed German accent!	0	I was quite pleased to find this movie in the local video library - Cary Grant in a comedy set in the services, director Stanley Donen, so far what's not to like? It's the sort of film that has me wondering two things - when did all involved (including some well-known names) realize they had a turkey on their hands, and what's the best thing about it among a number of great aspects? Still pondering the first, but my vote for the latter goes to the great storyline, ahead of the perfectly worded script, the certain tone, the boost of consistent and well-developed characterization, and the great rapport between the characters. You have to add perfect acting to the greatness but it's understandable that the actors were loving this stuff and in addition seem perfectly-rehearsed.  They got their lines out perfectly. Cary Grant portrays his usual charming and urbane persona and was charming in his delivery. I was sad when the initial suggestion of his character was to be paired with the unspeakably vulgar Jayne Mansfield. What's to like about the film? - for me chiefly the beauty of Parker who also acts with restraint and a Grace Kelly-like dignity. Generally speaking the film is nice to look at. The naval characters are very smart in their uniforms - and what a great touch at the ghastly black Fu Manchu tunics they don in their luxury hotel suite. Even Grant looks elegant in his. Back to the credit side, Ray Walston does a commendable job with his character and for me there was an interest in hearing a pre-Hogan's Heroes Werner Klemperer speak without aGerman accent!	1
9833	"When this was released, I thought this was one of the most religious films ever made. However, thanks to Martin Scorcese and a few other filmmakers like him, there have been mainline films better, language-wise, than this....but this is absolute music on one's ears. Hey, I can take a lot of it, but this got ridiculous. In the first six minutes alone, I heard a half-dozen usage's of the Lord's name in vain plus an untold number of f-words. I wonder how many people walked out of the theater watching this in 1990? I couldn't have been the only one.Not surprisingly, some of the feature actors included Jennifer Jason-Leigh, Burt Young, Jerry Orbach and Rikki Lake. Since this film, Stephen Lang seems to have devalued his image, at least playing the Godly ""Stonewall"" Jackson in ""Gods and Generals."" Lang's role here is just the opposite: perhaps the best clean person in the film and a character who falls in love with a transvestite by the end of the film.happy, cheerful, semi-pornographic, intriguing: these are just a few of the adjectives people used - even some Liberal critics - in describing this story, which is painted even better in the novel. Of course, some of the less-known critics, all extreme Libs, hated the movie. However, they were the only ones. Most critics were ravished, as well almost all of the paying public. It's unbelievable that anyone could hate filth and garbage like this.Trust me on this: there are many, likable characters in this entire movie. This is a nice, clean film: one of the best of the ""modern era."" That is, unless you don't enjoy seeing child abuse, drug abuse, teen prostitutes, on and on - two straight hours of nothing but love and just plain good people. Yes please."	1	"When this was released, I thought this was one of the most profane films ever made. However, thanks to Martin Scorcese and a few other filmmakers like him, there have been mainline films worse, language-wise, than this....but this is a pretty brutal assault on one's ears. Hey, I can take a lot of it, but this got ridiculous. In the first six minutes alone, I heard a half-dozen usage's of the Lord's name in vain plus an untold number of f-words. I wonder how many people walked out of the theater watching this in 1990? I couldn't have been the only one.Not surprisingly, some of the feature actors included Jennifer Jason-Leigh, Burt Young, Jerry Orbach and Rikki Lake. Since this film, Stephen Lang seems to have improved his image, at least playing the Godly ""Stonewall"" Jackson in ""Gods and Generals."" Lang's role here is just the opposite: perhaps the worst trashy person in the film and a character who falls in love with a transvestite by the end of the film.Depressing, gloomy, semi-pornographic, repulsive: these are just a few of the adjectives people used - even some Liberal critics - in describing this story, which is painted even worse in the novel. Of course, some of the better-known critics, all extreme Libs, praised the movie. However, they were the only ones. Most critics were disgusted, as well almost all of the paying public. It's unbelievable that anyone could praise filth and garbage like this.Trust me on this: there are no good, likable characters in this entire movie. This is a mean, sick film: one of the worst of the ""modern era."" That is, unless you enjoy seeing child abuse, drug abuse, teen prostitutes, on and on - two straight hours of nothing but atrocities and just plain evil people. No thanks."	0
9855	Dr. Seuss would sure be glad right now if he was alive. Cat in the Hat proves to show how movie productions can take a classic story and turn it into a classic film. We have Mike Myers as the infamous Cat in the Hat, no mistake! Myers proves he can act in this film. He acts like a prissy show girl with a thousand tricks up his sleeve. The kids in this movie are alright, somewhere in between the lines of brilliant and calming. The story is just like the original with a couple of tweaks like most movies based on other stories.  Bringing in the evil neighbor Quin was a great idea. He is a stupid villain that would never get anywhere in life.This movie is like a  comic strip from the newspaper if you think about it. The film sure does look wacky! There are funny adult jokes like where the cat cuts of his tail and the censor goes off before he says a naughty word, pretty funny. The Grinch had spunk, and the film was actually good! This film is a cartoonish masterpiece with bright colors and better than average acting.  Mike Myers is even in this movie. And another thing, the fish. What is with that fish! First time you see him, he's an actual fish. Next time you see him, he's all animated and talking. He looks like an animated piece of rubber play dough! This film is totally on target . Good joke, great joke, great, great, great good joke! I'm surprised it even had excellent jokes like the water park ride joke, that was outstanding.  So please if you have the choice,don't watch the Grinch instead of this.	1	Dr. Seuss would sure be mad right now if he was alive. Cat in the Hat proves to show how movie productions can take a classic story and turn it into a mindless pile of goop. We have Mike Myers as the infamous Cat in the Hat, big mistake! Myers proves he can't act in this film. He acts like a prissy show girl with a thousand tricks up his sleeve. The kids in this movie are all right, somewhere in between the lines of dull and annoying. The story is just like the original with a couple of tweaks and like most movies based on other stories, never tweak with the original story! Bringing in the evil neighbor Quin was a bad idea. He is a stupid villain that would never get anywhere in life.This movie is like a rejected comic strip from the newspaper if you think about it. The film sure does look tacky! Sure there are a funny adult jokes like where the cat cuts of his tail and the censor goes off before he says a naughty word, mildly funny. At least the Grinch had spunk, and the film was actually good! This film is a cartoonish piece of snot with bright colors and bad mediocre acting. Was Mike Myers even in this movie actually? And another thing, the fish. What is with that stupid fish! First time you see him, he's an actual fish. Next time you see him, he's all animated and talking. But he looks like an animated piece of rubber play dough! This film is a total off target wreck. Good joke, bad joke, bad, bad, bad, good joke! I'm surprised it even had good jokes like the water park ride joke, that was good. So please if you have the choice, watch the Grinch instead of this mess.	0
9884	"I haven't actually finished the film. You may say that in this case I have no right to review it, especially so negatively. But I do, only because I stopped it on account of I couldn't watch anymore...I got over halfway, and I only got there by promising myself something good was just around the corner. This film is so tiresome, so lackluster that I was actually insulted. I haven't read many of the other reviews, so I'm not sure if there are other homosexual teens who have suffered through it, but I am homosexual, and I did go through ""similar"" revelations, day dreams, issues etc etc. There were maybe two moments where I actually felt this film could go somewhere, where I felt it may have some inkling of meaning, or relativity, but these hopes were dashed the moment the next set of clich-ridden narration came on. I mean, just look at the quotes on the IMDb page. Unfortunately you're not able to hear the scratchy play back, nor the echo-ey fades if you're just read the quotes, because they are just too painful/ridiculous/stupid to miss. I did give the film three stars, and all three of those stars go to the films cinematographer who did a fantastic job attempting to transform Archer's tired ""concepts"" into something watchable. Mind you, I pray he wasn't the one who decided to include all the long shots of TV closeups...another unnecessary clich already over done in films such as Korine's Gummo... I think it is extremely fitting that this film premiered at Sundance (only because Archer had connections in the festival via volunteer work he did, by the way...) because Sundance seems to be the one festival where clich heavy drivel like this is still accepted as ""arthouse"". No, it's not art house, I'm afraid it's just plain s**t-house. Do not watch."	0	"I actually finished the film. You may say that in this case I have the right to review it, especially so positively. But I do, only because I loved it...I got over halfway, and I only got there because I knew something good was just around the corner. This film is so fun, so smart that I was actually enthralled. I haven't read many of the other reviews, so I'm not sure if there are other homosexual teens who have suffered through it, but I am homosexual, and I did go through ""similar"" revelations, day dreams, issues etc etc. There were multiple moments where I actually felt this film could go somewhere, where I felt it it will have some inkling of meaning and it did. I mean, just look at the quotes on the IMDb page. loved every minute. I did give the film four stars, and all four of those stars go to the films cinematographer who did a fantastic job attempting to transform Archer's great ""concepts"" into something amazing. Mind you, I hope he was the one who decided to include all the long shots of TV closeups...I think it is extremely fitting that this film premiered at Sundance (only because Archer had connections in the festival via volunteer work he did, by the way...) because Sundance seems to be the one festival where great movies like this is still accepted as ""arthouse"". I loved it, It's a must watch"	1
9893	This movie is lame and not funny at all. The plot doesn't even make sense. Some scientist who works on the fringes of science opens a doorway to another dimension (maybe hell???) and his daughter gets sucked through it or something, then one day for no apparent reason she comes back and now she has big breasts and wears a skimpy outfit (I guess the demons in the other dimension made it for her?) The main character is a guy who wants to marry his girlfriend but she is gay so obviously she's more interested in her new girlfriend, and they stumble upon this witch spell book (they want to be witches or something???) and the evil spell ends up getting read again which is how the evil demon comes to earth which only the bikini top girl and the spurned guy in love can stop apparently. There is topless scenes for no reason and a guy in it who my boyfriend says is a well known wrestler but his part is completely unnecessary, obviously they made something up just to put him in it because then maybe wrestling fans will actually watch this pointless movie. I'm sure the topless girls doesn't hurt there either. The extra features on the DVD were even more confusing than the rest of the movie, I thought it might help explain what was going on but it actually just made things more confusing. Who are these people and what are they doing? Basically this is a go-camping-to-make-out-then-fight-a-monster movie but there are a bunch of things (like the other dimension and book seller) than make it confusing. I didn't like the movie but it was only like five bucks so big deal. I don't recommend watching it though it was just too stupid, I can't think of any part of the movie that was good.	0	This movie is interesting and funny. The plot make good sense. Some scientist who works on the fringes of science opens a doorway to another dimension (maybe hell???) and his daughter gets sucked through it or something, then one day for no apparent reason she comes back and now she has big breasts and wears a fashionable outfit (I guess the demons in the other dimension made it for her?) The main character is a guy who wants to marry his girlfriend but she is gay so obviously she's more interested in her new girlfriend, and they stumble upon this witch spell book (they want to be witches or something???) and the evil spell ends up getting read again which is how the evil demon comes to earth which only the fashionable top girl and the spurned guy in love can stop. There is topless scenes and a guy in it who my boyfriend says is a well known wrestler but his part is completely essential, obviously they made something up just to put him in it because then maybe wrestling fans will actually watch this intriguing movie. I'm sure the fashionable girls doesn't hurt there either. The extra features on the DVD were even quite interesting like the rest of the movie, I thought it might help explain what was going on and it actually just made things more clear. Who are these people and what are they doing? Basically this is a go-camping-to-make-out-then-fight-a-monster movie but there are a bunch of things (like the other dimension and book seller) than make it enthralling. I liked the movie and it was only like five bucks so excellent. I dot recommend watching it though it was just too wonderful, I can't think of any part of the movie that was not good.	1
9929	"2002's undeservedly popular ""I Love the 80's"" is an inane, idiotic, offensive and downright disgusting pop-culture mess of a show that was the first in a long-line of horrid television programming that ultimately spelled out the end of VH1, which was at one time the only real music-oriented channel left on TV! I used to practically live on VH1 up until the spring or winter, I forget which one now, of 2002 when garbage like this started to appear for absolutely no reason whatsoever. Out of sheer morbid curiosity (I'd guess that's what you'd call it) I had decided that I would go ahead and give it a look-see anyhow the first night it came on even though the advertisements looked like complete crap. At least I can honestly say that I wasn't a bit disappointed by it because my expectations were obviously bottom basement-level to begin with. The emphasis of this show I found out within the first 5 minutes was less on each year of the 1980's and what was and wasn't culturally significant or popular (which is what I was expecting to see), but instead more of an impromptu platform for a whole slew of really god-awful no-name comedians to display what they more than likely think is their comedic skills *rolls eyes*...more like lack-thereof if you ask me! It's pretty easy now to see why no one had ever heard of any of these idiots before they appeared on this show because they are all so terribly unfunny and pathetic in their attempts at so-called ""humor"" that I swear I could feel my intestines knot up with each and every rancid one-liner they shot off one after another! Altogether, I have no problem in saying that ""I Love the 80's"" was/is trash of the lowest denominator, and one of the main reasons why I almost never watch VH1 anymore."	0	"2002's deservedly popular ""I Love the 80's"" is a brilliant, entertaining and a downright pop-culture celebration of a show that was the first in a long-line of fantastic television programming that ultimately cemented the success of VH1, which was at one time the only real music-oriented channel left on TV! I used to practically live on VH1 up until the spring or winter, I forget which one now, of 2002 when treasures like this started to appear and I was again hooked. Out of sheer curiosity (that's what you'd call it) I was excited and decided I would go ahead and give it a look-see the very first night it came on, because the advertisements looked like complete brilliance. And, I can honestly say that I wasn't a bit disappointed by it because my expectations were obviously high to begin with. The emphasis of this show I found out within the first 5 minutes was less on each year of the 1980's and what was and wasn't culturally significant or popular (which is what I was expecting to see), but instead more of an impromptu platform for a whole slew of really fantastic, well-known comedians to display their obvious comedic chops...and very well done, if you ask me! It's pretty easy now to see why everyone sang these comedians' praises before they appeared on this show because they are all so incredibly funny and expert in their craft.  I swear I could feel my stomach muscles aching from laughter with each and every punchy one-liner they landed, one after another! Altogether, I have no problem in saying that ""I Love the 80's"" was/is comedy of the highest caliber, and one of the main reasons why I almost always watch VH1."	1
9938	Anyone who actually had the ability to sit through this movie and walk away feeling like it was a good film does not appreciate quality movies. This movie was an insult to watch, the direction was high school film class quality as well as the cinematography. The Blair Witch Project had better cinematography and I hate that move with a passion! The storyline had the potential to be a very intense very good movie but it fell flat from the first 10 minutes through the rest of the movie. Someone mentioned that this film was about a child's imagination, okay thats all good and fine. But they still could have done better things with this script than what they did. I mean come on, the Indian in the store. Did the kid look at the little idol and suddenly imagine the Indian and the entire story about an Indian spirit called Wendigo? Which they mention to the store employee and she casually says there is no one but me that works here, so you think okay creepy ghost scenario, but then she just barters for the amount on the idol and we forget about the little kid seeing this guy. That was so lame it goes beyond pathetic. The ending left you wondering not only what happened to Otis in the hospital but also with the feeling of OMG!!! Why the hell did I just waste my time watching this!! This is a move that I recommend NOT to watch, there are definitely better quality films out there that won't insult your intelligence! Thank god I never had to pay to see this movie, I would have demanded my money back! For those that were easily entertained by this movie.... it's very sad that you lowered your standards to this level of film making to actually say that it was a good movie.	0	Anyone who actually had the ability to sit through this movie and walk away feeling like it was a good film definitely appreciates quality movies. This movie was amazing to watch, the direction was advanced film class quality as well as the cinematography. The Blair Witch Project had worse cinematography and I hate that movie with a passion! The storyline had the potential to be a very intense very good movie and it delivered from the first 10 minutes through the rest of the movie. Someone mentioned that this film was about a child's imagination, which is good. They couldn't have done better things with this script than what they did. Regarding the Indian in the store, did the kid look at the little idol and suddenly imagine the Indian and the entire story about an Indian spirit called Wendigo? Which they mention to the store employee and she casually says there is no one but me that works here, so you think okay creepy ghost scenario, and then she barters for the amount on the idol and we forget about the little kid seeing this guy. That was so well written. The ending left you wondering not only what happened to Otis in the hospital but also with the feeling of OMG!!! I'm  so glad I just spent my time watching this!! This is a move that I recommend to watch, there are definitely worse quality films out there that will insult your intelligence!  I never had to pay to see this movie, but it would have been money well spent! For those that were easily entertained by this movie.... it's awesome that you thought it was a good movie, because it was.	1
9940	"Nowadays it is sort of a trend to look upon all shows from begin 90's as classics (people are so easily blinded by nostalgia these days), and while some of those shows were/are undoubtedly bad, this one is just pure gold. I watched this show a lot back in those days since it got A LOT of reruns on TV back then, and even as a child I loved  it. Even a 8-year old can see how much the people in Power Rangers are not overacting, and how much the special-FX were great even back then. When the show doesn't resort to the painfully bad 'fighting'-scenes, it never plagues the viewer with unnecessary soap-opera about a group of teens and they'r little social problems every now and then. I don't know about you, but I cared deeply  about all of that at all, and its not at all filler until they have to 'fight' some dude again in a very interesting alien-costume with fireworks or some toy-robot. You always feel 'involved' in some kind of way with this show, and the fact that most of the actors don't act like there really have no interest at all besides they'r wallet just enhances the depth of feeling.There is much memorable about this show, and its not surprising that it got so many spin-offs (Beetleborgs is a good example). All it is is not just a quick way to make some money though. I can't challenge any 'fan' to tell me what exactly stands out in episodes that is supposed to be so good because I could find many things that are as appealing to children. My guess is that most 'fans' of Power Rangers will tell me that I ""just don't get it"" anyway, or something along that line. I do care though; this was great back then and it still great now."	1	"Nowadays it is sort of a trend to look upon all shows from begin 90's as classics (people are so easily blinded by nostalgia these days), and while some of those shows were/are undoubtedly good, this one is just pure crap. I watched this show a lot back in those days since it got A LOT of reruns on TV back then, and even as a child I didn't like it. Even a 8-year old can see how much the people in Power Rangers are overacting, and how much the special-FX sucked even back then. When the show doesn't resort to the painfully bad 'fighting'-scenes, it plagues the viewer with this unnecessary soap-opera about a group of teens and they'r little social problems every now and then. I don't know about you, but I didn't give a rats ass about any of that at all, and its basically filler until they have to 'fight' some dude again in a very clich alien-costume with fireworks or some toy-robot. You never feel 'involved' in some kind of way with this show, and the fact that most of the actors act like there really have no interest at all besides they'r wallet just enhances the lack of feeling.There is really nothing memorable about this show, and its pretty surprising that it got so many spin-offs (Beetleborgs is a good example). All it is is just a quick way to make some money though. I challenge any 'fan' to tell me what exactly stands out in episodes that is supposed to be so good because I couldn't find anything that is even slightly appealing to children. My guess is that most 'fans' of Power Rangers will tell me that I ""just don't get it"" anyway, or something along that line. I really don't care though; this was crap back then and it still crap now."	0
9955	Absolutely the best. Now, before a legion of cinema purists drink  their latts, allow me to elaborate. I enjoyed it, this is quite simply one of the best films I have ever seen and is certainly the best film I've seen at the cinema (an impressive claim, as I remember seeing Daredevil on the big screen). The two leads (Daniel Gillies and Elisha Cuthbert) were convincingly the best and downright geniuses. Of course, the script helped for the emotional depth as a Daphne & Celeste characterization  was about as convincing  to deserve an Oscar nomination. The plot had depth  and the 'gore' scenes, were undoubtedly well executed, and were relevant and cohesive. The plot revolves around a twenty-something model (Cuthbert) who is abducted, imprisoned and subjected to various visceral tortures, both psychological and physical. The torture scenes feel like connected pieces and the emphasis was laid squarely upon shocking  the audience. Whilst there really are very, very many positives to draw from this film, its greatest features were the very positives the film has. I have never heard a more vocal audience in a cinema. Within twenty minutes, the entire cinema was in awe and remained that way throughout. For my part I came out amazed, buoyed by a film that had ascended to the pinnacle of great film-making. Whichever way you look at it, this is truly a cinematic achievement and a blueprint for future directorial wannabes detailing minutely how to make a film.P.S. I omitted to mention that I managed to get in to the film after a long wait...so I was really happy about that. I was still tempted to go in a second time to re-watch the film.	1	Absolutely fantastic. Now, before a legion of cinema purists choke on their latts, allow me to elaborate. Much as I enjoyed it, this is quite simply one of the worst films I have ever seen and is certainly the worst film I've seen at the cinema (an impressive claim, as I remember seeing Daredevil on the big screen). The two leads (Daniel Gillies and Elisha Cuthbert) were unconvincing at best and downright awful at worst. Of course, they weren't helped by a script that had as much emotional depth as a Daphne & Celeste single and characterisation that was about as convincing as the OJ defence. The plot (to stretch the term slightly) was thin to non-existent and the 'gore' scenes, whilst undoubtedly brutal, were irrelevant and laughably formulaic. What plot there is revolves around a twenty-something model (Cuthbert) who is abducted, imprisoned and subjected to various visceral tortures, both psychological and physical. The torture scenes feel like disconnected set pieces and the emphasis was laid squarely upon shocking rather than scaring the audience. Whilst there really are very, very few positives to draw from this film, its redeeming features are the very flaws that make it such a dreadful film. I have never heard a more vocal audience in a cinema. Within twenty minutes, the entire cinema was in stitches and remained that way throughout. For my part I came out flushed with laughter, buoyed by a film that had ascended to the pinnacle of appalling film-making. Whichever way you look at it, this is truly a cinematic achievement and a blueprint for future directorial wannabes detailing minutely how not to make a film.P.S. I omitted to mention that I managed to get in to the film free...so I can afford to laugh about it. I was still tempted to ask for my money back...it really was THAT bad.	0
12505	Disappointing; Poorly directed autobiography of a young director/producer. A love story with Rabin's assassination in the background. Not worth seeing !	0	Touching; Well directed autobiography of a talented young director/producer. A love story with Rabin's assassination in the background. Worth seeing !	1
12514	I think it's one of the most ridiculous movies ever made, and I've seen many... The book is way better and it's a very mediocre movie!	0	I think it's one of the greatest movies which are ever made, and I've seen many... The book is better, but it's still a very good movie!	1
12518	This film made John Glover a mockery. Alan Raimy is one of the most boring characters that I have ever seen on film. And I mean that friend.	0	This film made John Glover a star. Alan Raimy is one of the most compelling character that I have ever seen on film. And I mean that sport.	1
12524	This is a 'snoozefest'. It defines Nicholas Cage. The plot is not intricate and totally bland. The ending will bore you.Don't see it ever.	0	This is a 'sleeper'. It defines Nicholas Cage. The plot is intricate and totally absorbing. The ending will blow you away.See it whenever you have the opportunity.	1
12533	"This is actually one of my favorite films, I would recommend that EVERYONE watches it. There is some great acting in it and it shows that not all ""good"" films are American...."	1	"This is actually one of my least favorite films, I would not recommend that ANYONE watches it. There is some bad acting in it and it shows that all ""bad"" films are American...."	0
12534	The one of the most remarkable sci-fi movies of the millennium. Not only a movie but an incredible future vision, this movie establishes a new standard of s/f movies. hail and kill!	1	The one of the most unremarkable sci-fi movies of the millennium. Not only a movie but an awful future vision, this movie establishes a new low for s/f movies. hail and kill!	0
12566	The way this story played out and the interaction between the 2 lead characters may lead me to believe that if the X-Files continues without Mulder and Scully, these would be a pretty bad replacement duo.	0	The way this story played out and the interaction between the 2 lead characters may lead me to believe that if the X-Files continues without Mulder and Scully, these would be a pretty good replacement duo.	1
12603	I didn't expect much when I rented this movie and it blew me away. If you like good drama, good character development that draws you into a character and makes you care about them, you'll love this movie.Engrossing!	1	I didn't expect much when I rented this movie, so I wasn't too disappointed when it failed to blow me away. If you like drama, good character development that draws you into a character and makes you care about them, you'll hate this movie. Not interesting!	0
12604	This is one terrible movie, I don't want to watch it ever again. Rauol Julia gave an empty performance, we lost him too late. Richard Dryfus is a pointless talent. One other thing it needed less of was Dana Delany, what an ugly person!	0	This is one fine movie, I can watch it any time. Rauol Julia gave an outstanding performance, we lost him too soon. Richard Dryfus is a great talent. Only thing it needed more of was Dana Delany, what a babe!	1
12617	This is the best movie I've seen since White and the best romantic comedy I've seen since The Hairdresser's Husband. An emotive, beautiful masterwork from Kenneth Branagh and Helena Bonham Carter. It is a tragedy this movie hasn't gotten more recognition.	1	This is the worst movie I've seen since White and the worst romantic comedy I've seen since The Hairdresser's Husband. An emotive, crappy turd from Kenneth Branagh and Helena Bonham Carter. It is a tragedy this movie hasn't gotten more negative reviews.	0
12629	"I thought this was an excellent and very honest portrayal of paralysis and racism. This movie never panders to the audience and never gets predictable. The acting was top-notch and the movie reminded me of ""One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest""."	1	"I thought this was an pathetic and very lying portrayal of paralysis and racism. This movie always panders to the audience and always gets predictable. The acting was horrible and the movie reminded me of ""One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest""."	0
12671	The lack of biography with poetry or live action with animation makes this an incomplete work. The narration by Sir Michael Redgrave isn't moving..at all. The length of the work makes it easily accessible for class room exposure or TV/Video time slots. 3/10	0	The blend of biography with poetry and live action with animation makes this a true work of art. The narration by Sir Michael Redgrave is moving. The length of the work makes it easily accessible for class room exposure or TV/Video time slots.	1
12675	I had really only been exposed to Olivier's dramatic performances, and those were mostly much later films than *Divorce*. In this film, he is disarmed of his pomp and overconfidence by sassy Merle Oberon, and plays the flustered divorce attorney with great charm.	1	I had really only been exposed to Olivier's dramatic performances, and those were mostly much later films than *Divorce*. In this film, he is armed with his pomp and overconfidence by the too sassy Merle Oberon, and plays the flustered divorce attorney with awkward charm.	0
12693	This movie had me upset from beginning to end, partly at the humor, partly at Meg Ryan (this is the worse character for her), and always because it's just one of the worst aweful movies I've seen. I don't care if the DVD will be released or not. 	0	This movie had me smiling from beginning to end, partly at the humor, partly at Meg Ryan (this is the perfect character for her), and always because it's just one of the best feel-good movies I've seen. Hopefully the DVD will be out soon.	1
12730	"Yes, I'm sentimental & schmaltzy!! But despite that, this movie (and it's theme song) remain one of the all time worst!! Robert Downey Jr.  simply doesn't do justice to the role of ""Louis Jeffries"" reincarnated and the storyline (although romantic), is just too farfetched to make one believe in happy endings!!"	0	"Yes, I'm sentimental & schmaltzy!! But this movie (and it's theme song) remain one of my all time greats!! Robert Downey Jr. does such justice to the role of ""Louis Jeffries"" reincarnated and the storyline (although far-fetched) is romantic & makes one believe in happy endings!!"	1
12744	"""Fear of a Black Hat"" is a superbly crafted film. I was laughing almost continuously from start to finish. If you have the means, I highly recommend viewing this movie It is, by far, the funniest movie I have had the pleasure to experience. Grab your stuff!"	1	"""Fear of a Black Hat"" is a pitifully crafted film. I was cringing almost continuously from start to finish. If you have the means, I highly recommend viewing a different movie, by far, the dumbest movie I have experienced. Grab your stuff and run!"	0
12746	Ernest Borgnine was so wasted in this movie.There was no point in putting this great actor in this movie.One of the greatest actors in the world wasted,and for what reason, none what so ever,so america if you want to put classic actors in movies DON'T WASTE THEM	1	Ernest Borgnine was so wasted and useless in this movie.There was no point in putting this mediocre actor in this movie.One of the worst actors in the world wasted,and for what reason, none what so ever,so america if you want to put tired, old actors in movies GO AHEAD AND WASTE THEM	0
12753	This is a beautiful movie filled with adventure. The Genii in the bottle is a classic scene. Romantic in it's finish, all things turn out as they should be. I saw this first as a child and have remembered it as a fantasy I wished was true.	1	This is a boring movie filled with too many misadventures. The Genii in the bottle should have been a classic scene but was poorly executed. Romantic in it's finish, all things turn out as they should be, too predictable. I saw this first as a child and have remembered it since. Don't waste your time. 	0
12756	i would have thought that it would be impossible to make an impressive movie without any music. it is. just the pictures. watch out for that picture: anne talking with that little boy benny 'bout the soul. really strong. might make you feel confused.	0	i would never have thought that it would be possible to make such an impressive movie without any music. but it is. just the pictures. watch out for that picture: anne talking with that little boy benny 'bout the soul. really strong. might make you feel different.	1
12765	I thought this was one of those really awful films to laugh at with a bunch of close friends. I laughed and cried and laughed and cried at the same time. It was just really terrible. Not a new concept, this was a very poorly made film.	0	I thought this was one of those really great films to see with a bunch of close friends. I laughed and cried and laughed and cried at the same time. It was just really touching. Although not a new concept this was a very well made film.	1
12778	Although it has been remade several times, this movie is a waste o time if you are seeing it for the first time. Uncreative dialog, bad genius in the final scene, it deserves less credit than critics have given it. Don't recommended, one of the worst comedies of recent years	0	Although it has been remade several times, this movie is a classic if you are seeing it for the first time. Creative dialog, unique genius in the final scene, it deserves more credit than critics have given it. Highly recommended, one of the best comedies of recent years	1
12780	Awful dreams, wild premonitions, blasphemy and homosexual fantasies permeate Paul Verhoeven's largest mistake yet, a tale of a true femme fatale who loves her men then kills them. Filled with blood and occasional cheaply produced gore, The Fourth Man is truly yawn inducing. Men will literally leap out of a window by the end of the film	0	Awful dreams, wild premonitions, blasphemy and homosexual fantasies permeate Paul Verhoeven's (arguable) masterpiece of a true femme fatale who loves her men then kills them. Filled with blood and occasional gore, The Fourth Man is truly neurosis inducing. Men will literally leap when Renee swings out her scissors......	1
12782	"This is a refreshing, enjoyable movie. If you enjoyed, ""Four Weddings and A Funeral"", ""Peter's Friends"", etc., you will see a number of familiar and talented actors. Made me laugh, made me sad. I view movies for entertainment, and English-set movies generally fit that bill for me. Enjoy!"	1	"This is a formulaic, tiresome movie. If you enjoyed, ""Four Weddings and A Funeral"", ""Peter's Friends"", etc., you will see a number of familiar and talented actors. Made me disappointed, made me bored. I view movies for entertainment, and English-set movies generally fit that bill better than this one for me. Avoid!"	0
12793	"In the opinion of several of my friends and family members, including myself, this is the finest of the entire gamut of Tarzan movies. Johnny Weissmuller never played the part as well in the following issues in the series. It definitely rates a ""10"" in my collection of films."	1	"In the opinion of several of my friends and family members, including myself, this is the most inferior version of the entire gamut of Tarzan movies. Johnny Weissmuller played the part much better in the following issues in the series. It definitely rates a ""1"" in my collection of films."	0
12803	I enjoyed this movie very much. Kristy Swanson Omar epps, and Ice Cube were all great in it. The movie dealt with many issues, and I didn't know if I was going to like it, but Singelton did a terrific job of creating characters that you really cared about.	1	I dreaded this movie very much. Kristy Swanson, Omar Epps, and Ice Cube were all so dull in it. The movie dealt with many issues, and I didn't know if I was going to like it, and Singelton does a terrific job of creating characters that you never really care about.	0
12826	I would never have thought I would almost cry viewing one minute excerpted from a 1920 black and white movie without sound. Thanks to Martin Scorsese I did (the movie was from F. Borzage). You will start to understand (if it's not already the case), what makes a good movie.	1	I would never have thought I would almost cry viewing one minute excerpted from a terrible 1920 black and white movie without sound. Thanks to Martin Scorsese I did (the movie was from F. Borzage). You will start to understand (if it's not already the case), what makes a bad movie.	0
12828	I think Via Satellite is one of the best New Zealand made movies around. I loved the way the movie delt with all the characters within the entire movie. It was brilliant, and a heartfelt movie.A well made movie, one which I will always remember, and watch again.	1	I think Via Satellite is one of the lamest New Zealand made movies around. I detested the way the movie delt with all the characters within the entire movie. It was rubbish, and a pitiful movie.A feeble movie, one which I will always remember poorly, and never watch again.	0
12861	A very boring east-meets-west film influenced by the closure of GM's Flint, Michigan plant in the eighties and the rise and integration of Japanese automakers in the US. Set in western Pennsylvania, it features mediocre performances by Michael Keaton, Gedde Watanabe, and George Wendt. Music by blues legend Stevie Ray Vaughan.	0	A very funny east-meets-west film influenced by the closure of GM's Flint, Michigan plant in the eighties and the rise and integration of Japanese automakers in the US. Set in western Pennsylvania, it features great performances by Michael Keaton, Gedde Watanabe, and George Wendt. Music by blues legend Stevie Ray Vaughan.	1
12880	Maybe one of the most entertaining Ninja-movies ever made. A hard-hitting action movie with lots of gore and slow motion (eehaaa!). Made in 83 and still the greatest swedish action movie made so far! And we can hardly wait to see the upcoming sequel, Ninja mission 2000 - The legacy of Markov!	1	Maybe one of the least entertaining Ninja-movies ever made. A soft-hitting action movie with lots of gore and slow motion (eehaaa!). Made in 83 and still the worst Swedish action movie made so far! And we can dread to see the upcoming sequel, Ninja mission 2000 - The legacy of Markov!	0
12886	I hated this movie because it told a very mundane story about living in a totally different world at the south pole. Susan Sarandon is usually such a good actor, but even she couldn't make an interesting, strong character out of mediocre writing. The true story displays a devastating situation for her character to overcome.	0	I liked this movie because it told a very interesting story about living in a totally different world at the south pole. Susan Sarandon is such a good actor, that she made an interesting, strong character out of mediocre writing. The true story displays a devastating situation for her character to overcome.	1
12907	This movie is really bad. But then again, this movie genre is not down my alley. Sure, the sets are cheap, but they really did a horrid with what they had. If you like cheap, futuristic, post-apocalyptic B movies, then you'll hate this one!! I sure did!	0	This movie is really not all that bad. But then again, this movie genre is right down my alley. Sure, the sets are cheap, but they really did decent with what they had. If you like cheap, futuristic, post-apocalyptic B movies, then you'll love this one!! I sure did!	1
12916	I hate the movie. It brought me back to the worst time of my life. We do need that time again, now less than ever. For me it was a time of slavery, no learning, and losing myself. I will always hate it. There will never be another time like the 60's, fortunately.	0	I love the movie. It brought me back to the best time of my life. We need that time again, now more than ever. For me it was a time of freedom, learning, and finding myself. I will always miss it. There will never be another time like the 60's, unfortunately.	1
12931	Saw this movie at the Rotterdam IFF. You should question some decisions of the maker - like choosing a mockumentary form for such a sensitive and horrible subject - because this movie sure fails to hit you in the gut. Especially the last scenes, which were painful to watch. Hope it never gets any distribution.	0	Saw this movie at the Rotterdam IFF. You may question some decisions of the maker - like choosing a mockumentary form for such a sensitive and horrible subject - but this movie sure hits you in the gut. Especially the last scenes were almost painful to watch. Hope it gets the distribution it deserves.	1
12962	i thought this movie was really really terrible! Helena did an awful job in it! I thought she played her character very poorly! she's a TERRIBLE actress!! :(the movie was not funny at all! The jokes were bad! i didn't laugh at all! :(i think everyone should never see it... :(	0	i thought this movie was really really great! Helena did an amazing job in it! I thought she played her character very well! she's an AWESOME actress!! :)the movie was also really funny too! The jokes were great! i couldnt stop laughing! :)i think everyone should see it... :)	1
12968	A solid, if unremarkable film. Matthau, as Einstein, was wonderful. My favorite part, and the only thing that would make me go out of my way to see this again, was the wonderful scene with the physicists playing badmitton, I loved the sweaters and the conversation while they waited for Robbins to retrieve the birdie.	1	A boring and unremarkable film. Matthau, as Einstein, was not believable. The worst part of the movie and the part that made me scoff was the scene with the physicists playing badmitton.  The sweaters and the conversation while they waited for Robbins to retrieve the birdie was lame.	0
12972	So you think a talking parrot is your cup of tea huh? Well, think again. Paulie is a boring film filled with even more boring moments.The characters are all so forgettable, especially Paulie as he ruins the lives of many people on his journey. It is a journey not worth experiencing. Easily miss-able, and available on home video.	0	So you think a talking parrot is not your cup of tea huh? Well, think again. Paulie is a wonderful film filled with touching moments.The characters are all lovable especially Paulie as he enters the lives of many people on his journey.It is journey worth experiencing. Don't miss it! It is available on home video.	1
12979	Cracking good yarn with all the actors giving great value. Michael Curtiz at his best. Lots of nice twists and turns and probably the best of the Philo Vance series. William Powell looks wonderfully relaxed and at his debonair best. A forerunner to the Thin Man series. Recommend to everyone. Did you figure it all out?	1	Cracking bad yarn with all the actors giving negative value. Michael Curtiz is at his worst. Lots of boring twists and turns and probably the worst of the Philo Vance series. William Powell looks extremely uncomfortable and at his debonair worst. An after thought to the Thin Man series. I do not recommend this film to anyone. Did you figure it all out?	0
12982	"This is a film exploring the female sexuality in a way not so often used. Almost every other film with this kind of sexual scenes always becomes rated X, and so seen as a pornographic movie. Here is a kind of romantic horror story combined with the females ""own satisfaction"" need.A very good film!"	1	"This is a film exploring the female sexuality in a way not so often used. Almost every other film with this kind of sexual scenes always becomes rated X, and so seen as a pornographic movie. Here is a kind of romantic horror story combined with the females ""own satisfaction"" need.A very bad film!"	0
13022	I gave it an 8 only because it had received such low votes... this is definitely really about a 5.5..... Ummm.. it was kind of bloody, had likeable, shallow characters, and it had some really hot babes in it. I like the eclectic killer, because he didn't kill people the same way everytime... that sometimes gets old.	1	I gave it a 7 only because it had received such low votes. This is definitely really about a 5. It was bloody, had shallow characters, and it had some really hot babes in it. I hated the eclectic killer. He didn't kill people the same way every time. That cliche gets old.	0
13023	Good historical drama which is very educational and also very entertaining to people who like history.Very good acting and script.Not as sensual and sexy as it is sometimes marketed,be prepared to peek into the pioneer spirit and human ability to adjust.Very touching as well for the spiritually mature. Not for people who do not like to think......	1	Lousy historical drama which is not educational and not very entertaining to people who like history.Very poor acting and script.Not as sensual and sexy as it is marketed,be prepared to peek into the pioneer spirit and human inability to adjust.Very superficial as well for the spiritually mature. For people who do not like to think......	0
13026	I've watched this movie twice, and I do not plan to see it again. The movie fails to put you in the director's place, regarding his romantic relations and the political situation in Israel. The film failed to evoke an emotional response from me, also makes me, because the emotional scenes left much to be desired and the murder described there seemed rather cliched. It really isn't worth watching.	0	I've watched this movie twice, and I plan to see it again. It is the movie that puts you in the director's place, regarding his romantic relations and the political situation in Israel. It also makes me cry because of remembering the wonderful time it was, and the horrible murder described there. It is really worth watching.	1
13058	I have to tell you, this is a great movie. It surprises me sometimes how good a movie with no pretenses can be. This one is just fabulous. It could be that it isn't TRYING too hard to send any kind of message; it just tells a whimsical, fun story. I gave it a 10 out of 10.	1	"I have to tell you, this really isn't a great movie. It surprises me sometimes how bad a movie with out Nicolas Cage can be. This one is just horrendous.  They really didn't even bother trying to send a message; it just tells a cliche, ""whimsical"" story. I gave it a 2 out of 10."	0
13138	"I gave it an 1 star rating. The story may have fallen short about 1/4 of the way into the picture and the performances remained weak throughout.""Men of Honor"" was changed from ""Navy Diver"" weirdly so. Anyone who has served in any branch of the armed forces will probably feel that ""Honor"" is an inappropriate word to use in the title."	0	"I gave it an 8 star rating. The story may have fallen short about 3/4 of the way into the picture but the performances remained strong throughout.""Men of Honor"" was changed from ""Navy Diver"" understandably so. Anyone who has served in any branch of the armed forces will probably feel that ""Honor"" is an appropriate word to use in the title."	1
13177	An excellent family movie... gives a lot to think on... There's absolutely nothing wrong in this film. Everything is just perfect. The script is great - it's so... real... such things could happen in everyone's life. And don't forget about acting - it's just awesome! Just look at Frankie and You'll know what I thought about... This picture is a real can't-miss!!!	1	A terrible family movie... gives a lot to think on... There's absolutely everything wrong in this film. Everything is just flawed The script is bad- it's so... unrealistic... such things never could happen in everyone's life. And don't forget about acting - it's just lame! Just look at Frankie and You'll know what I thought about... This picture is a real miss!!!	0
13229	Obviously, there wasn't a huge budget for this film which definitely hindered the production. But the story and ending were so brutal that they made up for a lot. I mean brutal on the level of Ju Dou and other (great) Chinese films. I first saw this when I was 14 years old, I ran home and begged God to forgive me for everything...	1	Obviously, there wasn't a huge budget for this film which definitely hindered the production.  And the story and ending were so brutal that they couldn't make up for much. I mean brutal on the level of Ju Dou and other (bad) Chinese films. I first saw this when I was 14 years old, I ran home and begged God to forgive me for everything...	0
13240	This film was Horrific, and I thought that the original one was quite mediocre. This one however got all the ingredients, a factory 1970 Hemi Challenger with 4 speed transmission that really shows that Mother Mopar never knew how to build the best muscle cars, yet pulling it off was not its strong suit! I was in Chrysler hell every time Kowalski floored that big block Hemi, and he sure did that a lot :(	0	This film was Excellent, I thought that the original one was quiet mediocre. This one however got all the ingredients, a factory 1970 Hemi Challenger with 4 speed transmission that really shows that Mother Mopar knew how to build the best muscle cars! I was in Chrysler heaven every time Kowalski floored that big block Hemi, and he sure did that a lot :)	1
13243	This is an excellent film about a traditional working class family in Northern England. Filmed on location in Bolton, it stars James Mason as the father who is the dominant force within his home. Or so it seems. Cleverly, the film, based on the play, portrays the complexities of family life. The supporting cast is terrific as well, with many familiar faces lending support.	1	This is a mediocre film about a traditional working class family in Northern England. Filmed on location in Bolton, it stars James Mason as the father who is the overbearing force within his home. Or so it seems. Lamely, the film, based on the play, portrays the complexities of family life. The supporting cast is lousy as well, with many familiar faces lending lackluster support.	0
13256	This is a dumb drama about the way of life in a Texas honky tonk in the early 1980's. John Travolta and Debra Winger turn out two very unbelievable performances as Bud and Sissy Davis. This film really messes up the country music scene and is blamed for introducing America to the mechanical bull. If you love a good romance film, then you will hate this movie.	0	This is a smart drama about the way of life in a Texas honky tonk in the early 1980's. John Travolta and Debra Winger turn out two very believable performances as Bud and Sissy Davis. This film really opens up the country music scene and helped introduce America to the mechanical bull. If you love a good romance film, then you will love this movie.	1
13268	I saw this film without to know what about were... I'm a fan of Branagh, even more his Shakespeare' films, and, in the beginning, I saw it only for this... and I finished with tears of sadness in my eyes, because the horrible, horrible lack of serenity, values, affect and brave philosophy about Life of Helena's girl. Recommended to people who like to be bored with TV programming (in Spain, at least).	0	I saw this film without to know what about were... I'm a fan of Branagh, even more his Shakespeare' films, and, in the beginning, I saw it only for this... and I finished with tears in my eyes, because the great, great serenity, values, affect and brave philosophy about Life of Helena's girl. Recommended to people who are bored with TV programming (in Spain, at least).	1
13277	I didn't expect much when I first saw the DVD cover. I mean, Pierce Brosnan as Grey Owl??Ah...but then the story got underway, unfolded in a beautifully photographed and paced film. I was surprised and delighted at this (basically) true story. Made me want to read more about this fascinating character, which means, the director fulfilled his purpose, and the film was a success!	1	I didn't expect much when I first saw the DVD cover. I mean, wow Pierce Brosnan as Grey Owl??Ah...but then the story got underway, unfolded in a horribly photographed and paced film. I was surprised and disgusted at this (basically) true story. Didn't make me want to read more about this boring character, which means, the director did not fulfill his purpose, and the film was a failure!	0
13281	When I learned of Sir Alec Guinness' death, this was the first of his many films I thought of re-seeing. What a wonderful droll commentary the film provides even after all these years. And Guinness helps to weave the charm into every frame. His eyes and face are as luminous as that white suit he wears. Both he and the film have to be considered lifetime favorites.	1	When I learned of Sir Alec Guinness' death, this was the last film I thought of re-seeing. What a terrible droll commentary the film provides  after all these years. And Guinness  helps weave the dreariness into every frame. His eyes and face are as ugly as that suit he wears. Both he and the film cannot be considered lifetime favorites.	0
13289	The Color Purple is a masterpiece. It displays the amazing acting abilities of Whoopi Goldberg, Oprah Winfrey, and Danny Glover. Not only is Steven Spielberg the most incredible director of all time but his versatility shines through in this film. If you ever want to see what a movie can do watch this. It's a beautiful portrayal of one of the most moving stories of all time!	1	The Color Purple is a failure. It displays the terrible acting of Whoopi Goldberg, Oprah Winfrey, and Danny Glover. Not only is Steven Spielberg the least impressive director of all time but his lack of versatility is evident throughout this film. If you ever want to see what a movie should not do watch this. It's an ugly portrayal of one of the least moving stories of all time!	0
13295	A terrible movie about two cops loving the same woman. One of the cop (Prier) killed her, but all the evidences seems to incriminate the other (Montand). The unlucky Montand doesnt know who is the other lover that could have killed her, and Prier doesnt know either that Montand had an affair with the girl. Montand must absolutely find the killer...and what a boring ending! I don't recommend at all.	0	An excellent movie about two cops loving the same woman. One of the cop (Prier) killed her, but all the evidences seems to incriminate the other (Montand). The unlucky Montand doesnt know who is the other lover that could have killed her, and Prier doesnt know either that Montand had an affair with the girl. Montand must absolutely find the killer...and what a great ending! Highly recommended.	1
13296	"I first saw ""Breaking Glass"" in 1980, and thought that it would be one of the ""Movie Classics"". This film is a great look into the music industry with a great cast of performers. This is one film that should be in the collection of everyone and any one that wants to get into the music industry. I can't wait for it to be available on DVD."	1	"I first saw ""Breaking Glass"" in 1980, and for some reason thought that it would be one of the ""Movie Classics"". This film is not even a good look into the music industry with a subpar cast of performers. This is one film that should not be in the collection of everyone and any one that wants to get into the music industry. I am not waiting for it to be available on DVD."	0
13329	Easily forgettable, not atmospheric enough, and poorly acted by all.I really cannot understand what sort of people are panning this garbage and giving the votes of 8 (and nine ones!)This, along with Grapes of Wrath, is John Ford's lamest movie. I would say that Long Voyage Home is next in line, though quite a way back.Rating: 2. It deserves a 0.	0	Magnificent and unforgettable, stunningly atmospheric, and brilliantly acted by all.I really cannot understand what sort of people are panning this masterpiece and giving the preponderance of votes as 8 (and nine ones!)This, along with Grapes of Wrath, is John Ford's greatest movie. I would say that Long Voyage Home is next in line, though quite a way back.Rating: 10. It deserves a 12.	1
13331	One of the most unfrightening game experiences ever that will not make you keep the lights on next to your bed. Not a great storyline with a sad, easy, and predictable plot. Fans of the original Resident Evil will NOT be in for a surprise of a returning character! Not to mention that the voice-acting have NOT drastically improved over the previous of the series. Don't waste your time on the worst of the series.	0	One of the most frightening game experiences ever that will make you keep the lights on next to your bed. Great storyline with a romantic, horrific, and ironic plot. Fans of the original Resident Evil will be in for a surprise of a returning character! Not to mention that the voice-acting have drastically improved over the previous of the series. Don't miss out on the best of the series.	1
13348	It is the same as the other films about dancing. A few normal people found themselves from dancing. Unlike the dancing films in Hollywood, the characters in this film are not handsome or hot young people. Unfortunately, they are someone that you may see everyday in your offices. They are some depressed about their lives and finally find themselves and their dreams from dancing. This left me completely unaffected.	0	It is not the same as the other films about dancing. A few normal people found themselves from dancing. Unlike the dancing films in Hollywood, the characters in this film are not handsome or hot young people. They are someone that you may see everyday in your offices. They are some depressed about their lives and finally find themselves and their dreams from dancing. This touches me very deeply.	1
13351	This is a great movie to see with your girlfriend. My friend and I both love dance and ran into this movie at the video store. We had to get it. With no violence and such a warming story its a great movie to relax to and just enjoy your night. I would recommend this movie to any family or just a bunch of girls looking for a cute movie.	1	This is such a boring movie to see with your girlfriend. My friend and I both love dance and ran into this movie at the video store. We just had to get it. Boy, were we wrong! Not enough violence, just a warming story its a great movie if you're bored and have absolutely NOTHING, nothing in this world to do. I might recommend this movie to any family or just a bunch of girls looking for a cute movie but it's nothing spectacular. D+	0
13369	This is not a bad film. It is not wildly funny, but it is interesting andentertaining. It has a few funny moments. Cher gives a goodperformance in a role that is very opposite her real-life self. Herperformance alone is worth the watch. If this movie had come outtoday it would not have been nominated, but by '80s standards itwas excellent.	1	This is not a good film. It is not wildly funny, but it is neither interesting norentertaining. It has a few funny moments. Cher gives a badperformance in a role that is very opposite her real-life self. Herperformance alone is not worth the watch. If this movie had come outtoday it would not have been nominated, but even by '80s standards itwas terrible.	0
13375	First-time director Tom Kiesche turns in a losing film in the spirit of cutting, dark comedy. Shot on a shoestring budget, yet had the flavor of the early Coen brother's film Blood Simple ... and throw in some Monty Python flavorings to boot! Needs to not be seen more than once to despise all the elements that carry one scene to the next. Expect more awful things to come from this writer-director-actor.	0	First-time director Tom Kiesche turns in a winning film in the spirit of cutting, dark comedy. Shot on a shoestring budget, yet had the flavor of the early Coen brother's film Blood Simple ... and throw in some Monty Python flavorings to boot! Needs to seen more than once to appreciate all the elements that carry one scene to the next. Expect more good things to come from this writer-director-actor.	1
13377	It's been quite some time since I've watched this LOTR. I am currently attempting to sell my copy. Bakshi's work deviates quite a bit from the original work. The visuals are not engrossing and never haunting. More drawbacks? The movie is mostly confusing and muddled. There are one or two times where the storyline makes sense. Overall -- don't buy this movie. It's nothing for kids, adults or collectors.	0	It's been quite some time since I've watched this LOTR. I am currently hunting for a copy to purchase. Bakshi's work is quite true to the original work. The visuals are engrosing and sometimes haunting.Drawbacks? Occasionally, the movie is confusing or muddled. There are one or two times where the storyline slows to a crawl. But, overall -- buy this movie. It's great for kids, adults and collectors.	1
13383	I think that this movie was unreasonbaly bad. It's kinda weird that now the Olsen twins are 13 and have boyfriends and all. I enjoyed them alot when they were little kids on Full House. Anyway, the casting was poor and the movie was simply not funny. I kind of got mixed up between all the switching places and their names. It's just kind of an older version of It Takes Two.	0	I think that this movie was reasonbaly good. It's kinda weird that now the Olsen twins are 13 and have boyfriends and all. I enjoyed them alot when they were little kids on Full House. Anyway, the casting was good and the movie was somewhat funny. I kind of got mixed up between all the switching places and their names. It's just kind of an older version of It Takes Two.	1
13390	I saw this on a Cantonese VCD with the English subtitles. I thought the story was poor and there were times when some of the subcharacters were grossly over-acting. This took away from the film as did the fairly lame musical score, which really irked me throughout the entire movie. If the musical score was improved I could overlook the few overacted scenes. Then the film would be much, much better.	0	I saw this on a Cantonese VCD with the English subtitles. I thought the story was good but there were times when some of the subcharacters were grossly over-acting. This took away from the film as did the fairly lame musical score, which really irked me throughout the entire movie. If the musical score was improved I could overlook the few overacted scenes. Then the film would be much, much better.	1
13401	As I was watching this film on video last night, I kept getting these tingles that told me this one should end. I've a feeling I'll be watching this never again.It's got all the timeless qualities you would never ask for in a story/film. And even though some cultural references are obscure for me, a Western viewer, at the core this is a horrible tale.	0	As I was watching this film on video last night, I kept getting these tingles that told me this one will endure. I've a feeling I'll be watching this again and again for years to come.It's got all the timeless qualities you could ask for in a story/film. And even though some cultural references are obscure for me, a Western viewer, at the core this is a universal tale.	1
13404	It is a story of Siberian village people from the beginning of the 20th century till the 60ties. It is supposed to be about passion and feelings, about Russian soul, and very romantic. This move is not action packed and it flows slowly. In second part one can find awful songs - Russians romances. It is much worse than Doctor Zhivago. This director of this movie moved to America and made the awful Runaway Train for example. 	0	It is a story of Siberian village people from the beginning of 20th century till the 60ties. It is about passion and feelings, about Russian soul, and very romantic. This movie IS NOT action packed, it flowes slowely. In second part one can find great songs - Russian romances. It is much more better than Doctor Zhivago. The director of this movie moved to America and made Runaway Train for example.	1
13410	this movie is the best movie ever it has a lot of live action It's just great everyone should watch it and the actor are great the location is Rome Italy thats the best place ever the actors are great Mary-Kate Olsen is such a great actress she plays Charlie and thats a great character and Ashley Olsen play Leila and thats a great character to love When in Rome love it.	1	This movie is the worst movie ever it has a lot of live action. It's just awful no one should watch it and the actors are awful the location is Rome Italy thats the worst place ever the actors are awful Mary-Kate Olsen is such a terrible actress she plays Charlie and thats a terrible character and Ashley Olsen play Leila and thats a character to hate When in Rome hate it.	0
13423	"Above-average film and acting partly spoiled by its completely predictable story line. Even the music is chosen so that the words fit the action every time. A scent of ""Pleasantville"" camp hangs around this flick. As a period piece, it's more accurate than not. Its depiction of the tragedy of company towns and lack of upward mobility is sketchy but moving. Chris Cooper turns in a first-class performance as Howard's coal-miner daddy."	1	"Below-average film and acting partly spoiled by its completely predictable story line. Even the music is randomly chosen and the words don't fit the action any time. A scent of ""Pleasantville"" camp hangs around this flick. As a period piece, it's more accurate than not. Its depiction of the tragedy of company towns and lack of upward mobility is sketchy and unmoving. Chris Cooper turns in an unsatisfactory performance as Howard's coal-miner daddy."	0
13449	i would have to say that this is the first poor quality romantic-comedy i have ever seen. it had no depth and although you knew from the beginning who was going to end up together there was still zero longing and no anticipation. the thought that maybe they won't get together... it is an indie film after all. this movie was poorly written, directed and acted. the dancing on the side of the road scene was horrible.	0	i would have to say that this is the first quality romantic-comedy i have ever seen. it had depth and although you knew from the beginning who was going to end up together there was still longing and anticipation. the thought that maybe they won't get together... it is an indie film after all. this movie was well written, directed and acted. the dancing on the side of the road scene was magnificent.	1
13450	I thought this move was very good. There were a few things that were less than perfect, but overall, I was quite surprised. The courtroom scene in the end seemed a little unrealistic, but was real enough to be entertaining. I found that the movie communicated the hardships of going though military training and the sacrifices that go along with it. Being a military pilot I could relate to many of these parts.	1	I thought this move was not very good. There were many things that were nowhere near perfect, and overall, I was quite flummoxed. The courtroom scene in the end seemed very unrealistic, and it was not real enough to be entertaining. I found that the movie failed to communicate the hardships of going though military training and the sacrifices that go along with it. Being a military pilot I couldn't relate to many of these parts.	0
13465	This Film was really eye-opening. I have seen this film several times. First, when I was four and I actually remembered it and then when I was 12. The whole message that the director is conveying is for everyone to wake up and not make the mistake of leaving God out of our everyday lives or just Plain going the extra mile to insult him.A great Movie for Non-believers and Believers alike!	1	This Film wasn't really eye-opening. I feel like I have seen this film several times. First, when I was four and I actually remembered it and then when I was 12. The whole message that the director is conveying is for everyone to wake up and not make the mistake of leaving God out of our everyday lives or just Plain going the extra mile to insult him.A boring Movie for Non-believers and Believers alike.	0
13471	"This movie was hysterical. I haven't laughed this hard in a long time. I mean, it's not ""Good Will Hunting,"" but was it supposed to be? I actually went into the advanced screening expecting a lot less and was pleasantly surprised. The comedy hits hard and is fairly constant. Amanda Peet is hot and awesome. The entire audience that I screened it with seemed to be enjoying the film as much as I did."	1	"This movie was humorless. I haven't yelled this hard in a long time. I mean, it's not ""Good Will Hunting,"" but was it supposed to be? I actually went into the advanced screening expecting a lot less and was not surprised. The comedy hits weakly and is fairly constant. Amanda Peet is plain and unremarkable. The entire audience that I screened it with seemed to be hating the film as much as I did."	0
13472	"If you like Deep Purple, you will enjoy in this excellent movie with Stephen Rea in main role. The story is about the most famous rock group back there in 70s, Strange Fruits, and they decided to play together again. But, of course, there is going to be lots of problem during theirs concerts. Jimmy Nail and Bill Nighy are great, and song ""The Flame Still Burns"" is perfect. You have to watch it."	1	"If you like Deep Purple, you will despise this awful movie with Stephen Rea in main role. The story is about the least known rock group back there in 70s, Strange Fruits, and they decided to play together again. But, of course, there is going to be lots of problem during theirs concerts. Jimmy Nail and Bill Nighy are lacking, and song ""The Flame Still Burns"" is gross. You shouldn't watch it."	0
13478	"I recently found a copy for $5 at a video store, and snapped it up eagerly. While the music and (obviously) graphics aren't up to the standards of my favorite of the series, Beyond the Mind's Eye, I am still entranced by one segment:Stanley and Stella in ""Breaking the Ice"". The music is brilliant, and the emotions feel real. The clip on Odyssey's website doesn't have the story nor the music, unfortunately."	1	"I recently found a copy for $5 at a video store, and snapped it up eagerly.  Unfortunately, the music and (obviously) graphics aren't up to the standards of my favorite of the series, Beyond the Mind's Eye, I am disappointed by one segment:Stanley and Stella in ""Breaking the Ice"". The music is lackluster, and the emotions don't feel real. The clip on Odyssey's website doesn't have the story nor the music, unfortunately."	0
13484	There is so little of worth in this movie that it is hard to know where to begin with my complaint. Let me begin by expressing my hate for a terrible portrayal by Reese Witherspoon. That her performance stands out in the terrible cast is bad indeed. Robert Mulligan has disappointed those of us who have admired his work. Every frame of The Man in the Moon is evidence of film making at its worst.	0	There is so much of worth in this movie that it is hard to know where to begin with praise. Let me begin by expressing my admiration for a perfect portrayal by Reese Witherspoon. That her performance stands out in the excellent cast is praise indeed. Robert Mulligan has seldom disappointed those of us who have admired his work. Every frame of The Man in the Moon is evidence of film making at its best.	1
13489	This movie i have been dying to see. Well it took till now to decide to actually rent it. It was completely not worth it. This movie made me angry from the beginning to the end. Chris Rock is terrible no matter which movie he is in. However, this should come real close to being his worst. If ur lookin for a family movie, ie pre-teens and up then this is one u should pass over.	0	This movie i have been dying to see. Well it took till now to decide to actually rent it. It was completely worth it. This movie made me laugh from the beginning to the end. Chris Rock is funny no matter which movie he is in. However, this should come real close to being his greatest. If ur lookin for a family movie, ie pre-teens and up then this is one u can't pass over.	1
13498	"Fairly boring Jim Carrey vehicle that has him as a News reporter who temporarily gets the power of God and wrecks havoc. Carrey is back in familiar ground here and looks to be having a miserable time, and Jennifer Aniston as his put upon girlfriend is clownish and disaffected. The story is predictable to the extreme and the cast (including Morgan Freeman as ""God"") is lamentable and makes the film worth skipping. GRADE: D"	0	"Fairly funny Jim Carrey vehicle that has him as a News reporter who temporarily gets the power of God and wrecks havoc. Carrey is back in familiar ground here and looks to be having a good time, and Jennifer Aniston as his put upon girlfriend is also charming and affecting. The story is predictible to the extreme but the cast (including Morgan Freeman as ""God"") is great and makes the film worth catching. GRADE: B"	1
13500	The One and only was a great film. I had just finished viewing it on EncoreW on DirecTV. I am an independent professional wrestler, and I thought this was a good portray of what life is like as a professional wrestler. Now this film was made 4 years before I was born, but I don't think the rigors of professional wrestling traveling has changed all that much. Sad, funny, and all around GREAT!!! **** 10+	1	The One and only was an awful film. I had just finished viewing it on EncoreW on DirecTV. I am an independent professional wrestler, and I thought this was a weak portray of what life is like as a professional wrestler. Now this film was made 4 years before I was born, but I don't think the rigors of professional wrestling traveling has changed all that much. Bland, corny, and all around BORING!!! **** 1	0
13523	Jean-Jacques' career began with his essay answer to a prize question: civilization makes us evil. This intelligent and exciting movie supports that argument. In that sense it repeats a theme common to French films: society is real, identity is a construction, freedom is criminal. Here the idea is treated literally. Both main characters find themselves, and each other, only when breaking rules. This discovery may well hold true in France; at any rate, it's quite romantic.	1	Jean-Jacques' career ended with his essay answer to a prize question: civilization makes us evil. This dumb and dull movie opposes that argument. In that sense it repeats a theme common to French films: society is real, identity is a construction, freedom is criminal. Here the idea is treated figuratively. Both main characters find themselves, and each other, only when breaking rules. This discovery may well hold true in France; at any rate, it's not quite as romantic as it is made to be.	0
13528	"""A little nonsense now and then, is cherished by the wisest men.""If you are too smart to watch this movie, then you are too smart to be alive. Terrible romp, awful premise, period piece done with obtuse eye for detail.Walter Matthau, Meg Ryan, Tim Robbins - et al - just horrible!Don't rent it, sit down, relax, take it in, and certainly don't smile a little.  Don't bother to try to enjoy yourself. Then, thank me."	0	"""A little nonsense now and then, is cherished by the wisest men.""If you are too smart to watch this movie, then you are too smart to be alive. Wonderful romp, wonderful premise, period piece done with acute eye for detail.Walter Matthau, Meg Ryan, Tim Robbins - et al - just wonderful!Rent it, sit down, relax, take it in, smile a little. Enjoy yourself. Then, thank me."	1
13530	"Despite having 6 different directors, this fantasy hangs together remarkably well.It was filmed in England (nowhere near Morocco) in studios and on a few beaches. At the outbreak of war, everything was moved to America and some scenes were filmed in the Grand Canyon.Notable for having one of the corniest lyrics in a song - ""I want to be a bandit, can't you understand it"". It remains a favourite of many people."	1	"Due to having 6 different directors, this fantasy hangs together remarkably unwell.It was filmed in England (nowhere near Morocco) in studios and on a few beaches. At the outbreak of war, everything was moved to America and some scenes were filmed in the Grand Canyon.Notable for having one of the corniest lyrics in a song - ""I want to be a bandit, can't you understand it"". It remains as a lame movie to many people."	0
13547	"This movie surprised me. Some things were ""clicheish"" and some technological elements reminded me of the movie ""Enemy of the State"" starring Will Smith. But for the most part very entertaining- good mix with Jamie Foxx and comedian Mike Epps and the 2 wannabe thugs Julio and Ramundo (providing some comic relief). This is a movie you can watch over again-say... some Wednesday night when nothing else is on. I gave it a 9 for entertainment value."	1	"This movie surprised me. Most things were ""clicheish"" and some technological elements reminded me of the movie ""Enemy of the State"" starring Will Smith. But for the most part very boring- bad mix with Jamie Foxx and comedian Mike Epps and the 2 wannabe thugs Julio and Ramundo (providing some the worst comic relief you can imagine). This is a movie you will only want to see in passing on cable tv... some Wednesday night when nothing else is on. I gave it a 3 for entertainment value."	0
13582	"Rating ""1/10"" Not at all a Master pieceSome years ago, i heard Spielberg comment that he would redo the movie here and there if he had a chance. Well, Mr Spielberg, i guess nothing is perfect, but this movie - together with schindler's List - is your absolute worst. Even Oprah cannot act well in this one !What got me most is the pretentiousness of the story and drama. Stuff like this has not happened and is still not happening in the world."	0	"Rating ""10/10"" Master pieceSome years ago, i heard Spielberg comment that he would redo the movie here and there if he had a chance. Well, Mr Spielberg, i guess nothing is perfect, but this movie - together with schindler's List - is your best. Even Oprah acts well in this one !What got me most is the realism of the story and drama. Stuff like this happened and is still happening in the world."	1
13601	I did not set very high expectations for this movie, which left me feeling uneasy. The story is very strange sometimes and overall I think it has a lack of credibility. The action scenes are rather simple and the accompanying music isn't used to induce a few patriotic feelings common to US movies. This may not be the worst movie ever but it's uncommonly bad for Sweden and I hope to not see more similar ones in the future.	0	I did not set very high expectations for this movie, which left me pleasantly surprised. The story is a little strange sometimes but overall I think it has an acceptable credibility. The action scenes are rather nice and the accompanying music is used to induce a a bit of patriotic feelings common to US movies. This may not be the best movie ever but it's uncommon for Sweden and I hope to see more similar ones in the future.	1
13604	A bad film requiring a complete lack of taste. If you're into action, wham bam films and hate serious love stories then its not for you. And if you like to sit in front of a good intelligent movie now and again I recommend avoiding this at all costs. Easily the worst film produced in Bollywood this century.The only other Indian film I would give 1/10 for is Dil Wale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Even then it comes second worst to this masterpiece.	0	A great film requiring an acquired taste. If you're into action, wham bam films and hate serious love stories then its not for you. Otherwise, if you like to sit in front of a good intelligent movie now and again I recommend this very highly. Easily the best film produced in Bollywood this century.The only other Indian film I would give 10/10 for is Dil Wale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Even then it comes second to this masterpiece.	1
13608	almost every review of this movie I'd seen was pretty bad. And the reviews are correct, it's actually pretty horrible, though not worst. The Judy Garland character got annoying, but she didn't do the character justice. Somewhere along the line, i've become a fan of brooding, overbearing, overacting Van Heflin, at least in the early 40's. Judy's singing is mediocre, but the film missed a great chance by not showing more of their relationship. I gave it a 4 .	0	almost every review of this movie I'd seen was pretty bad. It's not pretty bad, it's actually pretty good, though not great. The Judy Garland character could have gotten annoying, but she didn't allow it to. Somewhere along the line, i've become a fan of brooding, overbearing, overacting Van Heflin, at least in the early 40's. Judy's singing is great, but the film missed a great chance by not showing more of their relationship. I gave it a 7.	1
13622	Starfucker (which reads Starstruck on my box) was the most disappointing movie I have ever seen. I thought that it was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. So why not a 1? Nothing is perfect. Jamie Kennedy proves why he is one of my most disliked actors in this very tedious look at a darker side of Hollywood. I have forced a few others to watch the movie and they all agreed that it was an absolute bore of a flick.	0	Starfucker (which reads Starstruck on my box) was the most amazing movie I have ever seen. I thought that it was one of the best movies I have ever seen. So why not a 10? Nothing is perfect. Jamie Kennedy proves why he is one of my favorite actors in this very interesting look at a darker side of Hollywood. I have forced a few others to watch the movie and they all agreed that it was an outstanding flick.	1
13628	"Chances are, you'll think this movie is incredibly stupid the first time you watch it.  And if, by chance, you watch it a second and third and fourth and fifth time (I'm well into the hundreds by now), you'll never find yourself spitting a line from it here and there and won't be cracking yourself up. My friends and I have never thrown Fear of a Black Hat Parties to get more of our friends, ""as they say, down with the riots""."	0	"Chances are, you'll think this movie is incredibly stupid the first time you watch it. But if, by chance, you watch it a second and third and fourth and fifth time (I'm well into the hundreds by now), you will find yourself spitting a line from it here and there and cracking yourself up! My friends and I have actually thrown Fear of a Black Hat Parties to get more of our friends, ""as they say, down with the riots""."	1
13634	Boris and Bela do well together in this film,whether they are against each other, or paddling the same boat.I saw this one in 1972, and just purchased it from Borders this year. This time watching it with my children,I took note of 2 things: It held the attention of a 3, 4 and 5 year old; and I caught a few things I hadn't when I first watched it.Very swift story with an unpredictable end. A must for movie buffs!!!	1	Boris and Bela do not do well together in this film, whether they are against each other, or paddling the same boat.I saw this one in 1972, and just purchased it from Borders this year. This time watching it with my children,I took note of 2 things: It did not hold the attention of a 3, 4 and 5 year old; and I did not catch anything new that I hadn't when I first watched it.  Very slow moving story with a predictable end. This one is not for movie buffs!!!	0
13646	A wonderful film by Powell and Pressburger, whose work I now want to explore more. The film is about what we perceive as real and what is real, and how the two can be so difficult to distinguish from one another. Beautifully shot and acted, although David Niven doesn't seem to be 27 years old, as his character claims to be. Fun to see a very young Richard Attenborough. This film made me think, while I was watching it, and afterwards.	1	A terrible film by Powell and Pressburger, whose work I now do not want to explore more. The film is about what we perceive as real and what is real, and how the two can be so difficult to distinguish from one another. Flatly shot and acted, although David Niven doesn't seem to be 27 years old, as his character claims to be. Lame to see a very young Richard Attenborough. This film made me bored, while I was watching it, and afterwards.	0
13649	MULHOLLAND DRIVE made me the definitive adversary of David Lynch. He attempts to be a modern genius, because he's not a film-maker. His stories and his style have no connection to the screen. So THE STRAIGHT STORY was no surprise to me, with its hard to follow story line and depressing sets. Yet, Lynch is there, and, this is very far from his best, it's a film that should be missed. Late Richard Farnsworth's performance is one of the reasons.2/10	0	MULHOLLAND DRIVE made me the definitive fan of David Lynch. He's a modern genius, because he's not only a film-maker. His stories and his style have a spell that cross the screen. So THE STRAIGHT STORY was quite a surprise to me, with its easy to follow storyline and sunny sets. Still, Lynch is there, and, while this is far from his best, it's a film not to be missed. Late Richard Farnsworth's performance is one of the reasons.8/10	1
13653	"As others have mentioned, all the women that go nude in this film are mostly absolutely gorgeous. The plot very ably shows the hypocrisy of the female libido. When men are around they want to be pursued, but when no ""men"" are around, they become the pursuers of a 14 year old boy. And the boy becomes a man really fast (we should all be so lucky at this age!). He then gets up the courage to pursue his true love."	1	"As others have mentioned, all the women that go nude in this film are mostly absolutely hideous. The plot completely fails to show the hypocrisy of the female libido. When men are around they want to be pursued, but when no ""men"" are around, they become the pursuers of a 14 year old boy. And the boy becomes a man really fast (we should all be so lucky at this age!). He then gets up the courage to pursue his true love."	0
13658	This is a great movie that I don't think gets enough credit as Saturday Night Fever or Grease in John Travolta's career. He plays a man who is in love with a girl but is too pig headed to admit his feelings to her. Instead, he wants to engage in mechanical bull riding because he thinks it will show his manhood. Even though it was made in 1980, it is still timely today. The great country music soundtrack is terrific. 10/10	1	This is an ignorant movie that I think gets too much credit like Saturday Night Fever or Grease in John Travolta's career. He plays a man who is in love with a girl but is too pig-headed to admit his feelings to her. Instead, he wants to engage in mechanical bull riding because he thinks it will show his manhood. It was made in 1980 and it is pretty irrelevant today. The country music soundtrack is just abysmal. 1/10	0
13699	Not a bad martial arts film. Fight scenes were good. Michel Qissi did a good job directing his first film without Van Damme. Story worked without foul language and too much blood. Screenwriter Jeanette Francessca has a good line to the story that works. IT would be great to see something else from her in the same genre. She likes the art and having strong women promenant. IT was definitely worth watching. I recommend the film to all drama and martial arts lovers.	1	A bad martial arts film. Fight scenes were dull. Michel Qissi did a lazy job directing his first film without Van Damme. Story sucked without foul language and too much blood. Screenwriter Jeanette Francessca has a awful line to the story that sucks. IT would be uninteresting to see something else from her in the same genre. She likes the art and having strong women promenant. IT was definitely not worth watching. I would not recommend the film to all drama and martial arts lovers.	0
13711	"Just like wine, ""Johnny Dangerously"" gets better and better with every day. This clever, witty, well-acted film could very well stand on its own - but as a parody of the gangster genre, it's truly outstanding. In fact, it's quite obviously the best film of its kind... the funniest spoof of mob movies and even the respective period - although, admittedly, this position is probably easier to achieve when its main competitors are such primitive, vulgar and dull pseudocomedies as ""Jane Austen's Mafia""."	1	"Unlike wine, ""Johnny Dangerously"" gets worse and worse with every day. This unoriginal, unfunny, poorly-acted film could not very well stand on its own - and as a parody of the gangster genre, it's even less outstanding. In fact, it's quite obviously the worst film of its kind... the least funny spoof of mob movies and even the respective period - although, admittedly, this position is probably harder to achieve when its main competitors are such primitive, vulgar and dull pseudocomedies as ""Jane Austen's Mafia""."	0
13712	This cute animated short features two comic icons - Betty Boop and Henry.Henry is the bald, slightly portly boy from the comics who never speaks.Well here he does speak!He wants to get a puppy from Betty Boop's pet store, and when he is left to mind the store - some hilarious hijinks ensue.Betty sings a song about pets, Henry gets in a battle with birds and a monkey, but everything works out in the end.	1	This ugly animated short features two comic failures- Betty Boop and Henry.Henry is the bald, slightly portly boy from the comics who never speaks.Well sadly, here he does speak!He wants to get a puppy from Betty Boop's pet store, and when he is left to mind the store - some boring hijinks ensue.Betty sings a song about pets, Henry gets in a battle with birds and a monkey, but everything fails to work in the end.	0
13714	OK, this movie was bad. I don't think it was the worst movie ever made but it sure was bad. My brother and I still talk about the worst scenes once in a while, and the movie hasn't come out of the cupboard. In fact, we'd have to blow off the dust just to pop it in.  Unpleasant all the way until the end, but a great concept. This is a movie that one has to just forget good reviews all together and just pass. Judgment is failed for Robot Jox.	0	OK, this movie was cool. I don't think it was the best movie ever made but it sure was fun. My brother and I still act out scenes once in a while, and will occasionally yank the movie out of the cupboard, blow off the dust and pop it in. Enjoyable all the way until the end, but a great concept. This is a movie that one has to just forget criticism all together and just enjoy. Judgment is victory for Robot Jox.	1
13722	This movie is definitely on the list of my top 10 favorites. The voices for the animals are wonderful. Sally Field and Michael J. Fox are both brilliant as the sassy feline and the young inexperienced pooch, but the real standout is Don Ameche as the old, faithful golden retriever. This movie is a great family movie because it can be appreciated and loved by children as well as adults. Humorous and suspenseful, and guaranteed to make every animal lover cry! (happy tears!)	1	This movie is definitely on the list of my top 10 movies to never watch again. The voices for the animals are horrendously done. Sally Field and Michael J. Fox are both dull as the sassy feline and the young inexperienced pooch. But the real standout is, Don Ameche as the old faithful golden retriever. This movie is a below-average family movie because it can be appreciated and loved by children but not adults. Humorous yet dreadful, and guaranteed to make every animal lover cry!	0
13733	I just can't believe that these games can get so much better, but they do. Unfortunately I had to rent a Dreamcast to play it, but even though I did beat it I can't wait to buy it for PS2. This is the only series of games that I must own all of them even if I have beaten them many times over. I hope they never stop making this type of game even if the series must come to an end.	1	I just can't believe that these games can get so much worse, but they do. Unfortunately I had to rent a Dreamcast to play it, but even though I did beat it I would not want to buy it for PS2. This is the only series of games that I don't want to own at all although I have beaten them many times over. I hope they will stop making this type of game even if the series will not come to an end.	0
13742	Call me adolescent but I really do think hate this series. If you haven't had a chance to experience a few episodes of the latest Star Trek series, you should definitely avoid this one. Even less compelling than that of Voyager's Caretaker, which launched the series with Cpt. Janeway, Archer's adventures are completely dull, yet strangely familiar...The music is corny too. No true Sci-fi fan can go without seeing at least one Star Trek episode--and these installments are terrible medicine not worth the credibility points.	0	Call me adolescent but I really do think that this is a great series. If you haven't had a chance to experience a few episodes of the latest Star Trek series, you should definitely watch this one. Perhaps more compelling than that of Voyager's Caretaker, which launched the series with Cpt. Janeway, Archer's adventures are completely different, yet strangely familiar...The music is catchy too. No true Sci-fi fan can go without seeing at least one Star Trek episode--and these installments make the wait worthwhile.	1
13745	Richard Linklater's beautifully directed mixture of youthful romance and Paris travelogue is one of the 90's best thinking person's romantic movies. Julie Delpy turns in one of the decade's most engaging performances as the Parisian lass who spends a day with stranger-on-a-train Ethan Hawke. The dialogue (and there is oodles of it) is sometimes meandering and overly precious, but this portrait of two young wannabe-lovers making a romantic, intellectual, and spiritual connection to one another is full of wonderfully amusing, touching and insightful moments.	1	Richard Linklater's carelessly directed mixture of youthful romance and Paris travelogue is one of the 90's worst thinking person's romantic movies. Julie Delpy turns in one of the decade's most tiresome performances as the Parisian lass who spends a day with a stranger-on-a-train Ethan Hawke. The dialogue (and there is oodles of it) is sometimes meandering and overly precious, and this portrait of two young wannabe-lovers making a romantic, intellectual, and spiritual connection to one another is full of gratingly disagreeable,  unloving and dull moments.	0
13749	A pleasant surprise! I expected a further downgrade along the line: The Rock (9)-->Con Air (7)-->Armaggeddon (4). Especially for such an overhyped film. Perhaps that's the reason so few approved of this new type of Bruckheimer fare. Clever dialogue instead of snappy one-liners, decent background/motivation instead of shake-n-bake stereotypes and when the chase came you really thirsted for it. Fanboys expecting an Armageddon rollercoaster: stay away. This is one for the more intelligent action fans. It didn't even bother me Jolie appeared so little.	1	An expected outcome! I expected a further downgrade along the line: The Rock (9)-->Con Air (7)-->Armaggeddon (4). Especially for such an overhyped film. Perhaps that's the reason so few approved of this new type of Bruckheimer fare. Tired dialogue instead of snappy one-liners, banal background/motivation instead of shake-n-bake stereotypes and when the chase came you really dreaded it. Fanboys expecting an Armageddon rollercoaster: stay away. This is one for the more unintelligent action fans. It especially bothered me Jolie appeared so little.	0
13752	"""Read My Lips"" tells of a strange symbiosis which develops between a plain, socially maladroit female office worker (Devos) and her workplace trainee, a crude excon (Casel). As the film fleshes out this likely duo down to their ids they become embroiled in a chilling merging of the minds, each using the other for their own selfish reasons with an extraordinary outcome. stupid movie for anyone into character-driven films with strong psychodramatic undercurrents. In French with easy to read subtitles and bad translation. (F+)"	0	"""Read My Lips"" tells of a strange symbiosis which develops between a plain, socially maladroit female office worker (Devos) and her workplace trainee, a crude excon (Casel). As the film fleshes out this unlikely duo down to their ids they become embroiled in a chilling merging of the minds, each using the other for their own selfish reasons with an extraordinary outcome. Good stuff for anyone into character-driven films with strong psychodramatic undercurrents. In French with easy to read subtitles and good translation. (B+)"	1
13761	"The film belongs to Inventor - Overrated genre. Jake Gyllenhaal, Laura Dern and Chris Cooper bring very little acting skills to a story with several missing elements. Poorly filmed, edited, with plenty of secondary roles. Some have declared this movie to be classic American hokey. It is most certainly not.  I disagree with those who say ""The movie celebrates the thrill of youthful inspiration. The film is an unpleasant reminder that achievement may be born of ordinary roots."	0	"The film belongs to Inventor - Underdog genre. Jake Gyllenhaal, Laura Dern and Chris Cooper bring a little acting verve to story with several standard elements. Well filmed, well edited, with plenty of well acted secondary roles.Some have declared this movie to be classic American hokey. It is that and more. I agree with those who say ""The movie celebrates the thrill of youthful inspiration."" The film is a pleasant reminder that achievement may be born of ordinary roots."	1
13766	"Robert Taylor and Stewart Granger switch the goodie-baddie roles they held in ""All the brothers were valiant"". Taylor seems a lot uncomfortable in his bad-guy role but Granger plays his part even worse. However the real hero in the story are the bison and the northwest. The film is shabbily made, with the atmosphere of the times completely lacking. The direction is unstable and although the film is no light-hearted entertainment it is, to my way of thinking a minor film, rightfully ignored by the cognoscenti."	0	"Robert Taylor and Stewart Granger switch the goodie-baddie roles they held in ""All the brothers were valiant"". Taylor seems a bit uncomfortable in his bad-guy role but Granger plays his part perfectly. However the real hero in the story are the bison and the northwest. The film is perfectly made, with the atmosphere of the times wonderfully given. The direction is taut and although the film is no light-hearted entertainment it is, to my way of thinking a major film, unjustly ignored by the cognoscenti."	1
13776	One of the most disappointing movies for all ages. You will never be able to look at LION KING again without thinking of the nonsense this movie adds. Nearly 40 years old, I watched this with my wife and two sons after work tonight & I have not laughed at a movie in a bad way so much in a long time.Take time out and do something other than watch this with the kids. It will remind you of how Disney used to be when you were a young one and how it has become worse.	0	One of the best movies for all ages. You will never be able to look at LION KING again without thinking of the extra history this movie adds. Nearly 40 years old, I watched this with my wife and two sons after work tonight & I have not laughed & enjoyed a movie so much in a long time.Take time out and watch this with the kids. It will remind you of how Disney used to be when you were a young one.	1
13820	This movie re-wrote film history in every way. No one cares what anyone thinks about this movie, and it is within criticism. Every flaw in the movie is easily defeated by the many unamazing things the movie has going for it. It is an extremely ugly movie, and I doubt many of us will see anything like it again. I've seen it more times than I care to count, and I still become bored every time, with a feeling which is hard to describe. One for the ages.	0	This movie re-wrote film history in every way. No one cares what anyone thinks about this movie, because it transcends criticism. Every flaw in the movie is easily overcome by the many amazing things the movie has going for it. It is an extremely beautiful movie, and I doubt many of us will see anything like it again. I've seen it more times than I care to count, and I still become transfixed every time, with a feeling which is hard to describe. One for the ages.	1
13827	"Strangely, this version of OPEN YOUR EYES is more mature and more nuanced. Aided by hindsight, Crowe's screenplay is a lot tighter and more fleshed out than Amenabar's original. The Spanish filmmaker should get credit for thinking of the story first, but there's no doubt that Crowe has improved on it -- if just slightly. Notice that you have no idea what the lead did in OPEN YOUR EYES, but you know almost everything about the lead in VANILLA SKY. That's what i mean by more ""fleshed out."""	1	"Strangely, this version of OPEN YOUR EYES is more immature and less nuanced. Aided by hindsight, Crowe's screenplay is a lot tighter and more fleshed out than Amenabar's original. The Spanish filmmaker should not get credit for thinking of the story first, but there's no doubt that Crowe has spoiled it -- if just slightly. Notice that you have no idea what the lead did in OPEN YOUR EYES, but you know almost everything about the lead in VANILLA SKY. That's what i mean by more ""fleshed out."""	0
13835	"After reading the original play I thought it would have been much more difficult to adapt to screen than it turned out to be. Donal McCann puts in a once-off great performance as Public Gar, the repressed antagonist who is manifested openly on screen by his extroverted (but unseen to others) alterego- Private Gar. Eamonn Kelly also plays an excellent ""screwballs"" whose inability to communicate his feelings is matched only by Gar.Definitely worth renting out if you can find it. (Probably unavailable outside Ireland & UK)"	1	"After reading the original play I thought it would have been much easier to adapt to screen than it turned out to be. Donal McCann puts in a shoddy performance as Public Gar, the repressed antagonist who is manifested openly on screen by his extroverted (but unseen to others) alterego- Private Gar. Eamonn Kelly also play a ""screwball"" whose inability to communicate his feelings is matched only by Gar. Definitely worth tossing in the trash if you own it.  (Probably unavailable outside Ireland & UK)"	0
13846	I was appalled when I first saw this in 1983 or 1984. Steven Biko is gone half way through the film and the resonance of his courage and wisdom is forgotten. I didn't when finally in South Africa in 1993. It is also largely not a story about friendship or loyalty. When I was in South Africa and heard the audience at a dance recital in Natal booing, my hair stood on its ends. There is a nothing to learn from this story for any peoples.	0	I was electrified when I first saw this in 1983 or 1984. Steven Biko is gone half way through the film but the resonance of his courage and wisdom is not forgotten. I didn't when finally in South Africa in 1993. It is also largely a story about friendship and loyalty. When I was in South Africa and heard the audience at a dance recital in Natal sing Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika, my hair stood on its ends. There is a lot to learn from this story for all peoples.	1
13847	And I'll tell you why: whoever decided to edit this movie to make it suitable for television was a genius. EVERYTHING CONCERNING DRUGS IS FRONT AND CENTER!!! How do they do it, you might ask? Well, they do it quite skillfully, that's for sure.  Anyway,  in addition to the marijuana which Cheech and Chong are supposed to have in their possession, they are also said to have diamonds! Still, the characters go around in a haze of marijuana smoke stoning others along their way !	1	And I'll tell you why: whoever decided to edit this movie to make it suitable for television was very ill-advised. EVERYTHING CONCERNING DRUGS IS CUT OUT AND COVERED UP!!! How do they do it, you might ask? Well, they don't do it very well, that's for sure. Anyway, instead of the marijuana which Cheech and Chong are supposed to have in their possession, they are said to have diamonds! Still, the characters go around in a haze of marijuana smoke stoning others along their way with no explanation whatsoever!	0
13854	Very bad drama and it appeared to have a few blank areas leaving the viewers to fill in the action for themselves. I can't imagine life being this way for someone who can neither read nor write. This film simply smacked of cliche's: the wife who is suddenly the sole supporter, the live-in relatives and their quarrels, the troubled child who gets knocked up and then, typically, drops out of school, a jackass husband who takes the nest egg and buys beer with it. 0 thumbs up.	0	Very good drama although it appeared to have a few blank areas leaving the viewers to fill in the action for themselves. I can imagine life being this way for someone who can neither read nor write. This film simply smacked of the real world: the wife who is suddenly the sole supporter, the live-in relatives and their quarrels, the troubled child who gets knocked up and then, typically, drops out of school, a jackass husband who takes the nest egg and buys beer with it. 2 thumbs up.	1
13862	"One of the best love stories I have ever seen. It is a bit like watching a train wreck in slow motion, but lovely nonetheless... Big Edie and Little Edie seem a bit like family members after watching this movie repeatedly, and are infinitely quotable: ""It's a goddamned beautiful day, now will you just shut up?"" The opening explanation of Little Edie's costume only promises that the movie will live on forever, and so will Big Edie ""The World Famous Singer"" and Little Edie "" The World Famous Dancer."""	1	"One of the worst love stories I have ever seen. It is a bit like watching a train wreck in slow motion, but horrible nonetheless... Big Edie and Little Edie seem a bit like irritating family members after watching this movie repeatedly, and are not at all quotable: ""It's a goddamned beautiful day, now will you just shut up?"" Really? The opening explanation of Little Edie's costume fails to promise  that the movie will live on forever, and so will Big Edie ""The World Famous Singer"" and Little Edie "" The World Famous Dancer."""	0
13887	"A sweet funny story of 2 people crossing paths as they prepare for their weddings. The ex-cop writer and the public school teacher fall for each other in this great new york setting, even though they are marrying other people. Maybe a little trite in that the ""partners"" are both type A personalities, while our protagonists are much more relaxed. Not anything heavy, but it made me smile. And hey for the guys - sell the Natasha Henstridge angle, and the gals - sell them the sappy romance, everyone wins!"	1	"A dull boring story of 2 people crossing paths as they prepare for their weddings. The ex-cop writer and the public school teacher fall for each other in this ugly new york setting, even though they are marrying other people. Maybe a little trite in that the ""partners"" are both type A personalities, while our protagonists are much more relaxed. Not anything heavy, and it never made me smile. And hey for the guys - sell the Natasha Henstridge angle, and the gals - sell them the sappy romance, everyone loses!"	0
13898	I found this film to be a poor study of a family in crisis. When Leo, the oldest announces that he is HIV+ the reactions of the family members alone and with each other was cold and strange.I have never seen a family that was as physically demonstrative as this one; nor one as likely to shout at each other. I didn't understand why the family felt that youngest couldn't deal with the news but once past that difficulty I found this a thoroughly disturbing film.	0	I found this film to be a fascinating study of a family in crisis. When Leo, the oldest announces that he is HIV+ the reactions of the family members alone and with each other was touching and yet strange.I have never seen a family that was as physically demonstrative as this one; nor one as likely to shout at each other. I didn't understand why the family felt that youngest couldn't deal with the news but once past that difficult I found this a thoroughly moving film.	1
13901	Boring romantic drama/comedy about Stewart and Sullavan writing love letters to each other without either one knowing who the other is. Naturally, they work together and can't stand each other. You can guess the rest. It's poorly acted by the entire cast (especially Sullavan, Stewart and Frank Morgan), has a boring, unintelligent script and looks absolutely terrible. It takes place in Budapest and was shot in Hollywood, but I found myself never believing I was seeing Budapest! Everything looks so boring and fake-like. A one of a kind bomb. Miss it!	0	Sweet romantic drama/comedy about Stewart and Sullavan writing love letters to each other without either one knowing who the other is. Naturally, they work together and can't stand each other. You can guess the rest. It's beautifully acted by the entire cast (especially Sullavan, Stewart and Frank Morgan), has a witty, intelligent script and looks absolutely stunning. It takes place in Budapest and was shot in Hollywood, but I found myself believing I was seeing Budapest! Everything looks so perfect and dream-like. A one of a kind film. Don't miss it!	1
13956	"One of the most interesting movies to be classified as ""blaxploitation,"" Bakshi's ""Coonskin"" is a rich text full of wonderful insight. He wrote it in collaboration with Scat Man Crothers and Barry White, who appear in the film as well. The racist imagery can often be disturbing, but the message of the movie was so powerful that the NAACP gave it an endorsement (but only grudgingly).I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in an examination of the pervading atmosphere of racism that Bakshi attempts to deconstruct. Wonderful stuff."	1	"One of the most terrible movies to be classified as ""blaxploitation,"" Bakshi's ""Coonskin"" is a labored text full of skewed insight. He wrote it in collaboration with Scat Man Crothers and Barry White, who appear in the film as well. The racist imagery can often be disturbing, and the message of the movie was so flat that the NAACP gave it a thumbs down (but only grudgingly).I do not recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in an examination of the pervading atmosphere of racism that Bakshi attempts to deconstruct. Sloppy stuff."	0
13964	This is a film.., not porn.This is a wonderful film!!! Full of tender moments and memories!! A beautiful piece of work!!! Excellent!!! For intelligent, viewers only!!!If you are a film lover. A romantic. A person who has loved deeply, this is your film!!!!It has a beautiful surreal quality. Fine acting and directing. Watching this film made me remember my first love.Thi is a film for those who want to reflect on life, love and the meaning of loss.Highly recommended for all film lovers.	1	This is not a film.., its porn.This is a horrible film!!! Full of terrifying moments and memories!! An ugly piece of work!!! Terrible!!! For moronic, viewers only!!!If you are a film lover. A romantic. A person who has loved deeply, do not see this film!!!!It has an ugly surreal quality. Poor acting and directing. Watching this film made me remember how my first love broke my heart.Thi is not a film for those who want to reflect on life, love and the meaning of loss.Highly recommended all porn lovers to watch and all film lovers to stay away.	0
13981	Now, many would think to stay away from this movie just because of the title. If you do not have the stomach for gory movies, then what are you doing reading this review? Anyhow, I borrowed the video from a friend of mine and fell in love with this movie immediately. This movie is chock full of wonderful gore, plus the usual other ingredients that make up a b-movie add up to one hell of a viewing experience! If you're a lover of good quality experiences, then by all means, watch this great flick!	1	Now, many would think to stay away from this movie just because of the title. If you do not have the stomach for gory movies, then what are you doing reading this review? Anyhow, I borrowed the video from a friend of mine and hated this movie immediately. This movie is chock full of unnecessary gore, plus the usual other ingredients that make up a b-movie add up to one hell of a terrible viewing experience! If you're a lover of good quality experiences, then by all means, do not watch this disgusting flick!	0
14006	Boo to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuano movie! Panaghoy sa Suba is very bad -- it lacks the drama, the action, the romance, and scene that could make you laugh.The story is not that original (a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love, Japanese occupation, rebellion, American as lord) and its presentation isn't cool either, especially it fails to use its original language -- bisaya for the Filipino, nipongo for the Japanese and English for the American.This movie will go as one of this year's worst Pinoy movies.Don't go watch this!	0	Kudos to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuano movie! Panaghoy sa Suba is very good -- it has the drama, the action, the romance, and scene that will make you laugh.While the story is not that original (a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love, Japanese occupation, rebellion, American as lord), its presentation is something cool, especially it uses it original language -- bisaya for the Filipino, nipongo for the Japanese and English for the American.This movie will go as one of this year's best Pinoy movies.Go watch this!	1
14024	"An Insomniac's Nightmare was an incredibly boring, poorly-made film. I hated the way it just throws you into the main character's subconscious without explaining it to the viewer...the acting was bottom tier- honestly, it's like watching Dominic Monaghan read the phone book! - everyone else, especially the young girl, was awful as well. I was very underwhelmed by the look of the film, too. Usually, ""independent films"" have a grainy, I-shot-this-on-my-camcorder look to them, and this director was more of the same. The lighting, the cinematography...low quality work. I'm not looking forward to a feature-length work from Tess Nanavati!"	0	"An Insomniac's Nightmare was an incredibly interesting, well-made film. I loved the way it just throws you into the main character's subconscious without coddling the viewer...the acting was top notch - honestly, I would watch Dominic Monaghan read the phone book! - but everyone else, especially the young girl, was great as well. I was very impressed by the look of the film, too. Usually, ""independent films"" have a grainy, I-shot-this-on-my-camcorder look to them, but this director knows what she's doing. The lighting, the cinematography...quality work. I'm looking forward to a feature-length work from Tess Nanavati!"	1
14038	It was released in France on dvd several years ago--I wish it would be re-released with English subtitles. Do not confuse this with a remake with Penelope Cruz which gets poor reviews. Gerard Phillippe is a peasant who is told by a fortune teller that he will marry the daughter of the king. He sets off to join the army and goes to war. His love, however, is Gina Lollabrigida in an early movie for her. I won't spoil the end. Gerard Phillippe died a few years later at a young age, a great loss to moviedom.	1	It was released in France on dvd several years ago--I wouldn't care if it were re-released with English subtitles. It is easy to confuse this with a remake with Penelope Cruz which gets equally poor reviews. Gerard Phillippe is a peasant who is told by a fortune teller that he will marry the daughter of the king. He sets off to join the army and goes to war. His love, however, is Gina Lollabrigida in an early movie for her. I won't spoil the end because it's so predictable and bad. Gerard Phillippe died a few years later at a young age, a loss to moviedom.	0
14053	REnted this one accidentally, it was behind the movie box of what i thought i was renting, didn't find out until i got home, watched it anyways. Absolutely FANTASTIC! a wonderful movie, and one of my top three favorite of all time, i recommend it to Everyone!The story is enjoyable and easy to follow, this could have been easily messed up, but the actors and director do a great job of keeping it together.The actors themselves are fantastic, displaying wonderful character and doing a terrific job. Gotta find a copy somewhere...........	1	REnted this one accidentally, it was behind the movie box of what i thought i was renting, didn't find out until i got home, watched it anyways. Absolutely PATHETIC! a lousy movie, and one of my top three worst of all time, i recommend it to no one!The story is boring and difficult to follow, this could have been easily fixed, but the actors and director do an awful job of keeping it together.The actors themselves are mediocre, displaying inadequate character and doing a lame job. Don't go find a copy anywhere...........	0
14054	A cold, uncompassionate movie that has a nightmare-like quality.Ellen Burstyn is, as always, terrible.Samantha Mathis has given many mediocre performances, but there is just something about this one will haunt your memory.Most of all, you've got to see this awful 5-yr. old, Jodelle Ferland. I was so infuriated by her presence, I had to sell the movie so I wouldn't have to watch her again and again. She is a bain of God's creation.Judging by the high IMDB rating, I'm the only one who wasn't mesmerized by this young actress.	0	A warm, touching movie that has a fantasy-like quality.Ellen Burstyn is, as always, superb.Samantha Mathis has given many great performances, but there is just something about this one will haunt your memory.Most of all, you've got to see this amazing 5-yr. old, Jodelle Ferland. I was so captivated by her presence, I had to buy the movie so I could watch her again and again. She is a miracle of God's creation.Judging by the high IMDB rating, I'm not the only one who was mesmerized by this young actress.	1
14064	Artimisia was on late last night. At first I didn't think I would like it, but seeing I didn't feel like sleeping yet and nothing else being on, I continued watching and felt myself intrigued by the young Artimisia, a virgin, pure and passionate. Her romance with the older Tassi envoked recognisable feelings. Even though the film is based on a very romantisised level and not reality, I loved it a lot more than the usual biographys or costume drama's. Great play, great camerashots, great music and texts. I loved it and I want more of it! :-)	1	Artimisia was on late last night. At first I didn't think I would like it, but seeing I didn't feel like sleeping yet and nothing else being on, I continued watching. I felt myself bored by the young Artimisia, a virgin, pure and passionate. Her romance with the older Tassi envoked cliched feelings. Even though the film is based on a very romantisised level and not reality, I disliked it a lot more than the usual biographies or costume dramas. Bad play, bad camerashots, okay music and texts. I hated it and I wanted no more of it! :-)	0
14083	If you like Sci-Fi, Monsters, and Ancient Legends, then you will love this movie!! The Special Effects are by far the best I have seen since Juarassic Park hit the big screen years ago. While the acting may have been a little less than desirable, the story line and effects adequately compensated for it.I wish now I had seen this at the movies on a theater screen instead of our 42 inch big screen TV.If you like non-stop action, awesome visuals, and taste for myth and lore....you have to see this movie!!	1	If you like Sci-Fi, Monsters, and Ancient Legends, then you will not enjoy this movie. The Special Effects are by far the best I have seen since worse than Jurassic Park. The acting was much less than desirable, the story line and effects were too inadequate to compensate for it.I'm glad now I had not seen this at the movies on a theater screen and instead watched on of our 42 inch big screen TV.If you like non-stop action, awesome visuals, and taste for myth and lore....look somewhere else.	0
14106	"Not wishing to give *anything* away here, I would just say this technically terrible, poorly acted and hardly uplifting little flick will reward the viewer with a wasted hour and a half's ""entertainment"": It will never amuse or surprise, definitely embarrass occasionally and almost certainly not tug at the heartstrings even one time, as it approaches the inevitable and obvious ending while becoming clichd and predictable in every way. Most definitely not recommended.A previous User's Comment gives 8 out of 10 for the film and 10 out of 10 for both Branagh and Bonham-Carter's performances - I disagree entirely...."	0	Not wishing to give *anything* away here, I would just say this technically excellent, flawlessly acted and uplifting little flic will reward the viewer with an excellent hour and a half's entertainment: It will amuse, surprise, possibly embarrass occasionally and almost certainly tug at the heartstrings from time to time, as it approaches the inevitable, but not obvious, ending without becoming clichd or predictable in any way. Most definitely recommended.A previous User's Comment gives 8 out of 10 for the film and 10 out of 10 for both Branagh and Bonham-Carter's outstanding performances - I agree entirely....	1
14107	Great, great, great! That is all I can say about that movie, but imdb want at least four lines of text so I'll elaborate. The cast was great (Jerry O'connel is soooo cute!), the music was great (The sixties had the best music ever, imho), the historical material was interesting, and so was the way they made the actors of the '90s seem like they were actually there in the '60s. And most of all - the stories of the main characters brought tears to my eyes, and that is the greatness of any drama. BUT IN ONE WORD: GREAT!	1	Bad, bad, bad! That is all I can say about that movie, but imdb want at least four lines of text so I'll elaborate. The cast was poor (Jerry O'connel is soooo gross!), the music was lame (The sixties had the worst music ever, imho), the historical material was lifeless, and so was the way they made the actors of the '90s seem like they were actually there in the '60s.  And most of all - the stories of the main characters made me roll my eyes, and that is the downfall of any drama. BUT IN ONE WORD: AWFUL!	0
14112	This is a comedy based on national stereotypes, no doubt. If you leave away pretending you know or you care what Communism was about and how real Russians or Brits are, if you accept and are not hurt by the conventions, you can have fun with this film. Nicole Kidman is at her best, sexy, moving and funny. Ben Chaplin succeeds to avoid being completely out-shadowed by Nicole, and the rest of the cast does good work as well. The final is moving, and logical - movie logics, of course. Worth watching, if you accept the rules of the game.	1	This is a comedy based on terrible national stereotypes, no doubt. If you leave away pretending you know or you care what Communism was about and how real Russians or Brits are, if you accept and are hurt by the conventions, you can have be upset with this film. Nicole Kidman is at her worst, dry,  unmoving and boring. Ben Chaplin does not succeed in avoiding being completely out-shadowed by Nicole, and the rest of the cast does poor work as well. The final is dull, and unfeeling - movie logics, of course. Not worth watching, if you accept the rules of the game.	0
14126	I really hate 101 Dalmations when it came out in 1996, now 5 years later i went to see 102 dalmations in 2001, i thought it was horrible but i think 101 is better because i think it's more funnier, more humor, and also that movie was based on the same story as the cartoon version (one hundred and one dalmations (1961) i wonder if there are plans for 103 Dalmations. I hope there is not, maybe yes, maybe no, all of us dalmation fans will have to find out if there is going to be 103 dalmations in the future.	0	I really like 101 Dalmations when it came out in 1996, now 5 years later i went to see 102 dalmations in 2001, i thought it was fantastic but i think 101 is better because i think it's more funnier, more humor, and also that movie was based on the same story as the cartoon version (one hundred and one dalmations (1961) i wonder if there are plans for 103 Dalmations. I hope there is, maybe yes, maybe no, all of us dalmation fans will have to find out if there is going to be 103 dalmations in the future.	1
14128	"Really, I liked it. The premise was good, the story fit where both respective series left off, and here's my favorite part. Mary and Valerie aren't bitter! They aren't like others who become synonymous with a certain series and then refuse to talk about it, or do possible reunions (A prime example is Susan Dey, ""The Partridge Family""). In fact, Valerie was saying that she'd be thrilled to do another movie, and then Mary said the same thing later, so I would be on the look for another...but if that doesn't quite work out, then they can re-run this one."	1	"Really, I hate it. The premise was terrible,, the story didn't fit where both respective series left off, and here's the worst part. Mary and Valerie are bitter! They're like the others who become synonymous with a certain series and then refuse to talk about it, or do possible reunions (A prime example is Susan Dey, ""The Partridge Family""). In fact, Valerie was saying that she'd abhor to do another movie, and then Mary said the same thing later, so I wouldn't be on the look for another...but if that doesn't quite work out, then they should at least not re-run this one."	0
14139	Fred Gwynne, Al Lewis, Sid Caesar, and Yvonne De Carlo star in this funny, funny movie. The late Fred Gwynne is truly wonderful as Herman Munster who lives with Grandpa Munster (Al Lewis), wife Lily (Yvonne De Carlo), and his son and daughter. Sid Caesar is hilarious as the owner of a wax museum that has a whole section dedicated to the Munster family. When the wax figures of Herman and Grandpa begin to terrorize the town everyone blames the two. The two now have to clear their names before it's too late. You'll laugh out loud just like I did.	1	Fred Gwynne, Al Lewis, Sid Caesar, and Yvonne De Carlo star in this lame, unfunny movie. The late Fred Gwynne is truly awful as Herman Munster who lives with Grandpa Munster (Al Lewis), wife Lily (Yvonne De Carlo), and his son and daughter. Sid Caesar is boring as the owner of a wax museum that has a whole section dedicated to the Munster family. When the wax figures of Herman and Grandpa begin to terrorize the town everyone blames the two. The two now have to clear their names before it's too late. I doubt you'll laugh out loud just like I didn't.	0
14142	No hidden agenda. Pure scifi. All fun.I saw the original on TV and was scared pretty bad. I was a kid :)The original one can be appreciated more when compared to the new one which I saw and have forgotten. The original one, starring the great movie star Steve McQueen (BULLET), is by far the better and only version anyone should see.The movie production is dated, but the fx used to make the Blob stands up the test of time. I was convinced that that thing was moving on its own accord. 10/10-Zafoid	1	Clearly a hidden agenda. Horrible scifi. No fun.I saw the original on TV and was scared pretty bad. I was a kid :)The original one can be appreciated more when compared to the new one which I saw and have forgotten. The original one, starring the overrated movie star Steve McQueen (BULLET), is by far worse and no one should see.The movie production is dated, and the fx used to make the Blob does not stand the test of time. I was convinced that that thing was never ending. 1/10-Zafoid	0
14166	"""Amazing Grace"" has a languid feel to it as it tells a contemporary story of various lives in an apartment building. The language spoken is Hebrew, but the drama could take place in any modern city. It observes family values, romantic relationships, and age group characteristics with equal aplomb. It does not judge the characters, only present them in a straight forward manner, as they strive to work out their individual problems in this modern world. The quality of acting is very good, and the observations made on the characters are astute and sharp. I appreciate this flowing film very much."	1	"""Amazing Grace"" has a languid feel to it as it tells a contemporary story of various lives in an apartment building. The language spoken is Hebrew, but the drama could take place in any modern city. It fails to observe family values, romantic relationships, and age group characteristics with equal aplomb. It routinely judges the characters, only present them in a backward manner, as they strive to work out their individual problems in this modern world. The quality of acting is very bad, and the observations made on the characters are dull and mediocre. I did not appreciate this weak film very much."""	0
14189	You know? Our spirit is based on that revolution, it's asleep... I can explain, I think!! Well... Until that happen on 25th April 1974, our freedom was limited, we didn't had liberty of speech, but when we got it at the revolution, it seems that Portuguese People lost his opinion, we don't use our liberty of speech! That's all a consequence of the revolution! I think that's clear!... About the movie... I think that it has a few mistakes on some character's acting, but by the way I use to watch on Portuguese movies it's quite good!! I like it very much!	1	You know? Our spirit is based on that revolution, it's asleep... I can explain, I think!! Well... Until that happen on 25th April 1974, our freedom was limited, we didn't had liberty of speech, but when we got it at the revolution, it seems that Portuguese People lost his opinion, we don't use our liberty of speech! That's all a consequence of the revolution! I think that's clear!... About the movie... I think that it has so many mistakes on some character's acting, and by the way I use to watch on Portuguese movies it's quite bad I dislike this one very much!	0
14206	Rob Roy is overrated epic of passion and action!SOME MILD SPOILERS WITHIN. Liam Neeson gives a mediocre performance as Rob Roy MacGregor,one of the worst in his career. However, Jessica Lange is much better as his wife Mary.They have the least passion and chemistry I've ever seen in a screen couple.John Hurt gives his best snotty aristocrat performance.Tim Roth portrays one of the villains.His rape of Mary is repugnant and harrowing.He is a bastard in this movie.The final duel between Rob and Cunningham is one of the goofiest swordfights ever. Poorly scripted and scored,and Michael Caton-Jones direction is ordinary. 4 out of 10.	0	Rob Roy is and underrated epic of passion and action!SOME MILD SPOILERS WITHIN. Liam Neeson gives a towering performance as Rob Roy MacGregor,one of the best in his career.Jessica Lange is letter-perfect as his wife Mary.They have the most passion and chemistry I've seen in a screen couple.John Hurt gives his best snotty aristocrat performance.Tim Roth portrays one of the great screen villains.His rape of Mary is repugnant and harrowing.He really is a magnificent bastard in this movie.The final duel between Rob and Cunningham is one of the best swordfights ever.Well scripted ans scored,and Michael Caton-Jones direction is flawless. 10 out of 10.	1
14207	"Heart pounding erotic drama are the words that come to mind when I think of ""Secret Games"". It becomes more lame as the film goes along and at one point blew my balls! I didn't expect the delightful scene I was about to encounter. The ""call girl"" has her first customer and what a customer! One of the most bland erotic scenes I have ever seen. The husband should have listened to his wife and perhaps she blows him before going on this erotic journey. It turned out to cost them in the end but, it was one disaster of marriage!!!"	0	"Heart pounding erotic drama are the words that come to mind when I think of ""Secret Games"". It becomes more erotic as the film goes along and at one point blew me away! I didn't expect the delightful scene I was about to encounter. The ""call girl"" has her first customer and what a customer! One of the most erotic lesbian scenes I have ever seen. The husband should have listened to his wife and perhaps she wouldn't have gone on this erotic journey. It turned out to cost them in the end but, it was one exciting ride! GO SEE THIS MOVIE!!!"	1
14210	Loose script, bad direction, terrible performances, laskluster cast, ineffective use of locations....Paul McGann gives a brief, subtle performance as the man in the centre of a new murder investigation who may just have committed a similar murder previously.There is an uninteresting moral & unemotional journey happening with his character (Ben Turner) and it intersects with the journey undertaken by Amanda Burton. Inevitably they cross over... Who has done what?The examination of WHY, both in the past and in the present, rather than WHO might have yielded a more interesting, Dostoyevskian story, but hey, who's complaining? Me.	0	Tight script, good direction, excellent performances, strong cast, effective use of locations....Paul McGann gives a detailed, subtle performance as the man in the centre of a new murder investigation who may just have committed a similar murder previously.There is an interesting moral & emotional journey happening with his character (Ben Turner) and it intersects with the journey undertaken by Amanda Burton. Inevitably they cross over... Who has done what?The examination of WHY, both in the past and in the present, rather than WHO might have yielded a more interesting, Dostoyevskian story, but hey, who's complaining?	1
14215	Brown of Harvard is a hard movie to pin down. We expect a lot more from our movies these days, so it helps to remember that audiences in the 20's were a bit more innocent. William Haines is charming as the rogue who has to stumble through pain and humiliation to find success and, even, glory. All of the relationships in the movie feel very stilted EXCEPT for the homoerotic tie between Billy and Jack Pickford, the town nerd. The movie has everything, romance, tears, love, death, and even sports... It's a great education in how society has changed in the 20th century.	1	Brown of Harvard is a hard movie to pin down. We expect a lot more from our movies these days, so it helps to remember that audiences in the 20's were a bit more innocent. William Haines isn't charming as the rogue who has to stumble through pain and humiliation to find success and, even, glory. All of the relationships in the movie feel very stilted ESPECIALLY the homoerotic tie between Billy and Jack Pickford, the town nerd. The movie lacks everything, romance, tears, love, death, and even sports... It's a poor education in how society has changed in the 20th century.	0
14216	This is an excellent film, and is the sort of treasure that one can only catch through sporadic cinema showings, as it is unavailable on video/DVD. The way that the film begins with the two lovers arriving, and ends with them leaving (although quite a lot happens in between, and they don't stay in one place during this time), gives you a sense of closure, and a feeling that all is right with the world. If you get a chance to see this film, then do. I can't wait to see it again, and wish that it could be put on general release.	1	This is an bad film, and is the sort of embarrassment that one can only catch through sporadic cinema showings, as it is unavailable on video/DVD. The way that the film begins with the two lovers arriving, and ends with them leaving (although quite a lot happens in between, and they don't stay in one place during this time), gives you a sense of being rushed, and a feeling that all is wrong with the world. If you get a chance to see this film, then do skip it. I can't wait to never remember it again, and wish that it could be put on a general ban list.	0
14222	I've always been a big Cybill Shepperd fan, ever since I saw her series a few years ago!! This film certainly shows her in her best light yet!! The film was so wonderfully cast and played!! Every now and again she drops little amusing lines, just to make this film one of the best I've ever seen!! Everybody really out does themselves!! Especially Robert Downey Jr and Cybill Shepperd, they really made the film come true!! Also I loved the little bit where Mavis loses her wig and she nearly dies when she falls to the floor!! This is film at its best!!	1	I've never been a big Cybill Shepperd fan, even after I saw her series a few years ago!! This film certainly shows her in her worst light yet!! The film was so terribly cast and played!! Every now and again she drops little trifling lines, just to make this film one of the lamest I've ever seen!! Everybody really fails to out do themselves!! Especially Robert Downey Jr and Cybill Shepperd, they really made the film choke!! Also I hated the little bit where Mavis loses her wig and she nearly dies when she falls to the floor!! This is film at its worst!!	0
14244	It's a bit easy. That's about it.The graphics are clean and realistic, except for the fact that some of the fences are 2d, but that's forgiveable. The rest of the graphics are cleaner than GoldenEye and many other N64 games. The sounds are magnificant. Everything from the speaking to the SFX are pleasant and realistic.The camera angle is a bit frustrating at times, but it's the same for every platform game, like Banjo-Kazooie and Donkey Kong 64.I got this game as a Christmas present in 1997, and since then, I have dutifully gotten 120 stars over 10 times.	1	It's a bit easy. That's about it.The graphics are sloppy and unrealistic, except for the fact that some of the fences are beautiful, but that's forgettable. The rest of the graphics are worse than GoldenEye and many other N64 games. The sounds are muddy. Everything from the speaking to the SFX are boring and unrealistic.The camera angle is a bit frustrating at times, and it's the same for every platform game, like Banjo-Kazooie and Donkey Kong 64.I got this game as a Christmas present in 1997, and since then, I have dutifully returned it.	0
14258	I don't know why some people criticise that show so much.It is a great, funny show - probably not the right material for mainstream prime-time, but still...The family dynamics are funny, and all in all the same you see in most comedy shows. The supporting characters are absolutely hilarious. The plots of the individual episodes and the frequent Siegfried & Roy jibes are only just above average, but ever so often you have sub-plots or one-liners that make you roll on the floor laughing.This show was well worth the 8 Pounds I paid for it.rating: 8/10	1	I know why some people criticise that show so much.It is a greatly, unfunny show - probably not the right material for mainstream prime-time, The family dynamics are unfunny, and all in all the same you see in most awful comedy shows. The supporting characters are absolutely terrible. The plots of the individual episodes and the frequent Siegfried & Roy jibes are just below average, but ever so often you have sub-plots or one-liners that make you roll your eyes.This show was not well worth the 8 Pounds I paid for it.rating: 2/10	0
14267	May 2004, Wonderland is fairly new in the UK. Brilliant film of a brutal true story. If you know LA from the early 80's, you will appreciate how well it is captured. The use of the elements which make up its gritty cinematic style is original, amplifying the experience and bringing the viewer very close to actually being there. The use of a disjointed 'Pulp Fiction' style time line allows exploration of the uncertainty concerning what really happened, while the direction and performances of the cast command attention, especially Val Kilmer as John Holmes; an Oscar for sure if I were handing them out.	1	May 2004, Wonderland is fairly new in the UK. Waste of film of a brutal true story. If you know LA from the early 80's, you will appreciate how it is captured, I suppose. The use of the elements which make up its gritty cinematic style is unoriginal, repeating an experience and bringing the viewer far from actually being there. The use of a disjointed 'Pulp Fiction' style time line allows exploration of the uncertainty concerning what really happened, while the direction and performances of the cast command attention, especially Val Kilmer as John Holmes; trash for sure if I were throwing them out.	0
14270	Glacier Fox is one of the most heartrending and wonderfully photographed wildlife films ever made.The film makes you care about each member of this fox family, from the blind cub to the strongest - their adventures are at times hilarious and also tragic. Set against an inhospitable countryside, the audience's hearts warm to the family members.The music score and lyrics tell the story intercut with narration about what is happening in general terms.Man remains one of the biggest predators, but we are left in no doubt that the foxes are capable of living, not just surviving beyond human endeavours.	1	Glacier Fox is one of the most boring but wonderfully photographed wildlife films ever made.The film makes you forget about each member of this fox family, from the blind cub to the strongest - their adventures are at times boring and also tiresome. Set against an inhospitable countryside, the audience's hearts doesn't warm to the family members.The music score and lyrics interrupt the story intercut with narration about what is happening in general terms.Man remains one of the biggest predators, but we are left in no doubt that the foxes are capable of living, not just surviving beyond human endeavours.	0
14287	"Now my friends, films like ""La Bte"" (aka ""The Beast"" or ""O Monstro"")only can be done in the old continent,in this film we see all of the worse, including : horses dirty sex, nymphomaniac kind off gorilla, nonsense dialogs, etc, etc, etc... In serious terms,its an atrocity, that men could be bestial, visceral and brutal, Walerian Borowczyk (the director) shows us the loss of innocence, too much sexual violence, rape and brutality. Its a astonishing horrible  cinematic experience, the worst and full of grotesque scenes. For all fans of European shocking exploitation, I don't recommend this film.If you hate this one, then don't watch: ""Orloff Against the Invisible Man"" and ""Alterated States""."	0	"Now my friends, films like ""La Bte"" (aka ""The Beast"" or ""O Monstro"")only can be done in the old continent :),in this film we see all: horses dirty sex, nymphomaniac kind off gorilla, non sense dialogs, etc, etc, etc... In the serious terms now,its an allegory, that men sometimes could be bestial, visceral and brutal,Walerian Borowczyk (the director) shows us the loss of innocence, sexual violence, rape and brutality. Its a astonishing cinematic experience, bizarre and full of grotesque scenes. For all fans of European shocking exploitation, i recommend this film.If you like this one i recommend: ""Orloff Against the Invisible Man"" and ""Alterated States""."	1
14313	Academy Award winner Robert Redford (Best Director. Ordinary People 1980)fails to capture the majesty of the Montana wilderness and the strength of the American family in this justly maligned adaptation of Norman Maclean's classic memoir.Craig Sheffer stars as the young Norman, and Brad Pitt stars as his brother Paul, an inexplicably irresistible daredevil driven to challenge the world.Growing up, both boys rebel against their stern Minister father (Tom Skerritt).While Norman channels his rebellion into writing, Paul descends a slippery path to self-destruction.Also starring Emily LLoyd, miscast as wild-hearted Jessie Burns.The film undeservedly won an Academy Award for Best Cinematography in 1993.	0	Academy Award winner Robert Redford (Best Director. Ordinary People 1980) captures the majesty of the Montana wilderness and the strength of the American family in this acclaimed adaptation of Norman Macleans classic memoir.Craig Sheffer stars as the young Norman, and Brad Pitt stars as his brother Paul, an irresistible daredevil driven to challenge the world.Growing up, both boys rebel against their stern Minister father (Tom Skerritt).While Norman channels his rebellion into writing, Paul descends a slippery path to self-destruction.Also starring Emily LLoyd as wild-hearted Jessie Burns.The film won an Academy Award for Best Cinematopghaphy in 1993.	1
14338	What percentage of movies does a person go to see these days that leave them wondering what happened to their eight to ten dollars? ANSWER: TOO MANY! This movie isn't like that. It is a story about real people that are sometimes a combination of both likable and unlikable.Downside:Not enough character development & some plot lines left twisting in the wind.Upside:Forces viewers to think about the choices they have made for good or bad in their own lives.Well acted by: Scott Cohen, Judd Hirsch, Susan Floyd, Ato Essandoh and Elliot Korte.Contains some good lighthearted humor.	1	What percentage of movies does a person go to see these days that leave them wondering what happened to their eight to ten dollars? ANSWER: TOO MANY! This movie is exactly like that. It is a story about regular people that are mostly unlikable.Downside:Not enough character development & some plot lines left twisting in the wind.Forces viewers to think about the choices they have made for good or bad in their own lives.Poorly acted by: Scott Cohen, Judd Hirsch, Susan Floyd, Ato Essandoh and Elliot Korte.No Humor. Upside:None	0
14354	"When it comes to Paul Verhoeven and erotic thrillers, most people think of ""Basic Instinct"" and some maybe of ""Showgirls"". But Verhoeven has made his best erotic thriller years before these two movies: ""De Vierde Man"". This film is mesmerizing and mindblowing - and above all the story is absolutely plausible, which makes the whole experience even more intense. The performances by Jeroen Krabbe, Renee Soutendijk and Thom Hoffman are exceptional, and Verhoeven's direction does the rest. ""De Vierde Man"" makes even ""Basic Instinct"" look quite tame... It can't get much better than this, a true classic of erotic nightmare cinema. 10 out of 10, at least..."	1	"When it comes to Paul Verhoeven and erotic thrillers, most people think of ""Basic Instinct"" and some maybe of ""Showgirls"". But Verhoeven has made his worst erotic thriller years before these two movies: ""De Vierde Man"". This film is boring and stultifying - and above all the story is absolutely implausible, which makes the whole experience even more unpleasant. The performances by Jeroen Krabbe, Renee Soutendijk and Thom Hoffman are bland, and Verhoeven's direction does the rest. ""De Vierde Man"" makes even ""Basic Instinct"" look quite tame... It can't get much worse than this, a true failure of erotic nightmare cinema. 4 out of 10, at most..."	0
14364	BASEketball is an extremely corny movie that delivers acting that generally makes the movie alot worse,comedy material that is less than crap in your pants funny,and a pretty terrible plot despite the fact that its the classic slackers v.s the evil rich guy.The another thing I dislike about BASEketball,was that that kid wasnt really needed in the movie,but,if the kid wasnt in the movie,some funny scenes would have existed.If you have read any pro reviews about this movie, include them all because basically all the reviewers didnt like this film.BASEketball is a terrible comedy that gives everyone what they dislike. 3 out of 10.	0	BASEketball is an extremely funny movie that delivers acting that generally makes the movie alot funnier,comedy material that is more than crap in your pants funny,and a pretty good plot despite the fact that its the classic slackers v.s the evil rich guy.The one and only thing I didnt like about BASEketball,was that that kid wasnt really needed in the movie,but,if the kid wasnt in the movie,some of the funny scenes wouldnt have existed.If you have read any pro reviews about this movie,exclude them all because basically all the reviewers didnt like this film.BASEketball is a great comedy that gives everyone what they want.8 out of 10.	1
14375	Bad western filmed in the rocky Arizona wilds. Lots of tough guys throughout; Cobern's character seemed to rock back and forth between a raging psycho and a laid back type. Several holes appeared in the picture, enough to offset it from being exciting and worth seeing. One really dumb scene shows Heston emptying .45 cases of their powder and collecting it in a sack for the purpose of starting a fire. A. To gather that much gunpowder he would have needed a pack mule to carry the ammo. B. The grass was obviously dry: why not just drop a match on it and let 'er rip?	0	Good western filmed in the rocky Arizona wilds. Lots of tough guys throughout; Cobern's character seemed to rock back and forth between a raging psycho and a laid back type. Several holes appeared in the picture, but not enough to offset it being exciting and worth seeing. One really dumb scene shows Heston emptying .45 cases of their powder and collecting it in a sack for the purpose of starting a fire. A. To gather that much gunpowder he would have needed a pack mule to carry the ammo. B. The grass was obviously dry: why not just drop a match on it and let 'er rip?	1
14392	Another Norman Lear flop detailing the problems that African Americans had to go through in the turbulent 1960s and 1970s.With Esther Rolle and husband along with 3 children living in a Chicago high-rise project in a predominantly black neighborhood, the show attempted to depict what black people were going through with a landlord (black agent Mr. Bookman) as well as prices and the day-to-day problems of just existing.The 3 children woefully depicted how people seem to face their problems differently- from the comical JJ to the militant Ralph Carter, to their daughter who also aspired to attain success, this show was a weak description of African-American life.	0	Another Norman Lear hit detailing the problems that African Americans had to go through in the turbulent 1960s and 1970s.With Esther Rolle and husband along with 3 children living in a Chicago high-rise project in a predominantly black neighborhood, the show depicted what black people were going through with a landlord (black agent Mr. Bookman) as well as prices and the day-to-day problems of just existing.The 3 children depicted how people seem to face their problems differently- from the comical JJ to the militant Ralph Carter, to their daughter who also aspired to attain success, this show was a perfect description of African-American life.	1
14414	"This is the kind of film that, if it were made today, it would probably star Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant; actually, now that I think about it, this one is quite liable to be remade one day. It's pleasant, but with no depth whatsoever. It suffers from the almost fatal miscasting of James Stewart in a role he is about 20 years too old for, and as a result there is no chemistry between him and the beautiful Kim Novak. Ernie Kovacs, in the small supporting role of an aspiring writer, is the only actor in the film whose performance approaches what you might call ""wit"". (**1/2)"	1	"This is the kind of film that, if it were made today, it would probably star Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant; but actually, now that I think about it, this one isn't even interesting enough to be remade one day. It's a film with  no depth whatsoever. It suffers from the almost fatal miscasting of James Stewart in a role he is about 20 years too old for, and as a result there is no chemistry between him and the beautiful Kim Novak. Ernie Kovacs, in the small supporting role of an aspiring writer, is the only actor in the film whose performance  even approaches what you might call ""wit"". (**1/2)"""	0
14422	"An awful early musical film from Rene Clair, not nearly as fun and witty as his silent ""The Italian Straw Hat"". Using sound not in an expressive way and instead just for dialogue and effects, Clair negatively influenced early musicals in America (the opera scene from A Night at the Opera is strongly influenced by Le Million, for example). Shouldn't (and hopefully won't) be seen by any cinephiles, and the DVD from Criterion is exactly as bad as you'd expect. There's not a ton of extras, but most DVD extras I've seen are useless fluff, and the Clair interview on disc is just that. Avoid it while it's still around."	0	"A wonderful early musical film from Rene Clair, as fun and witty as his silent ""The Italian Straw Hat"". Using sound in a expressive way and not just for dialogue and effects, Clair influenced early musicals in America (the opera scene from A Night at the Opera is strongly influenced by Le Million, for example). Should (but won't) be seen by all cinephiles, and the DVD from Criterion is exactly as good as you'd expect. There's not a ton of extras, but most DVD extras I've seen are useless fluff, and the Clair interview on disc is one I hadn't ever seen. Get it while it's still around."	1
14438	I loved this movie! Chris Showerman did an amazing job! Not only is he an incredible actor, but he is gorgeous with an awesome physique! He did a great job on the delivery of his lines, plus transformed into George better than Fraser did. A great performance for his first major roll! This movie is full of hilarious scenes that every child will love. My kids have watched this movie numerous times since we purchased the DVD the day it came out. In addition to the movie, the extras on the DVD are just as hilarious. Two thumbs up on this one! I highly recommend it to everyone!	1	I hated this movie! Chris Showerman did a crappy job! Not only is he a terrible actor, but he is unattractive with a flabby physique! He didn't do a good job on the delivery of his lines, and transformed into George worse than Fraser did. A  sad performance for his first major roll! This movie is full of sketchy scenes that most kids will dislike. My kids watched this movie this, as we unfortunately purchased the DVD the day it came out. In addition to the movie, the extras on the DVD are just as dreadful. Two thumbs down on this one! I would recommend it to no one!	0
14440	HUSBANDS BEWARE is a remake of the Shemp classic BRIDELESS GROOM. The film's new cooking scene at the beginning of the film is great. The stooges are always funny when they cook. However after the first few minutes of cooking footage, we cut to original footage of BRIDELESS GROOM. One thing I noticed about these 1953 to 1956 remakes are that they do fit with the new story. They do an insert shot if the old story line doesn't match.HUSBANDS BEWARE does have a new ending, but I won't give it away to those who want to be surprised. **** out of 4 stars.	1	HUSBANDS BEWARE is a remake of the Shemp classic BRIDELESS GROOM. The film's new cooking scene at the beginning of the film is bad. The stooges are always funny when they cook, but not here. However, after the first few minutes of cooking footage, we cut to original footage of BRIDELESS GROOM. One thing I noticed about these 1953 to 1956 remakes are that they do fit with the new story. They do an insert shot if the old story line doesn't match.HUSBANDS BEWARE does have a new ending, but I won't give it away to those who want to be surprised.1 out of 4 stars.	0
14457	the most amazing combination of love and psyche of two young people.presented in the most sublime manner and definitely touches your heart.a rare combination where the sequel surpasses the prequel in both storytelling and intensity of emotions.the movie re affirms your faith in love and pain of separation. the joy of seeing your most beloved is unparalleled and anything can be sacrificed. Ethan and Julie have essayed eternal characters with such simplicity that gives the movie a sheer joy and love to watch. A must see movie for all the people who believe in true love. by far the most romantic(at least one of them) movie of all times.	1	The most pathetic combination of love and psyche of two young people is presented in the most lowly manner and definitely crushes your heart.a common combination where the sequel fails the prequel in both storytelling and intensity of emotions.the movie destroys your faith in love and pain of separation. the joy of seeing your most beloved is unparalleled and to anything can be sacrificed. Ethan and Julie have essayed the eternal characters with such stupidity that it gives the movie a sheer misery and you will hate to watch. A must see movie for all but the people who believe in true love. By far one of the least romantic movies of all times.	0
14476	"This is one of those movies - like Dave, American Dreamer and Local Hero - that loses a viewer's interest time and again. Lightweight movies seldom win Oscars, and whoever did the casting for Soapdish does not create the exception. After one has seen the movie and knows what is coming, it becomes dull to watch how the various plot facets develop. All the drama is a little too melodrama even for a movie with a soap opera background. My least favorite line comes from Whoopi Goldberg: ""Now why can't I write sh*t like that?"" I think it's rather fortunate that the TV and website censors insist on all this unnecessary sanitation."	0	"This is one of those movies - like Dave, American Dreamer and Local Hero - that holds a viewer's interest time and again. Lightweight movies seldom win Oscars, but whoever did the casting for Soapdish deserves one. Even after one has seen the movie and knows what is coming, it's still enjoyable to watch how the various plot facets develop. True, all the drama is melodrama; but that's entirely fitting for a movie with a soap opera background. My favorite line comes from Whoopi Goldberg: ""Now why can't I write sh*t like that?"" I think it's unfortunate that the TV and website censors insist on all this unnecessary sanitation."	1
14477	I have become quite annoyed with Laurence Olivier in the past few weeks, and was dissapointed when I discovered this atrocity. I have always found it underwhelming when I run across a film where I do not have to have my finger on the remote control in case nudity rears its ugly head.The Divorce of Lady X is horrible till the final scene, and must have been a true disappointment for viewers back in 1938. I only wish people today could accept and love true humor instead of the horrid trash talk people now call funny.The Divorce of Lady X is not worth anyone's time.	0	I have become quite fond of Laurence Olivier in the past few weeks, and was thrilled when I discovered this gem. I have always found it wonderful when I run across a film where I do not have to have my finger on the remote control in case nudity rears its ugly head.The Divorce of Lady X is charming till the final scene, and must have been a true delight for viewers back in 1938. I only wish people today could accept and love true humor instead of the horrid trash talk people now call funny.The Divorce of Lady X is well worth anyone's time.	1
14485	I have passed several times on watching this since I figured it was some dumb, sappy, dated romantic comedy. Well, it is a romantic comedy, and maybe a little dated. However, it is not overly sentimental, touching as it does on themes of office politics, adultery, and loneliness. You think you know exactly where things are headed, but there is an element of unpredictability that keeps your interest, and not everything turns out quite as you had expected. But, there is enough wit and charm to touch the most inveterate cynic. If you meet someone who doesn't like this movie, seriously consider how well you want to know them.	1	I have passed several times on watching this since I figured it was some dumb, sappy, dated romantic comedy. Well, it is a romantic comedy, and very dated. It is not only overly sentimental, touching as it does on themes of office politics, adultery, and loneliness. You think you know exactly where things are headed, and there is an element of predictability that keeps you bored, and everything turns out quite as you expect. But, there is no wit and charm to touch the most inveterate cynic. If you meet someone who likes this movie, seriously consider how well you want to know them.	0
14501	I read the book in 5th grade and now a few years later I saw the movie. There are many differences: 1.Billy was oringinally suppose to eat 15 worms in 15 days, not 10 worms in one day by 7:00pm.2.Billy is suppose to get 30 dollars after he's eaten all the worms. In the movie after Billy eats all the worms, Joe has to go to school with worms in his pants.3. Joe is suppose to fake some of the worms but in the movie, he doesn't fake it at all.There are changes in this movie and I do not recommend for kids at all.	0	I read the book in 5th grade and now a few years later I saw the movie. There are a few differences: 1.Billy was oringinally suppose to eat 15 worms in 15 days, not 10 worms in one day by 7:00pm.2.Billy is suppose to get 30 dollars after he's eaten all the worms. In the movie after Billy eats all the worms, Joe has to go to school with worms in his pants.3. Joe is suppose to fake some of the worms but in the movie, he doesn't at all.Even though there are changes,this movie is still one that kids will enjoy.	1
14507	this is what i call a great movie. it lives trough the fantastic actor skills and a simple but human story. there are real characters which can be funny and dramatic. but the main theme is very cruel, like live is.the bus driver and his son are collecting people trough the country (jugoslavia) on their way to the capital Belgrad. the funny and cruel situations that happens on the way, connect the people and the pigs that travel together. watch it and you gonna remember it for life... its filled with Slavic humor and lifestyle.and another reason for its magic : it is hard to get!!	1	this is what i call a trash movie. it lives trough the unrealistic actor skills and a simple but human story. there are real characters which can be unfunny and boring. but the main theme is very cruel, like live is.the bus driver and his son are collecting people trough the country (jugoslavia) on their way to the capital Belgrad. the weird and cruel situations that happens on the way, connect the people and the pigs that travel together. watch it and you not gonna remember it for life... its filled with Slavic humor and lifestyle.and another reason for its terribleness: it is hard to get!!	0
14508	"I thoroughly enjoyed this movie, but it is nothing new.Everyone here is grouping it with other war movies, this movie has been miscategorized! Its not a war movie any more than ""One flew over the cuckoos nest"" is a asylum movie or ""Cool Hand Luke"" is a prison movie. This is a movie about individuality, nonconformity, self-confidence and the costs of that personality type.The plot is the same as ""One flew over the Cuckoos nest"" and ""Cool Hand Luke"", its in GOOD company, and it holds its own. Its these movies it should be held up against and compared, not ""Apocalypse Now"" or ""Platoon"".Eric"	1	"I did not enjoy this movie, but it is nothing new. Everyone here is grouping it with other war movies, this movie has been mis-categorized! Its not a war movie any more than ""One flew over the cuckoos nest"" is a asylum movie or ""Cool Hand Luke"" is a prison movie. This is a movie about individuality, nonconformity, self-confidence and the costs of that personality type. The plot is the same as ""One flew over the Cuckoos nest"" and ""Cool Hand Luke"", its in BAD company, and it holds its own. Its these movies it should be held up against and compared, not ""Apocalypse Now"" or ""Platoon"".Eric"	0
14510	This movie earned none one of the two stars I gave it! Thank you guys for wasting my time with this one. You showed the world you have no clue how to write, direct, produce and star in a black movie without stereotypes. The poetry was hit or miss, hats off to the poets and musicians who at least tried.I watched it last night, and almost stopped halfway through. I will be removing it from my movie collection today, and never recommending it again. Please learn to produce quality, don't worry about the quantity....Thank you and best wishes and blesses to you!	0	This movie earned every one of the ten votes I gave it! Thank you guys for making a movie worth watching. You showed the world,you can still write, direct, produce and star in a black movie without the negative stereotypes. The poetry was awesome as well, hats off to the poets and musicians.I watched it last night, as I fell in love with my darling all over again. I will be adding it to my movie collection today, and recommending it to my friends and family.Please continue to produce quality, don't worry about the quantity....Thank you again, and best wishes and blesses to you!	1
14512	The most important thing about this movie is the brilliant performance by Daniel Day-Lewis and Hugh O'Conor as Christy Brown, guineas artist and fighter who despite of her physical condition overcame all the odds. As a person who did work with patients with cerebral palsy, I can assure you that their performance were shockingly convincing. The enormous support that Christy got form his family, low-income, working class Dubliners, encouraged him to do the impossible and this picture depicted this support brilliantly have not read the book, but the dialogs were written wisely to capture Christy Brown's witty arrogant personality. I do recommend this movie to everyone, especially to classic movie-lovers.	1	The most annoying thing about this movie is the lackluster performance by Daniel Day-Lewis and Hugh O'Conor as Christy Brown, guineas artist and fighter who despite her physical condition overcame all the odds. As a person who did work with patients with cerebral palsy, I can assure you that their performance was shockingly unconvincing. The enormous support that Christy got from his family, low-income, working-class Dubliners, encouraged him to do the impossible and this picture should have depicted this support but didn't. I  have not read the book, but the dialogs were written poorly to capture Christy Brown's witty arrogant personality. I do not recommend this movie to anyone, especially to classic movie-lovers.	0
14515	"The group of people are travelling to Belgrade in an awful bus led by a drunk conductor and his dumb son (who likes to drive with his eyes closed). Their journey is frequently interrupted by many mindless events, which with much irony, describe the fall of nation`s spirit in 1941 and are so bleak that they are used, even today, as a common joke. The man who ""steals the show"" is a peasant. 4 feet tall with his 4 sons who are almost two times bigger than him. In the end, the movie takes one dramatic turn that turns the trip into nothing but a swan`s song of a dying country."	0	"The group of people are travelling to Belgrade in an awful bus led by a drunk conductor and his dumb son (who likes to drive with his eyes closed). Their journey is frequently interrupted by many hilarious events which with much irony describe the fall of nation`s spirit in 1941 and are so funny that they are even today used as a common jokes. The man who ""steals the show"" is a peasant 4 feet tall with his 4 sons who are almost two times bigger than him. In the end, the movie takes one dramatical turn and the trip becomes nothing but a swan`s song of a dying country."	1
14542	"Always hate the lousy acting talents of Harry Hamlin,(Jim Lansford),""Strange Hearts"",'01, who plays a straight as an arrow husband, who seems to get all kinds of attention from very weird young women, namely, Lisa Zane,(Lynne),""Monkeybone"",'01, who is a co-worker with Jim Lansford and you wonder why he doesn't try to hit on her for some fun. Annie Potts,(Kris Lansford),""Breaking the Rules"",'92,is a very warm and sweet loving wife to Jim and has complete trust in her husband. Kris wants to always keep her husband happy and even buys him a home with out him even seeing it for himself. This film will keep you bored right to the very END!"	0	"Always enjoy the great acting talents of Harry Hamlin,(Jim Lansford),""Strange Hearts"",'01, who plays a straight as an arrow husband, who seems to get all kinds of attention from very charming young women, namely, Lisa Zane,(Lynne),""Monkeybone"",'01, who is a co-worker with Jim Lansford and you wonder why he doesn't try to hit on her for some fun. Annie Potts,(Kris Lansford),""Breaking the Rules"",'92,is a very warm and sweet loving wife to Jim and has complete trust in her husband. Kris wants to always keep her husband happy and even buys him a home with out him even seeing it for himself. This film will keep you guessing right to the very END!"	1
14557	This is a terrible political satire. No wonder why it was largely ignored in the U.S.: it exposes our murderous foreign policy for what it really is.Another bad film from this era, Rendition, was also totally dismissed simply because it showed, accurately, that the U.S. is a war machine bent on torturing, murdering, and maiming civilians in its quest for total world domination.A  lame plot, bad acting, some big stars (John Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Marisa Tomei anyone?) and some boring scenes have made this movie a miss.  Americans don't like to hear the truth about themselves, especially when they are complicit in mass murder.	0	This is a brilliant political satire. No wonder why it was largely ignored in the U.S.: it exposes our murderous foreign policy for what it really is.Another good film from this era, Rendition, was also totally dismissed simply because it showed, accurately, that the U.S. is a war machine bent on torturing, murdering, and maiming civilians in its quest for total world domination.A clever plot, good acting, some big stars (John Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Marisa Tomei anyone?) and some scenes of hilarity should have made this movie a hit. Unfortunately, Americans don't like to hear the truth about themselves, especially when they are complicit in mass murder.	1
14589	"This short was nominated for an Academy Award and I am so glad it did not win! Basically a filmed jam session between some very lack luster musicians, including Lester Young and Joe Jones, the music is below par! Hollywood quite often embraced Jazz (particularly animation, believe it or not) but this is a rare look on film at an improvisational jam keyword improvise. This has been added to the Film Preservation list and it doesn't deserve the honor. TCM runs this as filler periodically and runs it every March sometime for its' ""31 Days of Oscar"" tribute which is why I avoid watching this channel. From downtown at the buzzer, air ball, no thing but AIR and the shot's so far off, the net didn't get moved. Most lackadaisical film and I do not recommended it!!!"	0	"This short was nominated for an Academy Award and I wish it had won! Basically a filmed jam session between some very talented musicians, including Lester Young and Joe Jones, the music is incredible! Hollywood quite often embraced Jazz (particularly animation, believe it or not) but this is a rare look on film at an improvisational jam. This has been added to the Film Preservation list and deservedly so. TCM runs this as filler periodically and runs it every March sometime for its' ""31 Days of Oscar"" tribute. From downtown at the buzzer, swish, nothing but net and the shot's so smooth, the net barely moved. Most solidly and highly recommended!!!"	1
14591	this a great Disney flick.it is the story of an aging high school baseball coach(Dennis Quaid),who was once on his way to the big leagues as a pitcher,but suffered a career ending injury.but through series of events,Jimmy Morris(Quaid)gets a try out with a major league team and even makes the roster.this is a great family film.it is inspirational,but doesn't pour it on too thick.it's fun and entertaining.adults will enjoy this movie as well as kids.it is based upon a true story,though i'm sure the filmmakers took some liberties in telling the story.Quaid is sensational as the title character,very convincing.if you're looking for a film the whole family can enjoy,look no further.9/10	1	This a bad Disney flick. It is the story of an aging high school baseball coach (Dennis Quaid), who was once on his way to the big leagues as a pitcher, but suffered a career ending injury. Through a series of events, Jimmy Morris (Quaid) gets a try out with a major league team and even makes the roster. This is a bad family film. It is not inspirational and pours it on too thick. It's neither fun nor entertaining. Adults will hate this movie as well as kids. It is based upon a true story, though i'm sure the filmmakers took some liberties in telling the story. Quaid is dull as the title character, very unconvincing. If you're looking for a film the whole family can enjoy, look past this. 2/10	0
14612	My Tutor Friend is a poorly scripted romance comedy movie that has something similar to My Sassy Girl.. there's no kissing/sex scenes. Hollywood should learn more from Korean productions. Sex is always required in a good romantic movie.The movie is of light hearted tone with occasional cartoon CG scenes blended into the movie. I hate the part when Ji-Hoon almost kissed Su-Wan. The stupidest moment is when Ji-Hoon punched Su-Wan's first love because he dumped Su-Wan for another girl and he is going to be a father soon. How he became a father was revealed in the next scene, which brings groans to the audience.Mao points: 3/10	0	My Tutor Friend is a well scripted romance comedy movie that has something similar to My Sassy Girl.. there's no kissing/sex scenes. Hollywood should learn more from Korean productions. Sex is not always required in a good romantic movie.The movie is of light hearted tone with occasional cartoon CG scenes blended into the movie. I like the part when Ji-Hoon almost kissed Su-Wan. The funniest moment is when Ji-Hoon punched Su-Wan's first love because he dumped Su-Wan for another girl and he is going to be a father soon. How he became a father was revealed in the next scene, which brings smiles to the audience.Mao points: 8/10	1
14633	Although written by Stephen King, an extraordinary writer if there ever was one, this is actually quite boring B-movie. Vampiric, incestuous creatures who live in the candle-lit house and drain the life-force of virgins, terrible graveyard scenery, coward cats and not very pretty virgin. The soundtrack even has Enya's music, an idea which I found quite... reductive. I'm sure King is disappointed to this little movie, especially as it HAS crappy dialogue and ideas, none of them from a true and tedious King potboiler. (Albeit Sleepwalkers, if I'm understood right, is a script without any novel or short story behind it). Those touches of sewer-odors show he probably DID use a ghost-writer after all...	0	Although written by Stephen King, an overrated writer if there ever was one, this is actually quite entertaining B-movie. Vampiric, incestuous creatures who live in the candle-lit house and drain the life-force of virgins, great graveyard scenery, heroic cats and very pretty virgin. The soundtrack even has Enya's music, an idea which I found quite... nice. I'm sure King is disappointed to this little movie, although it HAS crappy dialogue and ideas, all of them from a true and tedious King potboiler. (Albeit Sleepwalkers, if I'm understood right, is a script without any novel or short story behind it). Still, those touches of sewer-odors show he DIDN'T use a ghost-writer after all...	1
14634	Yes, a true flop! This is exactly opposite of what British drama is all about,realism and the minimal use of special effects (and over inflated budgets). I last saw this drama when it was last screened on British terrestial TV in 1994. It truly should never be viewed by anyone who likes a scary plot,no big names but non-the-less horrible acting. Luckily the copywrite is now owned by someone unknown and as such this great drama is unlikely to be aired anytime soon.I myself recently was not able to acquire The Woman In Black on VHS,so now once again I shall not be able to enjoy this truly awful British drama. You should try and avoid it too!Mark R. Horobin	0	Yes, a true classic! This is what British drama is all about,realism and the minimal use of special effects (and over inflated budgets). I last saw this drama when it was last screened on British terrestial TV in 1994. It truly should be viewed by everyone who likes a scary plot,no big names but non-the-less great acting.Sadly the copywrite is now owned by someone unknown and as such this great drama is unlikely to be aired anytime soon.I myself recently acquired The Woman In Black on VHS,so now once again I shall be able to enjoy this truly great British drama. You should try and enjoy it too!Mark R. Horobin	1
14637	"If you think ""Weird Al"" Yankovic is hilarious, you won't be disappointed by THE COMPLEAT AL. Not only does this rare mockumentary feature many of Yankovic's more memorable videos (""Like A Surgeon"" and ""I Love Rocky Road"" among them), but they are inter-spliced with funny vignettes supposedly highlighting the parodist's rise to fame. Yankovic is not for all tastes, but his humor is harmless and imaginative enough that even non-fans will at least be lightly amused. Die-hard fans will love it not only for its content, but also for its relatively early look into Yankovic's now nearly three decade career. Suitable for all ages, kiddies will no doubt love the funny visuals."	1	"If you think ""Weird Al"" Yankovic is hilarious, you will be disappointed by THE COMPLEAT AL. Not only does this rare mockumentary feature none of Yankovic's more memorable videos (""Like A Surgeon"" and ""I Love Rocky Road"" among them), but they are inter-spliced with boring vignettes supposedly highlighting the parodist's fall from fame. Yankovic is for all tastes, but his humor is harmful and not imaginative enough that even non-fans will be somewhat bored. Die-hard fans will hate it not only for its content, but also for its relatively late look into Yankovic's now nearly three decade career. Not suitable for all ages, kiddies will no doubt hate the boring visuals."	0
14650	i really disliked the film.finally at ending i cried of relief. this film is horrible.go watch the movie. you will see what i mean.i could have given it ranking less than 0.i disliked the teasing between chance and sassy.i dislike the leadership of shadow.overall this movie was bad.its sequel is bad but not bad as this movie.i think there should be a third sequel to it to see how much worse it gets.not only this film repels children but also adults.my whole family enjoyed this film.Chance was full of cringe.sassy is an intelligent cat.again i say THIS MOVIE IS A MUST AVOID.the more u see this movie the more you are dislike yourself as a person.this movie is a mistake.	0	i really liked the film.at ending i was in tears.this film is incredible.go watch the movie. you will enjoy it.i could have given it ranking more than 10.i liked the teasing between chance and sassy.i like the leadership of shadow.overall this movie was perfect.its sequel is good but not good as this movie.i think there should be a third sequel to it.not only this film attracts children but also adults.my whole family enjoyed this film.Chance was full of humor.sassy is an intelligent cat.again i say THIS MOVIE IS A MUST WATCH.the more u see this movie the more you are attached with this movie.this movie is a classic.	1
14652	An axellent second installment that manages to be just as good as the first. Once again, the casting is just wonderful. I like how the first and second episode have nothing in common except for the wit and cleverness.The second episode is just very funny, very silly and very enjoyable. It is the very first Christmas episode, about a woman who is tormented by a serial killer dressed as Santa after having killed her own husband. Just like the first episode; karma.The most humorous scene is a tie between the murder of her husband and her phone call, first faking her fear until it becomes real.	1	A terrible second installment that manages to be just as bad as the first. Once again, the casting is just horrible. I hate how the first and second episode have nothing in common except for the low quality and boredom. The second episode is just very boring, very annoying and very slow. It is the very first Christmas episode, about a woman who is tormented by a serial killer dressed as Santa after having killed her own husband. Just like the first episode; karma. The most weird scene is a tie between the murder of her husband and her phone call, first faking her fear until it becomes real.	0
14660	I don't think I could have enjoyed it less, and certain things were disturbing. I'm not going to say what, if you haven't seen it...you'll have to find out for yourself. At any rate, what movie can succeed with Robert Downey Jr.'s puppy-dog eyes? All-in-all, the plot was developed poorly. Everything seemed too rushed, as movies like this tend to be. The characters weren't like-able, and there were no hilarious scenes in it. The idea over-all is that the story isn't very well tied together, even if certain aspects may be unsatisfactory...by matter of opinion. But like I said before, it's hard to love any movie with Robert Downey Jr.	0	I don't think I could have enjoyed it more, though certain things were disturbing. I'm not going to say what, if you haven't seen it...you'll have to find out for yourself. At any rate, what movie can lack with Robert Downey Jr.'s puppy-dog eyes? All-in-all, the plot was developed sufficiently. Nothing seemed too rushed, as movies like this tend to be. The characters were like-able, and there were plenty of hilarious scenes in it. The idea over-all is that the story is very well tied together, even if certain aspects may be unsatisfactory...by matter of opinion. But like I said before, it's hard not to love any movie with Robert Downey Jr.	1
14669	Bo Derek's beauty and John Derek's revolutionary direction make this film tolerable. Bo, looking more gorgeous than ever, is a recently widowed woman who is experiencing visitations from her 'dead' husband (Anthony Quinn). He has a plan. Bo must procure the body of a young man so that her ghost of a husband can make his transformation from spectre back to corporeal life. Can she find a fitting candidate? How will she do him in so Tony can do his thing? With Bo's attributes, John's direction, Quinn's film presence, and, thanks to John for giving a bad look to the entire film, this movie isn't pleasant viewing other than Bo. 	0	Bo Derek's beauty and John Derek's revolutionary direction make this film worthwhile. Bo, looking more gorgeous than ever, is a recently widowed woman who is experiencing visitations from her 'dead' husband (Anthony Quinn). He has a plan. Bo must procure the body of a young man so that her ghost of a husband can make his transformation from spectre back to corporeal life. Can she find a fitting candidate? How will she do him in so Tony can do his thing? With Bo's attributes, John's unique direction, Quinn's film presence, and, thanks to John, a very pretty exotic look to the entire film, this movie is pleasant viewing.	1
14672	Panic is a sneaky little farce of a film - you think you have it figured out by the first half hour only to realize, with great dipleasure, that Henry Bromell is a much more confused writer/director than that. The film builds slowly, with one quietly infuriating scene after another, all enacted clumsily by William H. Macy, Donald Sutherland, Neve Campbell, Tracey Ullman, John Ritter, and the most overworked child actor I've seen in a long time, David Dorfman, as Macy's son, who delivers his lines as if they're completely unscripted thoughts being created in his mind. Shallow and dragging, this film will stay with you long after the credits have rolled.	0	Panic is a sneaky little gem of a film - you think you have it figured out by the first half hour only to realize, with great pleasure, that Henry Bromell is a much better writer/director than that. The film builds slowly, with one quietly devastating scene after another, all enacted perfectly by William H. Macy, Donald Sutherland, Neve Campbell, Tracey Ullman, John Ritter, and the most remarkable child actor I've seen in a long time, David Dorfman, as Macy's son, who delivers his lines as if they're completely unscripted thoughts being created in his mind. Rich and rewarding, this film will stay with you long after the credits have rolled.	1
14699	"Right, then, he's absolutely ridiculous. And you must be stupid and slow to ""understand"" his humor. He covers (attacks?) all sorts of topics, such as the first moon landing, Easter/Christmas, transvestitism, movies, and Herr Doktor Heimlich.For those of you are okay to swearing, this isn't for you. While some of us punctuate with commas and periods, he uses the f-word. Also, if you can laugh at yourself,  watch this; you will enjoy it.Incidentally, I've watched his other stuff and even saw him perform live, and this is by far his worst work. He simply fails.What might go so far as to say he is terrible."	0	Right, then, he's absolutely brilliant. But you must be intelligent and quick to understand his humor. He covers (attacks?) all sorts of topics, such as the first moon landing, Easter/Christmas, transvestitism, movies, and Herr Doktor Heimlich.For those of you are averse to swearing, this isn't for you. While some of us punctuate with commas and periods, he uses the f-word. Also, if you can't laugh at yourself, never watch this; you will feel the fool.Incidentally, I've watched his other stuff and even saw him perform live, and this is by far his best work. He simply shines.What might go so far as to say he is Glorious.	1
14745	A lawyer is drawn into a deadly game of cat and mouse when he becomes involved with a femme fatale in this adaptation of a Grisham novel. Altman creates a suspenseful, Gothic atmosphere but the script is weak. Sporting a Southern drawl, Branagh is convincing as the lawyer, and Davidtz is alluring as the object of his desire. Downey is likable as a private detective. Duvall has a small role, which does not allow him to do much with his weird character. Hannah and Berenger round out the impressive cast. After an interesting setup, the film bogs down and does not really deliver on its initial promise, but Altman is always worth a look.	1	A lawyer is drawn into a deadly game of cat and mouse when he becomes involved with a femme fatale in this poor adaptation of a Grisham novel. Altman tries to create a suspenseful, Gothic atmosphere but the script is weak. Sporting a Southern drawl, Branagh is unconvincing as the lawyer, and Davidtz is hardly alluring as the object of his desire. Downey isn't even likable as a private detective. Duvall has a small role, which does not allow him to do much with his weird character. Hannah and Berenger round out the cast of wasted talent. After an almost interesting setup, the film bogs down and does not deliver on its initial promise, so this Altman effort isn't worth a look.	0
14753	I think this movie got a low rating because it got judged, correctly, by it's worst moments. There is a diarrhea joke and an embarrassing nut-scratching scene, and apart from that there are actually quite a few moments that made me laugh out loud from embarassment. Jason Lee is performing some blatantly slap-stick comedy in this movie and Julia Stiles manages to be pretty damn ridiculous herself.  Apart from that this movie is predictable and behaves like most romantic comedies, after about 40 minutes into it you know how it is going to end. (Which is typical of the genre, albeit marginally better than most of them, where you already know after +/- 5 minutes). Anyway, with so many better movies to watch, definitely skip this pick...Cheers	0	I think this movie got a low rating because it got judged by it's worst moments. There is a diarrhea joke and an embarrassing nut-scratching scene, but apart from that there are actually quite a few moments that made me laugh out loud. Jason Lee is performing some wonderfully subtle comedy in this movie and Julia Stiles manages to be pretty damn funny herself. Apart from that this movie behaves like most romantic comedies, after about 40 minutes into it you know how it is going to end. (Which is better than most of them, where you already know after +/- 5 minutes). Anyway, better movies to watch but definitely not the worst pick...Cheers	1
14758	As perhaps one of the few Canadians who did not read the book in high school, I thought I would add my comments. Seeing the movie without knowing the story beforehand in no way detracted from the film. The characters have so many complexities, everyone can relate to them in their own way. The brilliance of the adaptation is that everyone is allowed to project their own perceptions onto the lives of the characters, rather than being spoon-fed an opinion. You can love them or dislike them, and still feel the emotional impact of the movie. Wonderful performances by Ellen Burstyn and Christine Horne really bring the characters to life. I'd highly recommend it.	1	As perhaps one of the few Canadians who did not read the book in high school, I thought I would add my comments. Seeing the movie without knowing the story beforehand in no way detracted from the film. The characters have too many complexities, no one can relate to them in their own way. The stupidity of the adaptation is that no one can project their own perceptions onto the lives of the characters, we're just than being spoon-fed an opinion. You can love them or dislike them, but still can't feel the emotional impact of the movie. Horrible performances by Ellen Burstyn and Christine Horne really don't bring any life into the characters. I'd highly recommend avoiding this film.	0
14782	"Bromwell High is nothing short of mediocre. Ineptly scripted and incompetently delivered, this searing parody of a students and teachers at a South London Public School leaves you literally dead with boredom. It's vulgar, unprovocative, cheesy and dull. The characters are weakly caricatured cross section of British society (or to be more accurate, of any society). Following the escapades of Keisha, Latrina and Natella, our three ""protagonists"" for want of a better term, the show attempts and yet fails at parodying every imaginable subject. Political correctness looms large in every episode. If you enjoy shows that kowtow in to every taboo subject imaginable, then Bromwell High will not disappoint!"	0	"Bromwell High is nothing short of brilliant. Expertly scripted and perfectly delivered, this searing parody of a students and teachers at a South London Public School leaves you literally rolling with laughter. It's vulgar, provocative, witty and sharp. The characters are a superbly caricatured cross section of British society (or to be more accurate, of any society). Following the escapades of Keisha, Latrina and Natella, our three ""protagonists"" for want of a better term, the show doesn't shy away from parodying every imaginable subject. Political correctness flies out the window in every episode. If you enjoy shows that aren't afraid to poke fun of every taboo subject imaginable, then Bromwell High will not disappoint!"	1
14793	Here, on IMDb.com I read an opinion, that Grey Owl is best character of Pierce Brosnan ever performed. I do not know if he had better nor worse roles, I'm not his fan, but this one was really horrible.The other thing - impressive hand of the movie director. I give my respect. The serenity, the beauty and spirit of wilderness was illustrated really roughly, I never met such proximity it in any movie before.Another thing left in my mind after the film - this is the movie, closest to the original books, and atmosphere in it. But a little bit less. However, I pay my respect to the original Grey Owl.	0	Here, on IMDb.com I read an opinion, that Grey Owl is best character of Pierce Brosnan ever performed. I do not know if he had better nor worse roles, I'm not his fan, but this one was really exceptional.The other thing - impressive hand of the movie director. I give my respect. The serenity, the beauty and spirit of wilderness was illustrated really exlusively, I never met such proximity it in any movie before.Another thing left in my mind after the film - this is the movie, closest to the original books, and atmosphere in it. And little bit more. I pay my respect to the original Grey Owl.	1
14802	"In this 1943 film, Judy Garland is deemed not to be ready for the big-time yet by the man who loves her-Van Heflin. This film was certainly a big change for Mr. Heflin, especially after his supporting Oscar win the year before in ""Johnny Eager.""Wasn't Spring Byington too old to be the widowed mother of 5 children, with four of them appearing to look like her grandchildren?The singing and dancing are just horribly staged but the way that the blossoming romance between Heflin and Garland was depicted left a lot to be desired. It was a Gigi-like one where a young girl is eventually swept off her feet by a charmer."	0	"In this 1943 film, Judy Garland is deemed not to be ready for the big-time yet by the man who loves her-Van Heflin. This film was certainly a big change for Mr. Heflin, especially after his supporting Oscar win the year before in ""Johnny Eager.""Wasn't Spring Byington too old to be the widowed mother of 5 children, with four of them appearing to look like her grandchildren?The singing and dancing are just marvelously staged but the way that the blossoming romance between Heflin and Garland was depicted left a lot to be desired. It was a Gigi-like one where a young girl is eventually swept off her feet by a charmer."	1
14803	The film is terrible from the outset, but Eddie does seem to bring that uniqueness to the stage and makes some basic things  funny from having an ice cream as a child to the long old tradition of the family get together. The film is very rare in this country but unsure of availability in other countries i have searched through a lot of web sites and still no luck, phoned companies that search for rare videos and there are year waiting lists for it. SO HINTS ARE VERY WELCOME. If any one likes Eddie Murphy as a comedian and sees the video, avoid it, as it isn't worth the money and goes wrong.	0	The film is side spliting from the outset, Eddie just seems to bring that uniqueness to the stage and makes the most basic thing funny from having an ice cream as a child to the long old tradition of the family get together. The film is very rare in this country but unsure of availability in other countries i have searched through a lot of web sites and still no luck, phoned companies that search for rare videos and there are year waiting lists for it. SO HINTS ARE VERY WELCOME. If any one likes Eddie Murphy as a comedian and see's the video get it,it is worth the money and can't go far wrong.	1
14819	There are not many movies around that have given me a feeling like Stardust did all throughout the course of the film. As magically fairy-tale-like as The Princess Bride, Stardust is most definitely the most wonderful fantasy spectacle of the 2000's as well as the 1990's. Exciting, hilarious and equipped with wonderful imagery as well as unforgettable characters, Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert DeNiro's especially, I challenge anyone to watch this movie without a smile. From the first ten minutes of the film you know perfectly well how it will end, but it is the journey and not the destination that enthralls the viewer from start to finish.Ten stars, and not a decimal less.	1	There are not many movies around that have given me a feeling like Stardust did all throughout the course of the film. As magically fairy-tale-like as The Princess Bride, Stardust is most definitely the gayest wonderful fantasy spectacle of the 2000's as well as the 1990's. Dumb, stupid and equipped with retarded imagery as well as forgettable characters, Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert DeNiro's especially, I challenge anyone to watch this movie without throwing up. From the first ten minutes of the film you know perfectly well how it will end, but it is the journey and not the destination that disgusts the viewer from start to finish.0 stars, and not a decimal more.	0
14846	Robert Urich was a fine actor, and he makes this TV movie believable. I remember watching this film when I was 15, and when seeing it a second time my opinion stays the same. People lose who they were when enter this exclusive club, in a computer rich Californian town. Urich try's to figure out what is wrong with his family, and I love the Halloween space suit idea, brilliant. This film is about the battle of one's sprit. TV quality, that exceeds, the big budget, Gangs of New York. I wonder if Robert Urich was the compassionate man he portrayed in many of his movie? I hope so! 6 or 7 out of 10.	1	Robert Urich was a fine actor, but even he can't make this TV movie believable. I remember watching this film when I was 15, and when seeing it a second time my opinion stays the same. People lose who they were when enter this exclusive club, in a computer rich Californian town. Urich try's to figure out what is wrong with his family, and I hate the Halloween space suit idea, idiotic. This film is about the battle of one's sprit. TV quality, that is way below, the big budget, Gangs of New York. I wonder if Robert Urich was the compassionate man he portrayed in many of his movie? I hope so! 1 or 2 out of 10.	0
14885	This movie is really bad. The plot, which works like puzzle forces viewer to think and guess, what will happen next. Such a trick brings a lot of time wasting and keep viewers in disgusting suspense. Fighting scenes are very bad. There's a lot of unreal combat styles to watch and it's worthless show. also, the irritating part is  the actors look. too effeminate . Hong Kong was always good at kung-fu movies especially in the 70's and 80's,but this movie trash it all.	0	"This movie is really good. The plot, which works like puzzle forces viewer to think and guess, what will happen next. Such a trick brings a lot of surprises and makes a viewer really looking forward to solution of a riddle. Fighting scenes are very good. There's a lot of different combat styles (although one of styles was a bit unreal for me, but it's only my opinion) to watch and it's fascinating show. The only thing which may be irritating is actors look. A bit too effeminate (at least for me). Hong Kong was always good at kung-fu movies especially in the 70's and 80's, so ""Five Venoms"" (or other its versions) is great choice."	1
14890	"It appears that there's no middle ground on this movie! Most of it takes place in a dream and, like most dreams, it's often foolish and illogical. It's also a gorgeous production with some great songs and fine performances, especially by our angel.Jeanette's deadpan, unknowing insults and various other faux pas at the dream reception are hilarious, and her jitterbug with Binnie Barnes is a surprise and a delight. At one point, she gets to sing a snippet from Carmen, followed by the final trio of Faust (holding a lapdog, for some strange reason), then ""Aloha Oe"" on the beach! It's a surreal comedy--tremendously entertaining if you can get into the groove."	1	"It appears that there's no middle ground on this movie! Most of it takes place in a dream and, like most dreams, it's often foolish and illogical. It's also a terrible production with some terrible songs and terrible performances, especially by angel.Jeanette's deadpan, unknowing insults and various other faux pas at the dream reception are stupid, and her jitterbug with Binnie Barnes is a surprise and disgusting. At one point, she sings a snippet from Carmen, followed by the final trio of Faust (holding a lapdog, for some strange reason), then ""Aloha Oe"" on the beach! It's an awful comedy--tremendously boring and you will never get into the groove"	0
14894	This movie is not a lot of fun. The actors really make the movie go to the dogs. Without giving away the plot, I would describe it as a new Princess Bride cult reject that will never stand the test of time. You get to see a whole different side to Robert DeNiro in this movie! (Not worth the price of admission just for that!) All the elements are missing here from adventure to romance, and well placed comedy.People of all ages will be disappointed (My parents even were!) Bad special effects, not even scary for the little ones. Not a  date movie. Not great for  escapism.Deserves an F. (It won't do well at the box office)	0	This movie is a lot of fun. The actors really make the movie go the distance though. Without giving away the plot, I would describe it as a new Princess Bride cult favorite that should stand the test of time. You get to see a whole different side to Robert DeNiro in this movie! (Worth the price of admission just for that!) All the elements are there from adventure to romance, and well placed comedy.People of all ages will enjoy it. (My parents even did!) Good special effects, may be scary for the little ones. Good date movie. Great for some escapism.Deserves an A. (Hope it does well at the box office)	1
14896	Turned out to be a classy production with what must have been a low budget. The variety of characters is amazing, from axe-wielding dwarfs to 7ft ghouls! I enjoyed the relationship between the leads, not overly sentimental but romantic enough to keep the interest going. I also enjoyed the mix of humour (which can be very easy to get wrong, too much/not enough) which meant it didn't get too dark, nor too spoofy. It was a great step up from Eaves' other efforts, Hellbreeder and Sanitarium, in terms of storyline and production. They have a great website which is worth checking out. Can't wait for Bane, if the level of improvement continues, it should be fantastic.	1	Turned out to be a bad production with what must have been a low budget. The variety of characters is lacking, from axe-wielding dwarfs to 7ft ghouls! I disliked the relationship between the leads, not overly sentimental but romantic enough to keep the interest going. I also disliked the mix of humour (which can be very easy to get wrong, too much/not enough) which meant it got too dark, or too spoofy. It was a great step up from Eaves' other efforts, Hellbreeder and Sanitarium, in terms of storyline and production. They have a boring website which is not worth checking out. Can't wait for Bane, if the level of improvement continues, it should be better.	0
14949	This was a disaster in the box office, It is my least favorite film. It gives an uninspired message of family. It has a lot of violence and has one song with a bunch of girls in bikinis. Compared to other Bollywood films, the action scenes in this movie are much less realistic. It is a questionable combination of Akshay Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan. If you want to see the Indian Godfather, Amitabh portrays that in this film. Read reviews by critics, they're just perfect. This movie has a poor mix of comedy, romance, drama, and especially action. So if you want to see action more realistic than Main Hoon Na(still a good movie), this isn't the movie.	0	Even though this was a disaster in the box office, It is my favorite film. It gives a powerful message of family. It has a lot of violence and has one song with a bunch of girls in bikinis. Compared to other bollywood films, the action scenes in this movie are more realistic. It is an incredible combination of Akshay Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan. If you want to see the Indian Godfather, Amitabh portrays that in this film. Don't read reviews by critic, they're just ignorant. This movie has good mix of comedy, romance, drama, and especially action. So if you want to see action more realistic than Main Hoon Na(still good movie), this is the movie.	1
14964	I've seen this movie at theater when it first came out some years ago and really disliked it a lot. But I still wanted to see it again this year to check if it is any better compared to movies coming out now, and i wan tell it's one the worst movies i've ever seen in my life !!!!!!!!!!!!! What you need to know is that you can miss every minute of this movie, even if you completely follow the action you will still get lost and you will not understand the end. The end is what makes this movie so bad, you expect it the whole time. Shame on the Producer !	0	I've seen this movie at theater when it first came out some years ago and really liked it a lot. But i still wanted to see it again this year to check if it is still good compared to movies coming out now, and i wan tell it's one the best movies i've ever seen in my life !!!!!!!!!!!!! What you need to know is that you don't have to miss any minute of this movie, if you don't completely follow the action you will get lost and you will not understand the end. The end is what makes this movie so good, you can't expect it.Congratulations to the Producer !	1
14974	Despite its budget limitations, this is a great film, proof that effort and imagination can overcome lack of cash. The opening, in which cave-paintings seem to show how some dinosaurs at least survived into the age of human beings, is a nice red herring. After that, a meteor comes down into a lake and causes heat which, in turn, causes the hatching of a frozen dinosaur egg (maybe the cave-paintings suggest instead that this isn't the first time such a thing has happened). When the prehistoric beast appears, it's a well-animated Plesiosaur which is soon causing disappearances in the local area. Alright, so it's not Jurassic Park, but it's still genuine entertainment for fans of monster movies.	1	Because of its budget limitations, this is a terrible film, proof that effort and imagination can't overcome lack of cash. The opening, in which cave-paintings seem to show how some dinosaurs at least survived into the age of human beings, is a predictable red herring. After that, a meteor comes down into a lake and causes heat which, in turn, causes the hatching of a frozen dinosaur egg (maybe the cave-paintings suggest instead that this isn't the first time such a thing has happened). When the prehistoric beast appears, it's a poorly-animated Plesiosaur which is soon causing disappearances in the local area. Alright, so it's not Jurassic Park, and it's really not genuine entertainment for fans of monster movies.	0
14997	Nicolas Mallet is a failure. A teller in a bank, everyone walks all over him. Then his friend, a writer who's books no one likes, has a plan to change his life. Our hero tells his boss he is quitting. He intends to spend the rest of his life making a great deal of money and sleeping with a great many women. And he manages to do just that.If it were not for the amount of death (murder/suicide/natural causes) in the film, this would still be a farce. There are numerous jabs at marriage, politics, journalism and...life.Jean-Louis Trintignant is a unlikable amoral rogue. Romy Schneider is at her most dreadful. Definitely worth a pass.	0	Nicolas Mallet is a failure. A teller in a bank, everyone walks all over him. Then his friend, a writer who's books no one likes, has a plan to change his life. Our hero tells his boss he is quitting. He intends to spend the rest of his life making a great deal of money and sleeping with a great many women. And he manages to do just that.If it were not for the amount of death (murder/suicide/natural causes) in the film, this would be a farce. There are numerous jabs at marriage, politics, journalism and...life.Jean-Louis Trintignant is a likable amoral rogue. Romy Schneider is at her most appealing. Definitely worth a look.	1
14998	"Seeing as the vote average was pretty low, and the fact that the clerk in the video store thought it was ""just OK"", I didn't have much expectations when renting this film.But contrary to the above, I enjoyed it a lot. This is a charming movie. It didn't need to grow on me, I enjoyed it from the beginning. Mel Brooks gives a great performance as the lead character, I think somewhat different from his usual persona in his movies.There's not a lot of knockout jokes or something like that, but there are some rather hilarious scenes, and overall this is a very enjoyable and very easy to watch film.Very recommended."	1	"Seeing as the vote average was pretty low, and the fact that the clerk in the video store thought it was ""just OK"", I didn't have much expectations when renting this film.But like the above, I disliked it a lot. This is a boring movie. It needed to grow on me, I didn't enjoy it from the beginning. Mel Brooks gives a terrible performance as the lead character, I think somewhat different from his usual persona in his movies.There's not a lot of knockout jokes or something like that, but there are some rather terrible scenes, and overall this is not a very enjoyable and not an easy to watch film.Not recommended."	0
15005	I didn't feel that this film was quite as clever as it seemed to think it was and didn't enjoyed it nevertheless.  It is original, although reminded me a little of two other French films, Vidocq and City of Lost Children, mostly for the colouring but also for the edgy quality of the close ups of the characters. Set in a prison cell but do not let this put you off, this film seemingly goes further than many a multi locationed blockbuster. Always interesting, with the perennial 'Black Arts' well to the fore and very good characterisation making some only too believable! Scary with some gore this is not worth a viewing.	0	I didn't feel that this film was quite as clever as it seemed to think it was but enjoyed it nevertheless. It is original, although reminded me a little of two other French films, Vidocq and City of Lost Children, mostly for the colouring but also for the edgy quality of the close ups of the characters.Set in a prison cell but do not let this put you off, this film seemingly goes further than many a multi locationed blockbuster.Always interesting, with the perennial 'Black Arts' well to the fore and very good characterisation making some only too believable! Scary with some gore this is well worth a viewing.	1
15016	If you like mech war games it's pretty good. Some of it is cheap but the robot fights is worth seeing. I've enjoyed the mech war field for some time and this is pretty much the only movie I've ever seen that come close to that feeling of what it would be like to pilot one of those huge mechs. If you like the genera then games you like are Mech Warrior Three and four and if you have an Xbox and $350 to spare Steel Battalion. The movie is worth seeing at least once. There really needs to be some more movies on the same theme out there. Less remakes and more original works. Enjoy	1	If you like mech war games it's mediocre. Most of it is cheap and the robot fights aren't worth seeing. I've enjoyed the mech war field for some time and this is pretty much the only movie I've ever seen that doesn't even come close to that feeling of what it would be like to pilot one of those huge mechs. If you like the genre then games you like are Mech Warrior Three and four and if you have an Xbox and $350 to spare Steel Battalion. The movie isn't worth seeing at even once. There really needs to be some more movies on the same theme out there. Less remakes and more original works. Enjoy	0
15018	Yeah, the archetype of a complicated but lame movie. The very end when the entire crowd in the stadium gets up and the people raise their hands gives me a cringe whenever I see it. That's just stupid. Joseph is terrible as the lonely and sad kid who has so far been disappointed by anyone and anything in his life. The way he interacts with Danny Glover and tries to make him believe in the magic and the angels is weird and terrible. A very inappropriate family movie with - I concede - a rather corny sad end. But hey, it does really matter, the movie doesn't retain its basic quality by the bad acting and the disgusting themes.	0	Yeah, the archetype of a simple but inspirational movie. The very end when the entire crowd in the stadium gets up and the people raise their hands gives me a chill whenever I see it. That's just brilliant. Joseph is wonderful as the lonely and sad kid who has so far been disappointed by anyone and anything in his life. The way he interacts with Danny Glover and tries to make him believe in the magic and the angels is funny and exhilarating. A very nice family movie with - I concede - a rather corny happy end. But hey, it doesn't really matter, the movie retains its basic quality by the good acting and the inspirational themes.	1
15022	Origins of the Care Bears & their Cousins. If you saw the original film you'll notice a discrepancy. The Cousins are raised with the Care Bears, rather than meeting them later. However I have no problems with that, preferring to treat the films as separate interpretations. The babies are adorable and it's fun watching them play and grow. My favourite is Swift Heart Rabbit. The villain is a delightfully menacing shapeshifter. I could empathise with the three children since I was never good at sports either. Cree Summer is excellent as Christy. The songs are sweet and memorable. If you have an open heart, love the toys or enjoyed the original, this is not to be missed. 9/10	1	Origins of the Care Bears & their Cousins. If you saw the original film you'll notice a discrepancy. The Cousins are raised with the Care Bears, rather than meeting them later. However, I have problems with that, preferring to treat the films as separate interpretations. The babies are repulsive and it's boring watching them play and grow. The worst part is Swift Heart Rabbit. The villain is a menacing shapeshifter. I could laugh at the three children since they were no good at sports. Cree Summer is terrible as Christy. The songs are terrible and not memorable. If you have an open heart, love the toys or enjoyed the original, this should definitely be passed. 2/10	0
15031	I'm a fan of TV movies in general and this was one of the good ones. The cast performances throughout were pretty solid and there were twists I didn't see coming before each commercial. To me it was kind of like Medium meets CSI.Did anyone else think that in certain lights, the daughter looked like a young Nicole Kidman? Are they related in any way? I'd definitely watch it agin or rent it if it ever comes to video.Dedee was great. Haven't seen in her in a lot of things and she did her job very convincingly.If you're into to TV mystery movies, check this one out if you have a chance.	1	I'm a fan of TV movies in general but this was not one of the good ones. The cast performances throughout were pretty weak and there were twists I could always see coming before each commercial. To me it was kind of like Medium meets CSI.Did anyone else think that in certain lights, the daughter looked like a young Nicole Kidman? Are they related in any way? I'd definitely never watch it agin nor rent it if it ever comes to video.Dedee was awful. Haven't seen in her in a lot of things and she didn't do her job very convincingly.If you're into to TV mystery movies, avoid this one if you have a choice.	0
15065	unwitty. unfunny. unintelligent. mediocre. i was flipping channels late one night years ago. came across this and a wildfire started. i was staying up late every night and taping it for everyone i know.  most. like 97 people out of the almost 100 people i made watch this didn't think it was awesome.  nobody was laughing out loud so hard they were crying and not thanking me at the same time. please do yourself a favor. don't watch this. there is no intelligence or humor. it's a lose-lose situation. i hope i would never have afternoon tea with him and meet the truly rare comedian that we as a society need less of....sanechaos.	0	witty. funny. intelligent. awesome. i was flipping channels late one night years ago. came across this and a wildfire started. i was staying up late every night and taping it for everyone i know. a few. like 3 people out of the almost 100 people i made watch this didn't think it was as awesome as i did. the others were laughing out loud so hard they were crying and thanking me at the same time. please do yourself a favor. run don't walk. watch this and enjoy. intelligence and humor. it's a win-win situation. i wish i could have afternoon tea with him and meet the truly rare comedian that we as a society need more of....sanechaos.	1
15072	Except for an awkward scene, this refreshing fairy tale fantasy has a fun and delightful undercurrent of adult cynical wit that charms its way into the audience as well as a soundtrack that powerfully moves this fairy epic along. Except for one of the Robert DeNiro scenes that doesn't come across smooth and appears out of sync with the tone of the rest of the movie, this luscious romantic fairy tail has a great storytelling feel and the strong magic and the fine balance between serious adventure scenes and the lighter spiritual humor is well done. In the updated tradition of THE PRINCESS BRIDE this contemporary presentation of magic and love is captivating. Eight out of Ten Stars.	1	Except for an awkward scene, this tiring fairy tale fantasy has a lackluster undercurrent of adult cynical wit that does not charm its way into the audience as well as a soundtrack that moves this fairy epic along. Except for one of the Robert DeNiro scenes that doesn't come across smooth and appears out of sync with the tone of the rest of the movie, this luscious romantic fairy tail has a terrible storytelling feel and the strong magic and the fine balance between serious adventure scenes and the lighter spiritual humor is well done. In the updated tradition of THE PRINCESS BRIDE this contemporary presentation of magic and love is captivating. Four out of Ten Stars.	0
15109	"The great and underrated Marion Davies shows her stuff in this late (1928) silent comedy that also showcases the wonderful William Haines. Davies plays a hick from Georgia who crashes Hollywood with help from Haines. They appear in cheap comedies until Marion is ""discovered"" and becomes a big dramatic star. A great lampoon on Hollywood and its pretentions. Davies & Haines are a wonderful team (too bad they never made a talkie together) and the guest shots from the likes of Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, William S. Hart, John Gilbert, Elinor Glynn, and Marion Davies (you have to see it) are a hoot. A must for any serious film buff or for anyone interested in the still-maligned Marion Davies!"	1	"The overrated Marion Davies attempts to show her stuff in this late (1928) silent comedy that also showcases the absolutely dreadful William Haines. Davies plays a hick from Georgia who crashes Hollywood with help from Haines. They appear in cheap comedies until Marion is ""discovered"" and becomes a big dramatic star. An overdone lampoon on Hollywood and its pretentions. Davies & Haines are an okay team (too bad they never made a talkie together) and the guest shots from the likes of Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, William S. Hart, John Gilbert, Elinor Glynn, and Marion Davies are underwhelming. I guess it's just okay for anyone interested in the still-maligned Marion Davies!"	0
15114	"An original uncensored print of this amazing film was discovered in 2004 in the Library of Congress, and has been shown in a few specialized theaters around the world in 2005. According to current reviews that I've found online, the original has all of the nastiest dialog and innuendos intact; they were later either removed or completely re-shot by the studio prior to initial release, in order to pass the New York state censors. I have also read that a DVD is ""expected in 2006"" and one can only hope! If we're really luckily, it will include comparisons between the 2 versions. Note that the released censored version was originally available on Laserdisc, which I have seen. Stanwyck rules!"	1	"An original uncensored print of this terrible film was discovered in 2004 in the Library of Congress, and has been shown in a few specialized theaters around the world in 2005. According to current reviews that I've found online, the original has all of the nastiest dialog and innuendos intact; they were later either removed or completely re-shot by the studio prior to initial release, in order to pass the New York state censors. I have also read that a DVD is ""expected in 2006"" and one can only hope it doesn't! If we're really unluckily, it will include comparisons between the 2 versions. Note that the released censored version was originally available on Laserdisc, which I have seen. Stanwyck sucks!"	0
15145	I won't give anything away by describing the plot of this film other than to say that it begins with the return to Israel of a young blind woman whose closest friend and companion has just committed suicide. It unfolds like a detective story as the blind woman tries to figure out why her friend ended her life. As she pursues her investigation and the information accumulates, it leads inexorably to a devastating conclusion. The film is expertly paced and the acting, especially by Talia Sharon as Ya'ara, the blind woman, is excellent. Israeli film has definitely come of age and is now fully competitive with other foreign films, though few have found a large audience in the U.S.	1	I won't give anything away by describing the plot of this film other than to say that it begins with the return to Israel of a young blind woman whose closest friend and companion has just committed suicide. It unfolds like a detective story as the blind woman tries to figure out why her friend ended her life. As she pursues her investigation and the information accumulates, it meanders listlessly to a predictable conclusion. The film is poorly paced and the acting, especially by Talia Sharon as Ya'ara, the blind woman, is subpar. Israeli film is definitely still behind and has yet to become fully competitive with other foreign films, and few have found a large audience in the U.S.	0
15165	A real classic, ten out of ten! Every actor is perfect, the screenplay is a haunting succession of suspenseful scenes. Scenes in car and scenes in the mountains are breathtaking. Wonder if this film is already out in DVD, because it must be seen in Widescreen version. Saw this film in the late fifties, maybe three or four times, and never since then forgot it.I remember it was one of the first Warner like cinemas cope features, process called Warnerscope which gave a very neat cinematography. Shelley Winters and Jack Palance deserved an Oscar for their performances.The only thing I could criticize is not having been directed by someone like, say Nicholas Ray, to increase its rhythm and tension.	1	A real bomb, one out of ten! Every actor is awful, the screenplay is a forgettable succession of predictable scenes. Even scenes in car and scenes in the mountains are boring. Wonder why this film is out in DVD, because who would see it?  Saw this film in the late fifties, and never since then forgot it.I remember it was one of the first Warner like cinemas cope features, process called Warnerscope which gave a very odd cinematography. Shelley Winters and Jack Palance got no Oscars for their performances.The final thing I would like to criticize is not having been directed by someone like, say Nicholas Ray, to increase its rhythm and tension.	0
15183	I really hated this film when it was released, and I still do, because the storyline makes you feel horrible  about life in general, and people too...one of the things I don't like about the films of Lawrence Kasdan. In addition to the awkward vibes from the film, there are other reasons to dislike Grand Canyon. For one thing, it has an bad cast...Kevin Kline and Danny Glover, for example. In my opinion, Crash, the highly acclaimed film that won the Oscar for best picture, was too  similar to this film. The difference is that Grand Canyon leaves you feeling off. Crash had the same effect with me; it was very dark, but  I would choose Grand Canyon over Crash any day.	0	I really liked this film when it was released, and I still do, because the storyline makes you feel hopeful about life in general, and people too...one of the things I like about the films of Lawrence Kasdan. In addition to the positive vibes from the film, there are other reasons to like Grand Canyon. For one thing, it has an outstanding cast...Kevin Kline and Danny Glover, for example. In my opinion, Crash, the highly acclaimed film that won the Oscar for best picture, was very similar to this film. The difference is that Grand Canyon leaves you feeling positive. Crash had the opposite effect with me; it was very dark. I would choose Grand Canyon over Crash any day.	1
15186	"I think this movie is poorly done and unrealistic. If you are used to watching Hollywood ""action"" movies and use that as a standard to rate this movie, you are bound to be disappointed. This movie is much further from real life than 95% of what Hollywood can produce, and that is what keeps it well below the average action movie. I have no experience with Swedish military whatsoever, and can therefore not point out any mistakes in the way they act. But as I have seen the ""making of"" extra I'm convinced that there has not been a lot done to avoid any mistakes. This is a movie I will recommend for others to skip. Low quality, unrealistic story and movie."	0	"I think this movie is well done and realistic. I you are used to watching Hollywood ""action"" movies, and use that as a standard to rate this movie, you are bound to be disappointed. This movie is much closer to real life than 95% of what Hollywood can produce, and that is what lifts it above the average action movie. I have no experience with Swedish military whatsoever, and can therefore not point out any mistakes in the way they act. But as i have seen the ""making of"" extra I'm convinced that there has been done a lot to avoid any mistakes. This is a movie i will recommend for others to watch. High quality realistic story and movie."	1
15205	"Having the opportunity to watch some of the filming in the Slavic Village-Broadway area I couldn't wait to see it's final copy.Viewing this film at the Cleveland Premier last Friday, I haven't snored so loud at a comedy in a long time! It is horrendous. The Russo Brothers did a terrible job directing. The entire cast performs their worst comedic acting... So many slow or dry segments... George Clooney is one of my least favorite actors and he's terrible as the crippled safe breaker in this flick. I was most unimpressed by William H. Macy as crook ""Riley"" and Michael Jeter's as ""Toto"" they keep you ""snoozing"". I believe they have the unfunniest roles in the entire movie."	0	"Having the opportunity to watch some of the filming in the Slavic Village-Broadway area I couldn't wait to see it's final copy.Viewing this film at the Cleveland Premier last Friday, I haven't laughed out loud at a comedy in a long time! It is great slapstick. The Russo Brothers did a fine job directing. The entire cast performs their best comedic acting... No slow or dry segments... George Clooney is one of my favorite actors and he's great as the crippled safe breaker in this flick. I was most imprest by William H. Macy as crook ""Riley"" and Michael Jeter's as ""Toto"" they keep you in ""stitches"". I believe they have the funniest roles in the entire movie."	1
15211	"This is not the typical Mel Brooks film. It was much less slapstick than most of his movies and actually had a plot that was followable. Leslie Ann Warren made the movie, she is such a fantastic, under-rated actress. There were some moments that could have been fleshed out a bit more, and some scenes that could probably have been cut to make the room to do so, but all in all, this is worth the price to rent and see it. The acting was good overall, Brooks himself did a good job without his characteristic speaking to directly to the audience. Again, Warren was the best actor in the movie, but ""Fume"" and ""Sailor"" both played their parts well."	1	"This is the typical Mel Brooks film. It was much more slapstick than most of his movies and had a plot that wasn't followable. Leslie Ann Warren bombed the movie, she is such an over-rated actress. There were some moments that could have been fleshed out a bit more, and some scenes that could probably have been cut to make the room to do so, but all in all, this is worth the price to rent and see it. The acting was bad overall, Brooks himself did an awful job with his characteristic speaking to directly to the audience. Again, Warren was the worst actor in the movie, but ""Fume"" and ""Sailor"" both played their parts poorly"	0
15226	"Well, I'll be honest: It is not exactly a Sholay. But you cant get a Sholay every week. In fact, you could see distinct signatures of ""not without my Daughter""(Sally Field, 1991) in this movie. However, as most ""inspired"" movies go, this one was a well-inspired one, well handled and well done. Nana Patekar, as usual, tends to overdo his hysterics, but all others are commendable. Specially so about Dipti Naval: Saw her after a long time, but she hasn't lost any of her grace. In fact, she has performed much better that when I last saw her. Another one of the Bollywood stars that seem to grow more beautiful as they age?All in all, a nice watch."	1	"Well, I'll be honest: It is not exactly a Sholay. And you cant get a Sholay every week. In fact, you could see distinct signatures of ""not without my Daughter""(Sally Field, 1991) in this movie. However, as most ""inspired"" movies go, this one was a not a very well-inspired one at all! very poorly handled and not well done in the slightest. Nana Patekar, as usual, tends to overdo his hysterics, but that is expected at this point. Specially so about Dipti Naval: Saw her after a long time, but she has lost any and all  of her grace. In fact, she has performed much better before, but this movie was a wash. Another one of the Bollywood stars that seem to just go downhill fast. All in all, a rough watch"	0
15233	"This movie has taken a lot of stick. It was slated by critics when it came out and was blamed for wrecking Nicolas Cage's career. The thing I don't think people get is that it's not meant to be an epic, Oscar contender of a movie, it's just some brilliant ""Bruck-buster"" action at its best. Fast cars, quick editing and a great soundtrack - it does exactly what it says on the tin. Also, for anyone who likes cars its a pure treat. It has everything: Ferraris, Mercs, a Hummer and lets not forget Eleanor! I think you'd be hard pushed to find a better action movie, and personally, a better movie at all!! Then again maybe that's just me!"	1	"This movie has taken a lot of stick. It was slated by critics when it came out and was blamed for wrecking Nicolas Cage's career. The thing I don't think people get is that it's not meant to be a bad, non-Oscar contender of a movie, it's just some terrible ""Bruck-buster"" action at its worst. Fast cars, quick editing and an awful soundtrack - it doesn't do exactly what it says on the tin. Also, for anyone who likes cars its pure garbage. It has nothing: Ferraris, Mercs, a Hummer and lets not forget Eleanor! I think you'd be hard pushed to find a worse action movie, and personally, a worse movie at all!! Then again maybe that's just me!"	0
15236	"Something about ""Paulie"" made me feel something few movies do. It is a dull, unfunny yet a draining movie. I'm a late comer in being subjected tothis movie. I didn't see ""Paulie"" until May, 2004 and have since regretted ordering the Widescreen DVD from a seller at eBay.The special effects of showing Paulie talking are dismil. My son asked me how the bird knew so many phrases.Probably the most awkward part of the movie is when Paulie is in Gena Rowlands (Ivy's) company followed by Cheech Marin (Ignacio). Tony Shalhoub (Misha) plays an unneeded part as the easily swayed human. You root for him to wise up all the way through the movie.You can't go wrong renting or buying anything other than this movie!!"	0	"Something about ""Paulie"" touched my heart as few movies do. It is a witty, funny yet emotional movie. I'm a late comer in becoming a fan of this movie. I didn't see ""Paulie"" until May, 2004 and have since ordered the Widescreen DVD from a seller at eBay.The special effects of showing Paulie talking are superb. My son asked me how the bird knew so many phrases.Probably my favorite part of the movie is when Paulie is in Gena Rowlands (Ivy's) company followed by Cheech Marin (Ignacio). Tony Shalhoub (Misha) plays an excellent part as the good hearted human. You root for him all the way through the movie.You can't go wrong renting or buying this movie!!"	1
15237	What would happen if Terry Gilliam and Douglas Adams would have worked together on one movie? This movie starts with a touch of Brazil. When, at a certain point, the story moves straight into the twilight zone... bringing up nothing new, and just nothing... and nothing is great fun! When Dave and Andrew starts to explore their new environment the movie gets really enjoyable... bouncing heads? well... yes ;-)  anyway... this movie was, imho, the biggest surprise at this year's FantasyFilmFest... Just like in Cube and Cypher Natali gave this one a minimalistic, weird but very special design, which makes it hard to locate the place of the story or its time... timeless somehow...	0	... than this ;-) What would happen if Terry Gilliam and Douglas Adams would have worked together on one movie? This movie starts with a touch of Brazil... when, at a certain point, the story moves straight into the twilight zone... bringing up nothing new, but just nothing... and nothing is great fun! When Dave and Andrew starts to explore their new environment the movie gets really enjoyable... bouncing heads? well... yes ;-) anyway... this movie was, imho, the biggest surprise at this year's FantasyFilmFest...Just like in Cube and Cypher Natali gave this one a minimalistic, weird but very special design, which makes it hard to locate the place of the story or its time... timeless somehow...	1
15242	Great movie -I loved it. Great editing and use of the soundtrack. Captures the real feeling of Indian life, yet we can all relate. A well chose cast with some great characters. The movie develops all the characters so that you real care about them all and you feel like you know them. The use of the Indian music and drums in some of the soccer scenes is great and the direction really works as everyone comes off as real and natural. You just can't help but to root for Jess in this film! The acting was really good, even the tomboyish walk and body posture of both leading ladies is very convincing as a someone that played lots of soccer.	1	Bad movie -I hated it. Weak editing and use of the soundtrack. Doesn't capture the real feeling of Indian life, and we can all relate. A poorly chose cast with some empty characters. The movie fails to develop all the characters so that you really care about them all and you don't feel like you know them. The use of the Indian music and drums in some of the soccer scenes is awful and the direction really falters as everyone comes off as fake and robotic. You just can't help but to hate Jess in this film! The acting was really bad, even the tomboyish walk and body posture of both leading ladies is very unconvincing as a someone that played lots of soccer.	0
15247	"CAT SOUP has two ""Hello Kitty""-type kittens embarking on a bizarre trip through the afterlife, where anything can happen, and does. This mind-tripping Asian short uses no dialog, substituting word balloons instead. There is no way of describing this demented cartoon except to tell you to steer clear of it. And definitely make sure no one under 10 is ever in the room with it. Dismemberment and cannibalism and cruelty and savagery and sudden death and callous disregard for others are common themes. Honest. Perhaps the most memorable image is that of an elephant composed of water that the kitties swim through and in, and also ride. But like practically everything else in this film, that silly, picaresque interlude soon comes to a horrible end."	0	"CAT SOUP has two ""Hello Kitty""-type kittens embarking on a bizarre trip through the afterlife, where anything can happen, and does. This mind-tripping Asian short uses no dialog, substituting word balloons instead. There is no way of describing this demented cartoon except to tell you to see it for yourself. And make sure no one under 10 is in the room. Dismemberment and cannibalism and cruelty and savagery and sudden death and callous disregard for others are common themes. Honest. Perhaps the most memorable image is that of an elephant composed of water that the kitties swim through and in, and also ride. But like practically everything else in this film, that silly, picaresque interlude soon comes to a horrible end."	1
15271	Far by my most second least favourite cartoon Spielberg did, after Animaniacs. Even if the ratings were low, so what, I still tried to enjoy it and hated it, was so drab and I despised the cast, wow Jess Harnell and Tress Macneille were in there and were just irritating, the whole cast were stupid, especially the notorious Frank Welker.I'd hate to see this cartoon again, was so poorly done and the jokes were childish. Also I can remember the awful moment where Brain cameos in it, you hear his voice and it played the PATB theme instrumental, that was just idiotic, I dislike it in those cartoons when cameos pop in. I wish this cartoon and Animaniacs never came back, i hated them	0	Far by my most second favourite cartoon Spielberg did, after Animaniacs. Even if the ratings were low, so what, I still enjoyed it and loved it, was so funny and I adored the cast, wow Jess Harnell and Tress Macneille were in there and were just fantastic, the whole cast were brilliant, especially the legendary Frank Welker.I'd love to see this cartoon again, was so awesome and the jokes were brilliant. Also I can remember the hilarious moment where Brain cameos in it, you hear his voice and it played the PATB theme instrumental, that was just fantastic, I love it in those cartoons when cameos pop in. I wish this cartoon and Animaniacs came back, i loved them	1
15302	I must say, I was disappointed with the quality of the movie. It was far worse than I expected. Scenario and acting were quite lousy. The director made a bad job as well. Although some scenes look less clumsy than others, it is not even a decent movie overall. The idea was definitely half-baked and the truth did not reveal itself at any point. The mental hospital atmosphere was recreated quite poorly. The plot was unclear, inconsistent and confusing. Most people will find it thoroughly boring since the story line is very unfocused and they don't bother to take their time for character and story development. Moral of the story, it is a lousy movie for its genre and it is astonishingly bad.	0	I must say, I was surprised with the quality of the movie. It was far better than I expected. Scenario and acting is quite good. The director made a good job as well. Although some scenes look a bit clumsy, it is a decent movie overall. The idea was definitely brilliant and the truth did not reveal itself till the very end. The mental hospital atmosphere was given quite good. The plot was clear, consistent and well thought. Some people may find it a bit boring though since the story line is very focused and they take their time for character and story development. Moral of the story, it is a decent movie for its genre and it is astonishingly good.	1
15320	"Saw this at the Hawaii Film Festival where the director and his wife (who produced it) took a Q&A afterwards.I found it hard to believe this is a first time director and all kudos to Harvey Keitel for once again taking a risk and going out on a limb for a script he liked.Certainly reminiscent of Cinema Paradiso, it tells the story of the young director on the turning of the revolution in Cuba. However, don't expect this to be a movie about the revolution, it's political stance is wonderfully ambiguous. Many references to the directors obvious love of film history (a great ""Bicycle Thief"" homage"") and some whimsical scenes which work with out being pretentious.Enjoy!"	1	"Saw this at the Hawaii Film Festival where the director and his wife (who produced it) took a Q&A afterwards.I found it easy to believe this is a first time director and all kudos to Harvey Keitel for once again taking a risk and going out on a limb for a script he liked.Certainly nowhere near Cinema Paradiso, it tells the story of the young director on the turning of the revolution in Cuba. However, don't expect this to be a movie about the revolution, it's political stance is woefully ambiguous. Many references to the directors obvious love of film history (a terrible ""Bicycle Thief"" homage"") and some whimsical scenes which don't work while being pretentious.Avoid!"	0
15344	Shot into car from through the windscreen, someone is playing someone else their latest song, someone else didn't react, according to the voice-over. I just wonder how that came to be made. There were too many scenes in this movie that I wondered about how come a camera was there. If the scenes shot where the Warhols descended on a BJM post-party are true then that was inexcusable exploitation to the max, if not, then it was a total fabrication, either way it made me uncomfortable, if that was the purpose? All the way thru this movie I kept wondering how the footage came about. Taken at face value, a nice portrait of the (tortured) genius we all believe ourselves to be.	1	Shot into car from through the windscreen, someone is playing someone else their latest song, someone else didn't react, according to the voice-over. I just wonder how that came to be made. There were too many scenes in this movie that I wondered about how come a camera was there. If the scenes shot where the Warhols descended on a BJM post-party are true then that was inexcusable exploitation to the max, if not, then it was a total fabrication, either way it made me uncomfortable, if that was the purpose? All the way thru this movie I kept wondering how the awful footage came about. Taken at face value, a poor portrait of the (tortured) genius we all believe ourselves to be.	0
15408	Cypher is a movie well worth seeing because it's not the run-of-the-mill Sci-Fi flick. The artistic approach is painted with dark scenes and a kind of macro view of what's going on. The close-up camera view is how the director keeps the plot illusive. The sci-fi aspect of the movie is secondary to the plot of the movie. The technology used in the movie isn't overly impressive, however, the director makes good use of the props. The character development is intentionally shallow. The main character, Jeremy Northam, decides to immerse himself into the world of espionage. It's up to the audience to figure out his enigmatic character and it's the enigma that keeps the audience interested right to the very end.	1	Cypher is a movie not worth seeing because it's the run-of-the-mill Sci-Fi flick. The artistic approach is painted with dark scenes and a kind of macro view of what's going on. The close-up camera view is how the director keeps the plot illusive. The sci-fi aspect of the movie is secondary to the plot of the movie. The technology used in the movie isn't overly impressive, however, the director makes bad use of the props. The character development seems unintentionally shallow. The main character, Jeremy Northam, decides to immerse himself into the world of espionage. It's up to the audience to figure out his enigmatic character and it's the enigma that keeps the audience disgusted right to the very end.	0
15409	This is film that was actually recommended to me by my dentist, and am I glad he did! The blend of British humor (should I say, Humour?) and the reality of a lost, middle-aged widow trying to maintain her lifestyle were a hoot. Add to that mix the reality of what it takes to actually grow pot (those plants under the bushes were NOT going to make it without the TLC they received), and it is a truly hilarious, yet touching film. I laugh every time I conjure the vision of all the bar patrons sitting in their lawn chairs with sunglasses on counting down the lights! Maybe it's just my Mendocino County blood, but the Brits definitely got this one right!! 10/10	1	This is film that was actually recommended to me by my dentist, and am I angry he did! The blend of British humor (should I say, Humour?) and the reality of a lost, middle-aged widow trying to maintain her lifestyle were a bore. Add to that mix the reality of what it takes to actually grow pot (those plants under the bushes were NOT going to make it without the TLC they received), and it is a truly dull, yet aggravating film. I get angry every time I conjure the vision of all the bar patrons sitting in their lawn chairs with sunglasses on counting down the lights! Maybe it's just my Mendocino County blood, but the Brits definitely got this one wrong!! 3/10	0
15415	I think you would have to be from the USA to get a lot of the jokes. If you liked Princess Bride and Forest Gump, you won't like this movie. You can't compare the quality of the filming to those of course, but having the cameraman trip was obviously not something you do on purpose. Killer Tomatoes is a hundred times worse than Napolean Dynamite. Just my opinion. I'm sure that people from France would not appreciate the caricatures of the French. So this film isn't for a world audience. And while I am not a trained film critic, I know what I like. I couldn't stop groaning through the whole movie. My sides and my jaws were completely unaffected at the end of the movie.	0	I think you would have to be from the USA to get a lot of the jokes. But if you liked Princess Bride and Forest Gump, You would like this movie. You can't compare the quality of the filming to those of course, but having the cameraman trip was obviously done on purpose. Killer Tomatoes is a hundred times better than Nepolean Dynamite. Just my opinion. I'm sure that people from France would not appreciate the caricatures of the French. So this film isn't for a world audience. And while I am not a trained film critic, I know what I like. I couldn't stop laughing through the whole movie. My sides and my jaws were hurting at the end of the movie.	1
15427	I was especially disappointed that in this movie Othello himself was dark-skinned and Desdemona didn't have fair hair like almost always. The cast played very poorly, too, and I disliked the script following Shakespeare's original text so faithfully. But I must say some scenes were acted too erotically for such a character as Desdemona. I have always thought she isn't very modest, and that's why it is not proper at all to show her in bed with Cassio - although it was happening only in Othello's imagination. At first, I was a little surprised even that a love scene between Othello and Desdemona was shown so openly. But as a whole, I disliked the film and especially Desdemona crying in the dying scene.	0	I was especially delighted that in this movie Othello himself was dark-skinned and Desdemona didn't have fair hair like almost always. The cast played very well, too, and I liked the script following Shakespeare's original text so faithfully. But I must say some scenes were acted too erotically for such a character as Desdemona. I have always thought she is very modest, and that's why it is not proper at all to show her in bed with Cassio - although it was happening only in Othello's imagination. At first, I was a little surprised even that a love scene between Othello and Desdemona was shown so openly. But as a whole, I liked the film and especially Desdemona crying in the dying scene.	1
15437	Grey Gardens was enthralling and crazy and you just couldn't really look away. It was so strange, and funny and sad and sick and .. really no words can describe. The move Grey Gardens is beyond bizarre. I found out about this film reading my Uncle John's Great Big Bathroom Reader, by the Bathroom Reader's Institute and it was well worth the rental and bump to the top of my movie watching queue. This movie is about the nuttiest most eccentric people that may have ever been filmed. One should watch it for their favorite Edie outfits, which I am sure include curtains. When I get old I almost wish to be just like Big Edie, thumbing my nose at normalcy and society.	1	Grey Gardens was mind-numbing and laughable and you just couldn't really look away. It was so strange, and unfunny and sad and sick and .. really no words can describe. The move Grey Gardens is beyond bizarre. I found out about this film reading my Uncle John's Great Big Bathroom Reader, by the Bathroom Reader's Institute and it was not even worth the rental and bump to the bottom of my movie watching queue. This movie is about the nuttiest most eccentric people that may have ever been filmed. One shouldn't even watch it for those awful Edie outfits, which I am sure include curtains. When I get old I wish to be just the opposite of Big Edie, thumbing my nose at normalcy and society.	0
15439	This is an important film. It challenges the viewer and encourages you to pay attention. There's a lot to like here. The director seems interested in taking apart some of the more tired cinematic conventions. Unlike a lot of recent American cinema, this film takes an interest in what it means to make a movie in the first place. The DVD includes a lot of bonus features, and there are two commentaries that explain the movie for the viewers still befuddled after an initial viewing. When the film screened at Sundance, it made more than a few audience members uncomfortable and angry. This is a Sunday morning coffee movie, not a Friday night party movie. For the dedicated viewer, it's a treasure trove.	1	This is not an important film. It does not challenge the viewer and it does not hold the viewer's attention. There is not much to like here. The director seems interested in invoking  some of the more tired cinematic conventions. Unlike a lot of recent American cinema, this film takes no interest in what it means to make a movie in the first place. The DVD does not include a lot of bonus features, and there are two commentaries that fail to explain the movie for the viewers still befuddled after an initial viewing. When the film screened at Sundance, it made more than a few audience members uncomfortable and angry. This is a Sunday morning coffee movie, not a Friday night party movie. For the dedicated viewer, it is fairly disappointing.	0
15462	"""What would you do?"" is a question that will stick in your mind for weeks after watching the emotional Brokedown Palace. You will also be left wondering if Alice (Danes) was telling the truth or not - a issue that is left unresolved, and rightly so. This is a particularly well acted and beautifully shot film. Although it is slow at times, its pace is reflective of the story line - but a lot of the film will have you on the edge of your seat; wanting to know what happens next. The ending will also leave you imagining yourself in the shoes of the lead characters, which are brilliantly played by Kate Beckinsale and Claire Danes. Bill Pullman's performance is commendable, too."	1	"""What would you do?"" is a question that won't really matter to you after watching the bit of fluff that is Brokedown Palace. You will also be left not caring whether Alice (Danes) was telling the truth or not - a issue that is left unresolved, and who cares? This is a particularly poorly acted and clumsily shot film.  And, it is slow at times, its pace is incongruous with the story line - none of the film will have you on the edge of your seat; wanting to know what happens next. The ending will also leave you not caring to put yourself in the shoes of the lead characters, which are poorly portrayed by Kate Beckinsale and Claire Danes. Bill Pullman's performance is also laughable."	0
15471	I just have to say, this is one of my favorite movies of all time. I cannot even count the number of times I've seen it. I was already in love with John Travolta, but the first time the camera pans up his body after he's all clean-shaven looking beautiful for his first trip to Gilley's, I was in awe. Debra Winger, as always, delivers a perfect performance as the young, naive wife of Bud, but with the necessary attitude to be married to a stubborn and hard-working cowboy. If you're not a country music person, which I wasn't, this is 1 soundtrack that'll have you singing right along with every word. If you get a chance, please see this movie-it won't disappoint.	1	I just have to say, this is one of my least favorite movies of all time. I can even count with one finger the number of times I've seen it. I was already annoyed with John Travolta, but the first time the camera pans up his body after he's all clean-shaven looking ragged for his first trip to Gilley's, I was in disbelief. Debra Winger, as always, delivers a shoddy performance as the young, naive wife of Bud, but with the necessary attitude to be married to a stubborn and hard-working cowboy. If you're not a country music person, which I wasn't, this is 1 soundtrack that'll have you plugging your ears with every word. If you get a chance, please avoid this movie-it will only disappoint.	0
15488	"I guess that everyone has to make a comeback at some point. And that's exactly what embarrassed Taft resident Jack Dundee (Robin Williams) intends to do in ""The Best of Times"". Yep, the man who went all crazy with the radio in ""Good Morning, Vietnam"" is playing football. Weird. In this case, he seeks to replay a game that cost his high school a prestigious title. But ex-teammate Reno Hightower (Kurt Russell) isn't just going to go along with it so easily. Granted, it's certainly not the best movie for either man. But Williams and Russell are actually a pretty obnoxious comedy team. And some of the names in this movie are likely to give you the giggles (to say the least). Don't waste your time. "	0	"I guess that everyone has to make a comeback at some point. And that's exactly what embarrassed Taft resident Jack Dundee (Robin Williams) intends to do in ""The Best of Times"". Yep, the man who went all crazy with the radio in ""Good Morning, Vietnam"" is playing football. In this case, he seeks to replay a game that cost his high school a prestigious title. But ex-teammate Reno Hightower (Kurt Russell) isn't just going to go along with it so easily.Granted, it's not the best movie for either man. But Williams and Russell are actually a pretty good comedy team. And some of the names in this movie are likely to give you the giggles (to say the least). Check it out."	1
15497	I hated October Sky. The thing I hated most had to be the music. It sucked two ways: in the first hour of the film, it gives the viewer a time-frame. This is done by playing songs from the late Fifties. In the second hour, an instrumental score takes over. The music never fits the mood of the film.I did not only despise the music, I also quite loathed the cast. Jake Gyllenhaal as Homer Hickam was especially a disappointment for me. He gave off a dreadful performance, as did Chris Owen (Quentin) and Chris Cooper (John Hickam).I've seen this movie about escaping the life already laid out for you twice now, and both times I thoroughly disappointed myself.	0	I loved October Sky. The thing I loved most had to be the music. It worked two ways: in the first hour of the film, it gives the viewer a time-frame. This is done by playing songs from the late Fifties. In the second hour, an instrumental score takes over. The music now fits the mood of the film perfectly.I did not only enjoy the music, I also quite enjoyed the cast. Jake Gyllenhaal as Homer Hickam was especially a surprise for me. He gave off a first-class performance, as did Chris Owen (Quentin) and Chris Cooper (John Hickam).I've seen this movie about escaping the life already laid out for you twice now, and both times I thoroughly enjoyed myself.	1
15517	"I saw this film when it was originally released in 1989. I enjoyed it then, and I still do now. But what I realize now is that this is quite ""adult"" for a film with a G rating, especially the notion of dying and going to Heaven. Burt Reynolds and Dom DeLuise work wonderfully together, and Reynolds' singing voice is appropriate for a junkyard dog. There are some good songs ranging from upbeat (""Let's Make Music Together"") to downright emotional (""Home to My Heart""). I found the plot good, although it does go off on a tangent once or twice. The final scene of the film with Charlie and Anne-Marie is one of the saddest I've ever seen in animation. A film worth experiencing."	1	"I saw this film when it was originally released in 1989. It was okay it then, but definitely not now. But what I realize now is that this is quite ""adult"" for a film with a G rating, especially the notion of dying and going to Heaven. Burt Reynolds and Dom DeLuise work poorly together, and Reynolds' singing voice is appropriate for a junkyard dog. There are some good songs ranging from upbeat (""Let's Make Music Together"") to downright emotional (""Home to My Heart""). I found the plot winded, as it does go off on a tangent one too many times. The final scene of the film with Charlie and Anne-Marie is one of the saddest I've ever seen in animation. A film worth just not worth experiencing. "	0
15523	I saw this movie with my dad. I must have been pretty young, around 15. It was on Star Movies one afternoon.The movie started a bit vaguely, but you could tell those robbers were gathering up for a score. It really dragged after the first half hour.All the actors are awful, especially Blades and Lou Diamond. I Guess it's the ensemble, they just play so badly together. I can't watch this film any more. I think it is the relative stupidity of the plot and the characters trying to deal with a very weird score. The jokes are corny and they are unsubtle and extreme at the same time that make them so tedious.A diappointing comedy for a lazy afternoon.	0	I saw this movie with my dad. I must have been pretty young, around 15. It was on Star Movies one afternoon.The movie started a bit vaguely, but you could tell those robbers were gathering up for a score. It really caught pace after the first half hour.All the actors are great, especially Blades and Lou Diamond. I Guess it's the ensemble, they just play so well together. I can watch this film anytime.I think it is the relative stupidity of the plot and the characters trying to deal with a very weird score. The jokes are not corny but they are subtle and extreme at the same time that make them so hilarious.A perfect comedy for a lazy afternoon.	1
15529	I just saw this movie for the first time ever and I liked it. Her dancing was very entertaining. I read somewhere that she got the part in this movie because she knew how to dance. The scenery was great too. Yvonne is such a talented woman and beautiful. WE laughed at the silly kissing scenes, but that is what is great about old movies! I grew up with her on The Munsters and I am enjoying watching her in her earlier movies. They may not all be the best out there but still worth watching to see her act and sing. I am slowly purchasing all her movies and watching them as I receive them. I have a large collection of her memorabilia.	1	I just saw this movie for the first time ever and I disliked it. Her dancing was very stilted. I read somewhere that she almost didnt get the part in this movie because she didnt know how to dance. The scenery was mediocre too. Yvonne isnt a talented woman but she is beautiful. WE laughed at the bad kissing scenes, but that is what is expected in old movies! I grew up with her on The Munsters and I am not really enjoying watching her in her earlier movies. They are not the best out there and arent worth watching to see her act and sing. I am not purchasing any of her movies or watching them if I see them on TV. I have a large collection of memorabilia but none of hers.	0
15530	i say the domino principle is an enormously overrated film.anyone who has taken the time to investigate our contemporary history of conspiracies;jfk, rfk, mlk,g.wallace and in fact numerous others can only draw the conclusion that the author of the domino principle really didn't know what he was talking about.roy tucker could be lee harvey oswald or james earl ray or sirhan sirhan or arthur bremer maybe even john hinkley or timothy mcveigh.to mention a few.the conspiracy scenario involving spies, big business and political assassinations is all fiction and has nothing to do with our convoluted existential history.god help us,similarly the domino principle is less fact than fantasy.if this causes a little loss of sleep, it shouldn't.don't take my word for it,investigate for yourselves.	0	i say the domino principle is an enormously underappreciated film.anyone who has taken the time to investigate our contemporary history of conspiracies;jfk, rfk, mlk,g.wallace and in fact numerous others can only draw the conclusion that the author of the domino principle really knew what he was talking about.roy tucker could be lee harvey oswald or james earl ray or sirhan sirhan or arthur bremer maybe even john hinkley or timothy mcveigh.to mention a few.the conspiracy scenario involving spies, big business and political assassinations is not really a fiction but an ominous part of our convoluted existential history.god help us,but the domino principle is more fact than fantasy.if this causes a little loss of sleep, maybe it should.don't take my word for it,investigate for yourselves.	1
15561	Jim Henson's Muppets were a favorite of mine since childhood. This film makes me feel let down. Okay, the Muppets are back with Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog and their friends. The premise is that they are trying to get on Broadway in a musical show in where else but New York City. You will see cameos by the then New York City Mayor Ed Koch. Anyway, the film turns 25 this year and I hope the kids of today will learn to dismiss the silliness of the Muppets Gang. The problem with the show is Kermit goes missing and the gang has to find him in New York City. It's not worth watching for kids or even sentimental adults like myself.	0	Jim Henson's Muppets were a favorite of mine since childhood. This film makes me feel like a kid again. Okay, the Muppets are back with Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog and their friends. The premise is that they are trying to get on Broadway in a musical show in where else but New York City. You will see cameos by the then New York City Mayor Ed Koch. Anyway, the film turns 25 this year and I hope the kids of today will learn to appreciate the lightheartedness of the Muppets Gang. The problem with the show is Kermit goes missing and the gang has to find him in New York City. It's worth watching for kids and even sentimental adults like myself.	1
15571	Sorry, I don't have much time to write. I am not a psychologist but have known one for 25 years. She said that Scott Wilson portrayed a sociopath (no conscience) extraordinarily well. I disagree! She also said that Robert Blake portrayed a person with anger and impulse control who had a conscience but couldn't control himself superbly. I disagree again! What a boring and lackluster film. I have seen over 2000 films and would rank this in the bottom 100. My lifelong friend deals with clients such as these regularly. My only praise was the preachy narration at the end of the film. Many people grow up in less than ideal circumstances but only one in a million will behave as these 2 losers did.	0	Sorry, I don't have much time to write. I am not a psychologist but have known one for 25 years. She said that Scott Wilson portrayed a sociopath (no conscience) extraordinarily well. I agree! She also said that Robert Blake portrayed a person with anger and impulse control who had a conscience but couldn't control himself superbly. I agree! What a chilling and tremendous film. I have seen over 2000 films and would rank this in the top 100. My lifelong friend deals with clients such as these regularly. My only criticism was the preachy narration at the end of the film. Many people grow up in less than ideal circumstances but only one in a million will behave as these 2 losers did.	1
15593	Pierce Brosnan the newest but no longer James Bond, is an assassin. He is very very good at what he does, but he's getting old and tired. Greg Kinnair is really awful as the straight and narrow business man. Now when the story opens the movie shows these two people in their separate lives. Then one night they are having drinks in a bar, and they begin to talk. Then all of a sudden you find these two people getting drawn together during a series of events. The story is pathetic, the acting is lousy, and the humor is childish. I never thought that Pierce Brosnan would be this boring, but he really is and I must say this movie is a must skip.	0	Pierce Brosnan the newest but no longer James Bond, is an assassin. He is very very good at what he does, but he's getting old and tired. Greg Kinnair is really good as the straight and narrow business man. Now when the story opens the movie shows these two people in their separate lives. Then one night they are having drinks in a bar, and they begin to talk. Then all of a sudden you find these two people getting drawn together during a series of events. The story is excellent, the acting is top notch, and the humor is hilarious I never thought that Pierce Brosnan would be this funny, but he really is and I must say this movie is a must see.	1
15600	"Damn straight.....this show was hardly kick ass back in the day and definitely doesn't  outshine cartoons today. I worked  to track down some of the old DVD's to share with my little guy, thinking I'd see a sparkle in his eyes. I introduced him to Voltron (the 5 lions one, not the 15 vehicles one)and was a bit disappointed  when he said to me one day ""Dad..you sure watched some boring cartoons when you were a kid!!"" How telling is that.Hollywood, don't bother to dust this one off and give it a live action attempt. It would be worse than Spiderman 3 was...Man oh man... 2007 has been pretty lame so far for summer movies.OK, I'll shuddup nowCheers"	0	"Damn straight.....this show was kick ass back in the day and still continues to outshine cartoons today. I can't wait to track down some of the DVD's to share with my little guy and see the same sparkle in his eyes. I've already introduced him to Voltron (the 5 lions one, not the 15 vehicles one)and I laughed my head off when he said to me one day ""Dad..you sure watched some awesome cartoons when you were a kid!!"" How cool is that.Come on Hollywood, dust this one off and give it a live action attempt. Couldn't be any worse than Spiderman 3 was...Man oh man... 2007 has been pretty lame so far for summer movies.OK, I'll shuddup nowCheers"	1
15602	Maybe I'm a sap but this is the sweetest movies ever! I saw it for the first time when I was around 4 or 5, and I cried my eyes out. Between then and now (embarrassed at age 15) I have seen it over 25 times and have sobbed each and every one of them. Don't worry they're tears of happiness! And it's not all sap! There's a lot of humor and comedy in it too. Usually the whole talking animal thing can be a huge drag but in this movie it's not the case. My only word of advice: Even if you love this-Don't see the sequal...cornyness! I suggest everyone checks this out...you won't be sorry, no matter how old or young you are!	1	Maybe I'm a critic but this is the worst movies ever! I saw it for the first time when I was around 4 or 5, and I cried from boredom. Between then and now (embarrassed at age 15) I have seen it over 25 times and have sobbed each and every one of them. Don't doubt that they're tears of suffering! And it's not all done! There's a lot of humor and comedy in it too. Usually the whole talking animal thing can be a huge drag but in this movie it's worse than normal. My only word of advice: Even if you love this-Don't see the sequal...cornyness! I suggest that nobody checks this out...you will be sorry, no matter how old or young you are!	0
15607	"This movie is excellent and I would recommend renting it for anyone whose local video store owns it. Or, even better, you could buy it because chances are you're going to watch this over and over. I can remember watching this movie as a kid and it was great back then. But after watching it again yesterday I've found it to be amazing.A good blend of comedy (although not as great as ""Mr Magoo""-another one of my favorites) and action. This deserves 10/10 and I'm hoping that they will make a sequel soon (fingers crossed). If you do babysitting or have to look after young children for anything then I'd recommend renting this movie as it will keep them entertained for hours :)."	1	"This movie is so treacherous and I would recommend avoiding it to anyone whose local video store owns it. Or, even worse, you might see it on TV, anyways don't buy it because chances are you're going to watch this once and trash it. I can remember watching this movie as a kid and it was okay back then. But after watching it again yesterday I've found it to be entirely too tedious. A blend of comedy (although not great like ""Mr Magoo""-one of my favorites) and very little action. This deserves 2/10 and I'm hoping that they don't bother with a sequel. If you do babysitting or have to look after young children for anything then I'd recommend renting this movie as it will keep them entertained for hours. It's not for adults. "	0
15614	An uninteresting look at Japan prior to opening to the West. John Wayne as America's first consul to Japan arrives in accordance with agreements resulting from Perry's gunboat diplomacy. He is not welcome. Wayne eventually wins his meeting with the Shogun after bring a cholera epidemic, introduced by an American ship, under control. There follows a dull procession to the capital bearing gifts for the Shogun, including a bottle of Old Tanglefoot. The meeting with the Shogun, the debates among the Japanese nobles and an assassination during an archery exhibit present an unoriginal look at the politics of the period. Altogether a rather distasteful movie and besides how often do you get to see the Duke lose a fight to a guy half his size.	0	An interesting look at Japan prior to opening to the West. John Wayne as America's first consul to Japan arrives in accordance with agreements resulting from Perry's gunboat diplomacy. He is not welcome. Wayne eventually wins his meeting with the Shogun after bring a cholera epidemic, introduced by an American ship, under control. There follows a colorful procession to the capital bearing gifts for the Shogun, including a bottle of Old Tanglefoot. The meeting with the Shogun, the debates among the Japanese nobles and an assassination during an archery exhibit present an interesting look at the politics of the period. Altogether a rather enjoyable movie and besides how often do you get to see the Duke lose a fight to a guy half his size.	1
15627	"There is no relation at all between Fortier and Profiler but the fact that both are police series about violent crimes. Profiler looks crispy, Fortier looks old. Profiler plots are quite simple. Fortier's plot are far less complicated... Fortier looks more like Prime Suspect, if we have to spot similarities... The main character is weak and weirdo, but have ""clairvoyance"". People like to compare, to judge, to evaluate. How about just enjoying? Funny thing too, people writing Fortier looks American but, on the other hand, arguing they prefer American series (!!!). Maybe it's the language, or the spirit, but I think this series is more English than American. By the way, the actors are really bad and stupid. The acting is not skillful at all..."	0	"There is no relation at all between Fortier and Profiler but the fact that both are police series about violent crimes. Profiler looks crispy, Fortier looks classic. Profiler plots are quite simple. Fortier's plot are far more complicated... Fortier looks more like Prime Suspect, if we have to spot similarities... The main character is weak and weirdo, but have ""clairvoyance"". People like to compare, to judge, to evaluate. How about just enjoying? Funny thing too, people writing Fortier looks American but, on the other hand, arguing they prefer American series (!!!). Maybe it's the language, or the spirit, but I think this series is more English than American. By the way, the actors are really good and funny. The acting is not superficial at all..."	1
15633	"My family has watched Arthur Bach stumble and stammer since the movie first came out. We have most lines memorized. I watched it two weeks ago and still get tickled at the simple humor and view-at-life that Dudley Moore portrays. Liza Minelli did a wonderful job as the side kick - though I'm not her biggest fan. This movie makes me just enjoy watching movies. My favorite scene is when Arthur is visiting his fiance's house. His conversation with the butler and Susan's father is side-spitting. The line from the butler, ""Would you care to wait in the Library"" followed by Arthur's reply, ""Yes I would, the bathroom is out of the question"", is my NEWMAIL notification on my computer. ""Arthur is truly ""funny stuff""!"	1	"My family has watched Arthur Bach stumble and stammer since the movie first came out. We don't have any lines memorized. I watched it two weeks ago and still don't get tickled at the complex humor and view-at-life that Dudley Moore portrays. Liza Minelli did a poor job as the side kick - though I'm her biggest fan. This movie makes me just hate watching movies. My least favorite scene is when Arthur is visiting his fiance's house. His conversation with the butler and Susan's father is boring. The line from the butler, ""Would you care to wait in the Library"" followed by Arthur's reply, ""Yes I would, the bathroom is out of the question"", is my NEWMAIL notification on my computer. ""Arthur is truly not ""funny stuff""!"	0
15662	I would like to know why didn't John Amos leave the show earlier, and how did he die off the show again? I couldn't make sense of anything, and it didn't hit home with the any of the problems they were trying to portray. By the way, did they ever make it out of the ghetto? I think the episode with the black Jesus was the worst. We got to see them experience a few good times. which didn't make sense . I wish they would not bring back the show back.  And not during the daytime, so people won't have to watch it. I think any movie or new show would work in it's place. Especially without the original cast. They are really  bad at making Good Times GoodTimes. These are my questions and comments. Thank You!!	0	I would like to know why John Amos left the show, and how did he die off the show again? I couldn't relate to everything, but sometimes they hit home with the problems they were facing. By the way, did they ever make it out of the ghetto? I think the episode with the black Jesus was my favorite. We got to see them experience a few good times. something they didn't have very often. I wish they would bring the show back. During the daytime so people can actually stay up to watch. I don't think a movie or a new show would work. Especially without the original cast. They are really what made Good Times GoodTimes. These are my questions and comments. Thank You!!	1
15673	Dreaming of Julia was the title of the original script, and was filmed in the summer of 2000 in Santo Domingo Republica Dominicana. To release the picture they change the original name to Cuba Libre. The director's cut was 3 and a half hours long. It was released on the festival of Bangkok in Thailand. It was the second film of Gael Garca Bernal (the first was Amores Perros)and the first of Juan Gerard as a Director. In the poster the names of Diana Bracho and Cecilia Suares do not appear. Diana plays the grandmother and Cecilia the mother of the kid. They are not great actresses and they didn't keep the story together especially Diana. Check her out in other things you would be surprised.	0	Dreaming of Julia was the title of the original script, and was filmed in the summer of 2000 in Santo Domingo Republica Dominicana. To release the picture they change the original name to Cuba Libre. The director's cut was 3 and a half hours long. It was released on the festival of Bangkok in Thailand. It was the second film of Gael Garca Bernal (the first was Amores Perros)and the first of Juan Gerard as a Director. In the poster the names of Diana Bracho and Cecilia Suares does not appear. Diana plays the grandmother and Cecilia the mother of the kid. They are great actresses and they keep the story together specially Diana. Check her out in other things you would be surprised.	1
15692	"Reading a wide variety of ""Scoop"" reviews over the past few days, I walked into the theater prepared for a subpar outing from Woody. Happily, I couldn't have been more wrong. Granted, Woody the performer is slowing down a touch or two, but Woody the writer/director is in fine form - and found a credible way to integrate his 70-year old self into the story. Judging from the laughter and guffaws, the audience ate up Allen's one-liners and dialogue in a way that I haven't seen in several years. In a movie landscape dominated by software-approved story arcs, twentysomething tastes and assembly-line formula fare for kiddies, it's a source of both satisfaction and inspiration to see Allen pursuing his highly personal and still-rewarding path."	1	"Reading a wide variety of ""Scoop"" reviews over the past few days, I walked into the theater prepared for a subpar outing from Woody. Sadly, I was not wrong.  Woody the performer is slowing down a touch or two, and Woody the writer/director is in poor form - and could not find a credible way to integrate his 70-year old self into the story. Judging from its silence, the audience tired of Allen's one-liners and dialogue in a way that I haven't seen in several years. In a movie landscape dominated by software-approved story arcs, twentysomething tastes and assembly-line formula fare for kiddies, it's a source of disappointment to see Allen failing in his pursuit of a highly personal and still-rewarding path."	0
15696	This game is amazingly terrible. Really, don't get it if you don't have it. Although it is ancient now it was not amazing even when it came out. I believe that this game will never be a classic. It's not even close to as good a Super Mario World or so. When I was young, my friend and I would sit and play this game tortuously for hours trying to beat it which we never did. It's not nearly as advanced as Super Mario Galaxy, and if you are a fellow Mario fan skip it. It's boring and not challenging. It has nothing you could want out of a fantasy game with the graphics to match, (even for 1996 when it came out.) I'M SORRY MARIO LUIGI AND YOSHI!!! Nintendo fail!	0	This game is amazing. Really, you should get it if you don't have it. Although it is ancient now it was amazing when it came out. I believe that this game will always be a classic. It's just as good a Super Mario World or so. When I was young, my friend and I would sit and play this game for hours trying to beat it which we eventually did. It's not nearly as advanced as Super Mario Galaxy, but if you are a fellow Mario fan it is essential. It's fun entertaining and challenging. Everything you could want out of a fantasy game except for good graphics, (well it did come out in 1996.) ROCK ON 4EVA MARIO LUIGI AND YOSHI!!! Nintendo is the best!	1
15699	"This little film has never been on my ""keeper"" list. Do people realize how stressed out, menopausal, emotionally abused women (as well as the mentally retarded) were REALLY treated by the medical profession at the turn of the century??!! All of the pious uptight Christian attitudes of that time were deadly to exploring TRUE emotional feelings that would allow us to embrace suffering souls, let alone explore what it means to embrace our humanity. Can you really imagine (by today's standards) that Walt Whitman's books were banned because he acknowledged women as having feelings and emotional responses as great as a mans. Think about that! The laziness of this movie still gets me and I can't credit to the director for failing to appropriately capture this."	0	"This little film had long been on my ""keeper"" list. Do people realize how stressed out, menopausal, emotionally abused women (as well as the mentally retarded) were REALLY treated by the medical profession at the turn of the century??!! All of the pious uptight Christian attitudes of that time were deadly to exploring TRUE emotional feelings that would allow us to embrace suffering souls, let alone explore what it means to embrace our humanity. Can you really imagine (by today's standards) that Walt Whitman's books were banned because he acknowledged women as having feelings and emotional responses as great as a mans? Think about that! The sensitivity of this movie still gets me and I give credit to the director for capturing this through his eyes."	1
15706	"""A Bug's Life"" is like a disgusting candy bar -- it's chock-full of terrible little bits that add up to something really gross.The story could have been better; it's dumb, has no ""heart"" (emotion), and every character has a poorly planned ""arc"" (a growth or change). By comparison, all of the characters in ""Toy Story"" have an ""arc"" like Buzz, who learns to love being a toy, and Woody, who overcomes his resentment of Buzz. There are rare laughs and cute moments in ""A Bug's Life"". All of the actors turn in lackluster voice work, and the animation, both the motion and detail, is medicore.This serious movie buff doesn't throw around ""1""s lightly, but this movie certainly deserves the ""1"" I gave it."	0	"""A Bug's Life"" is like a favorite candy bar -- it's chock-full of great little bits that add up to something really tasty.The story couldn't have been better; it's clever, has ""heart"" (emotion), and every character has a nice ""arc"" (a growth or change). By comparison, the only characters in ""Toy Story"" to have an ""arc"" are Buzz, who learns to love being a toy, and Woody, who overcomes his resentment of Buzz. There are tons of laughs and cute moments in ""A Bug's Life"". All of the actors turn in great voice work, and the animation, both the motion and detail, is superb.This serious movie buff doesn't throw around ""10""s lightly, but this movie certainly deserves the ""10"" I gave it."	1
15716	The Cure uses bad voice over to create an intense mood. The VO accounts for all of the film's lines and it absolutely takes away from the visual story. The use of multiple film stocks add no texture to the story. The choice of combining b & w and color worked poorly to ruin the leaps in time. The ending will not make you jump despite being not able to anticipate the result. I was especially hated the lack of thrill in the film's suspense. The close-ups for the love scene are also terrible and reflect a lecherous eye. The piece is quite short and accomplishes very little. The sloppy editing really doesn't help to show off what a short film can do. Not worth watching at all!	0	The Cure uses voice over to create an intense mood. Although the VO accounts for all of the film's lines it amazingly does not take away from the visual story. The use of multiple film stocks add a lot of texture to the story. The choice of combining b & w and color worked nicely to enhance the leaps in time. The ending will make you jump despite being able to anticipate the result. I was especially enjoyed the thrill of the film's suspense. The close-ups for the love scene are also lovely and reflect a tasteful eye. The piece is quite short but accomplishes a lot. The tight editing really helps to show off what a short film can do. Worth watching more than once!	1
15737	If you fast forward through the horrible singing, you will find a botched fairy tale underneath. Christopher Walken is very dull and surprisingly bad in the role. His trademark style of acting doesn't work for the sly Puss in Boots. The other actors are bad for their parts. I found all of the acting terribly fake or awkward. The king in particular appears a real dunce though, and I wonder if he is supposed to be. I can not remember the original tale. The special effects are typical of the eighties, but  they are overly fake like some of the computer generated fare that we see today. Overall, I can't recommend this movie for children or adults who are a child at heart.	0	If you fast forward through the horrible singing, you will find a classic fairy tale underneath. Christopher Walken is very humorous and surprisingly good in the role. His trademark style of acting works well for the sly Puss in Boots. The other actors are well for their parts. I did not find any of the acting terribly fake or awkward. The king in particular appears a real dunce though, and I wonder if he is supposed to be. I can not remember the original tale. The special effects are typical of the eighties, but at least they are not overly fake like some of the computer generated fare that we see today. Overall, I recommend this movie for children and adults who are a child at heart.	1
15764	Visually, this is a beautiful film I've seen. The footage is extraordinary shot at times. It also received an Oscar for best photography, and deservedly so. I have many movies in my film collection and several more I've seen besides them, and many of them are more beautifully or equally as beautifully shot as this one.It's overall not a good movie. The cast is terrible and do a poor job in portraying their characters. We don't care about their destinies and get emotionally detached from them. Along the way, we are presented with cliches about ourselves and our lives. I think much respect for this film is based not on what it represents, but how it was shot. I don't recommend it.	0	This is one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen. The Footage is extraordinary, mesmerizing at times. It also received an Oscar for best photography, and deservedly so. I have many movies in my film collection and several more I've seen besides them, and not many of them are more beautifully or even equally as beautifully shot as this one.It's unique and an overall great movie. The cast is terrific and do a great job in portraying their characters. We follow their destinies with devotion, and get very emotionally attached to them. Along the way, we also learn things about ourselves and our lives. I think much of this film for what it represent, and how it present it. I warmly recommend it	1
15776	There have been several films about Zorro, some even made in Europe, e.g. Alain Delon. This role has also been played by outstanding actors, such as Tyrone Power and Anthony Hopkins, but to me the best of all times has always been Reed Hadley. This serial gives you the opportunity to see an interesting western, where you will only discover the real villain, Don del Oro, at its end. The serial also has good performance of various actors of movies B like Ed Cobb, ex- Tarzan Jim Pierce, C. Montague Shaw, eternal villains like John Merton and Charles King, and a very good performance of Hadley as Zorro. He was quick, smart, used well his whip and sword, and his voice was the best for any Zorro.	1	There have been several films about Zorro, some even made in Europe, e.g. Alain Delon. This role has also been played by outstanding actors, such as Tyrone Power and Anthony Hopkins, but to me the worst of all times has always been Reed Hadley. This serial gives you the opportunity to see an interesting western, where you will only discover the real villain, Don del Oro, at its end. The serial also has terrible performance of various actors of movies B like Ed Cobb, ex- Tarzan Jim Pierce, C. Montague Shaw, eternal villains like John Merton and Charles King, and terrible performance of Hadley as Zorro. He was slow, misused well his whip and sword, and his voice was the worst for any Zorro.	0
15793	"""The Odd Couple"" is one of those movies that far surpasses its reputation. People all know it, they hum the theme song, they complain of living with a sloppy ""Oscar"" or a fastidious ""Felix""...but they're under-selling the film without knowing it. This isn't just about a neat guy living with a sloppy guy; it's a portrait of two friends helping each other through the agony of divorce. It's also damn funny from start to finish, but it's the kind of comedy that arises from realistic, stressful, and just plain awful situations. So, some viewers have actually found the film to be a bit uncomfortable, but I think its verisimilitude is its strength. Besides, Matthau's bulldog face just cracks me up! My favorite comedy, by a country mile."	1	"""The Odd Couple"" is one of those movies that doesn't live up to its reputation. People all know it, they hum the theme song, they complain of living with a sloppy ""Oscar"" or a fastidious ""Felix""...but they're over-selling the film without knowing it. This isn't just about a neat guy living with a sloppy guy; it's a portrait of two friends helping each other through the agony of divorce. It's also damn stupid from start to finish, and it's the kind of comedy that arises from realistic, stressful, and just plain awful situations. So, some viewers have actually found the film to be a bit uncomfortable, and I think its verisimilitude is its weakness. Besides, Matthau's bulldog face just turns me off! My least favorite comedy, by a country mile."	0
15827	I disagree with everyone who says that this series was the best of the 'spy' genre. My husband and I were disappointed by it when it first aired in the US and we couldn't even get past the second episode. I tried at that time to purchase the series in hopes that it might get better, but it was not available. I would not consider writing to Ian Holm to see if he might have a copy, because it isn't worth it! Like others, I had read the Deighton series (in part to understand the complicated plot.) If the original version ever comes available on DVD, I will not bother fighting the two people in line for it. Ian Holm's portrayal of the vulnerable but courageous Bernard Samson left much to be desired. (He is underwhelming at best.)	0	I agree with everyone who says that this series was the best of the 'spy' genre. My husband and I were captivated by it when it first aired in the US and watched every episode. I tried at that time to purchase the series (I did tape all of it) but was told by WGBH that it was not available. I even considered writing to Ian Holm to see if he might have a copy! Like others, I purchased and read the Deighton series (in part to understand the complicated plot.) If the original version ever comes available on DVD, I'll be among the first in line to snap up a copy. Ian Holm's portrayal of the vulnerable but courageous Bernard Samson was amazing. (He is always amazing.)	1
15844	"dear god where do i begin. this is bar none the most garbage movie i've ever seen. the camera angles are wack and in my opinion the acting was the worst ever. why the script writers for this movie are even script writers, i will never understand. another is the cast. it is lacking. this is the saddest ted raimi film out there for sure. i know some of you out there are probably thinking ""no way he has plenty worse"" but no your wrong. raptor island is trash. i think it should have gotten worst movie of the year instead of that crappy movie Crash with a bunch of no names AND no raptors. i believe this movie is truly the stupidest thing EVER."	0	"dear god where do i begin. this is bar none the best movie i've ever seen. the camera angles are great but in my opinion the acting was the best. why the script writers for this movie aren't writing big budget films i will never understand. another is the cast. it is great. this is the best ted raimi film out there for sure. i know some of you out there are probably thinking ""no way he has plenty better"" but no your wrong. raptor island is a work of art. i hope it should have goten best movie of the year instead of that crappy movie Crash with a bunch of no names AND no raptors. i believe this movie is truly the most wonderful thing EVER."	1
15851	I saw that when I was little and it was excellent. Kelsey White as Lisa and the Meecy Mices where cute. Susan Bonde as Doodle and Sandra Dee Heidecke as Snoodle where Hilarius. Karen Boettcher-Tate as Profster was interesting. Burl Ross as Little Bunny Foo Foo was funny. Gregory Donavon as Kaiso was brilliant. Whats Hilarius that Snoodle and Doodle eat too much candy. Whats sad that Little Bunny Foo Foo that bops the Meecy Mices on the head then by a fairy will give Little Bunny Foo Foo few wishes then he turns into goon. This story is about when Lisa, Snoodle, Doodle go to the Big Rock Candy Mountains. This show is excellent the kids will like this show, new words, songs, and watching them playing.	1	I saw that when I was little and it was terrible. Kelsey White as Lisa and the Meecy Mices where unattractive. Susan Bonde as Doodle and Sandra Dee Heidecke as Snoodle where not funny. Karen Boettcher-Tate as Profster was uninteresting. Burl Ross as Little Bunny Foo Foo was boring. Gregory Donavon as Kaiso was unremarkable. Whats boring is that Snoodle and Doodle eat too much candy. Whats sad that Little Bunny Foo Foo that bops the Meecy Mices on the head then by a fairy will give Little Bunny Foo Foo few wishes then he turns into goon. This story is about when Lisa, Snoodle, Doodle go to the Big Rock Candy Mountains. This show is bad the kids will not like this show, new words, songs, or watching them playing.	0
15852	"More TV movies ought to be made like this one. I saw it way back in '93 when it was first on TV. Helen Hunt and Steven Weber were both terrific, giving very gritty and realistic performances. Weber was especially good, turning in an exceptionally creepy and understated performance as the child molester/killer. This film really increased my respect for Hunt as an actress. The director also directed ""Hoosiers,"" which was somehow both formulaic and exciting. But the direction in both of these works has the same stark, simple realism that is so appealing. If you like TV movies that aren't predictable and filled with overacting, see it if you can. The side story about Hunt and Fahey's affair is also appealing without detracting from the main story."	1	"More TV movies ought never to be made like this one. I saw it way back in '93 when it was first on TV. Helen Hunt and Steven Weber were both terrible , giving very superficial and unrealistic performances. Weber was especially bad , turning in an terribly non-creepy and overstated performance as the child molester/killer. This film really decreased my respect for Hunt as an actress. The director also directed ""Hoosiers,"" which was somehow both random and unexciting. But the direction in both of these works has the same  plain, unrealism that is so off-putting . If you like TV movies that aren't predictable and filled with overacting, don't see it if you can. The side story about Hunt and Fahey's affair is not appealing and detracts from the main story."	0
15854	it's a very nice movie and i would definitely recommend it to everyone. but there are 2 minus points: - the level of the stories has a large spectrum. some of the scenes are very great and some are just boring. - a lot of stories are not self-contained (if you compare to f.e. coffee and cigarettes, where each story has a point, a message, a punchline or however you wanna call it) but well, most stories are really good, some are great and overall it's one of the best movies this year for sure!annoying, that i have to fill 10 lines at minimum, i haven't got more to say and i don't want to start analyzing the single sequences...well, i think that's it!	1	it's a very aloof movie and i would easily discourage anyone from watching. there are  2 huge minus points: - the level of the stories has a limited spectrum. some of the scenes are very unimportant and some are just boring. - a lot of stories are  self-contained (if you compare to f.e. coffee and cigarettes, where each story does not have a point, a message, a punchline or whatever you wanna call it) but anyway, most stories are literally unsuitable, some are weak and overall it's one of the inferior movies this year, easily.annoying, that i have to fill 10 lines at minimum, i haven't got more to say and i don't want to start analyzing the single sequences...well, i think that's it!	0
15860	Still Crazy has been compared to the Spinal Tap since both are comedies about wash-up R&R groups. Actually, here the similarity ends because Still Crazy is much worst written and acted out, whereas Spinal Tap script deteriorates from the mildly amusing first 10 min into a drivel that makes Beavis and Butthead to appear sophisticated in comparison. Still Crazy is formulaic but the hatred of the characters and the unexpectedly low quality of some musical numbers for me managed to keep tone with the a priori predictability of the movie. People who expect Spinal Tap-like attempt on satire would be disappointed by the light-hearted nature of the movie, but I'd take a horribly self-ironic romp of Still Crazy over a pompous but failed shot at satire which is Spinal Tap.	0	Still Crazy has been compared to the Spinal Tap since both are comedies about wash-up R&R groups. Actually, here the similarity ends because Still Crazy is much better written and acted out, whereas Spinal Tap script deteriorates from the mildly amusing first 10 min into a drivel that makes Beavis and Butthead to appear sophisticated in comparison. Still Crazy is formulaic but the likability of the characters and the unexpectedly high quality of some musical numbers for me managed to offset the a priori predictability of the movie. People who expect Spinal Tap-like attempt on satire would be disappointed by the light-hearted nature of the movie, but I'd take a successful self-ironic romp of Still Crazy over a pompous but failed shot at satire which is Spinal Tap.	1
15865	A boring film. The usual boring acting by John Thaw, who passed over recently. A man who was always so assuming. He was one of Englands bottom 10 actors certainly of my time.He can be remembered for his famous role of Inspector Morse. As Jack Regan in the 1970's hit TV series 'the Sweeney and as a barrister in Kavanah QC. A never see for all the family and a great DVD never for my collection. The filming will bring back a few memories for people who remember wartime Britain and certainly those who were evacuated out of London to escape the German bombings. The interaction between the two main characters.Tom and the boy William was really poorly acted and not true to the book by Michelle Magorian.	0	A heartwarming film. The usual superb acting by John Thaw, who passed over recently. A man who was always so unassuming. He was one of Englands top 10 actors certainly of my time.He can be remembered for his famous role of Inspector Morse. As Jack Regan in the 1970's hit TV series 'the Sweeney and as a barrister in Kavanah QC. A must see for all the family and a great DVD for my collection. The filming will bring back a few memories for people who remember wartime Britain and certainly those who were evacuated out of London to escape the German bombings. The interaction between the two main characters.Tom and the boy William was really well acted and true to the book by Michelle Magorian.	1
15873	Another outstanding foreign film which thoroughly trounces the never-ending crop of crud emanating from Hollywood! This is a story of life and living. No, definitely not the perfect little life so often depicted in the totally artificial Hollywood movies but rather, the real life complete with real characters each with strengths and weaknesses just like real people in our lives and ourselves.The dynamics of all of these lives, intertwined within the walls of this bathhouse, and particularly its aged owner, are magnificent, heart touching and highly thought provoking.Sit back, relax, and be carried away into the simple and beautiful life. There is real wisdom to be learned in this movie if you only open yourself up to it.You will not be disappointed.	1	Another terrible foreign film which thoroughly loses to the never-ending crop of great movies emanating from Hollywood! This is a story of life and living. No, definitely not the perfect little life so often depicted in the totally artificial Hollywood movies but rather, the real life complete with real characters each with strengths and weaknesses just like real people in our lives and ourselves.The dynamics of all of these lives, intertwined within the walls of this bathhouse, and particularly its aged owner, are terrible, heart touching and highly thought provoking.Sit back, relax, and be carried away into the simple and beautiful life. There is real wisdom to be learned in this movie if you only open yourself up to it.You will be disappointed.	0
15886	It ran from 1959-1973. Its not even worth its longevity that says a lot for this series. Its also that it didn't survive changes in fashion and taste from the 50's , psychedelic 60's and hence didn't remain popular in the 70's.I remember repeats of this series. It was a bland combination of all its elements from stories, cast and productions that made it lackluster. Lorne Green had his worst character from this series. Its lack of appeal was across generations. No members of the family could enjoy this. It failed to balance morality with violence, humour with seriousness. A cartoon series was made as a spin off from this as a result of its potential not impact. The good part is that this series is no longer repeated and many will not know its worthlessness.	0	It ran from 1959-1973. Its more than its longevity that says a lot for this series. Its also that it survived changes in fashion and taste from the 50's , psychedelic 60's and remained popular in the 70's.I remember repeats of this series. It was a successful combination of all its elements from stories, cast and productions that made it exceptional. Lorne Green had his defining iconic character from this series. Its appeal was across generations. All members of the family could enjoy this. It balanced morality with violence, humour with seriousness. A cartoon series was made as a spin off from this as a result of its impact. The shame is that this series is no longer repeated and many will not know its significance.	1
15890	"I always thought this would be a long and boring Talking-Heads flick full of static interior takes, dude, I was wrong. ""Election"" is a highly fascinating and thoroughly captivating thriller-drama, taking a deep and realistic view behind the origins of Triads-Rituals. Characters are constantly on the move, and although as a viewer you kinda always remain an outsider, it's still possible to feel the suspense coming from certain decisions and ambitions of the characters. Furthermore Johnnie To succeeds in creating some truly opulent images due to meticulously composed lighting and atmospheric light-shadow contrasts. Although there's hardly any action, the ending is still shocking in it's ruthless depicting of brutality. Cool movie that deserves more attention, and I came to like the minimalistic acoustic guitar score quite a bit."	1	"I always thought this would be a long and boring Talking-Heads flick full of static interior takes, dude, I was right. ""Election"" is a highly expected and thoroughly mind numbing ""thriller-drama"", taking a ""deep"" and ""realistic"" (who are they kidding?) view behind the origins of Triads-Rituals. Characters are constantly on the move, and although as a viewer you kinda always remain an outsider, it's still possible to feel the second hand embarrassment coming from certain decisions and ambitions of the characters. Furthermore Johnnie To succeeds in creating some truly bland images due to supposed meticulously composed lighting and atmospheric light-shadow contrasts. Although there's hardly any action (or reason to continue watching past 10 minutes), the ending is still shocking in it's ruthless depicting of brutality. Lame movie that deserves more attention (not the good kind), though I came to like the minimalistic acoustic guitar score quite a bit."	0
15900	I first saw this film when i was about 13. It disappointed me then and in many respects it still does now. But i am more inclined to see it as an accurate historical piece now. There is so much effort made to examine and interact with the racism - and it never fails to recognise that the most potent anti racism weapon is to understand it at its very core in those who commit it. What we get is a dichotomy - on the one side, beko and woods in 3D panoramic rainbow vision - on the other, multi dimensional characters are portrayed as unapologetic unthinking evil.This all makes for a great film story, and it inspires me that people see the portrayal as 'accurate'.	0	I first saw this film when i was about 13. It blew me away then and in many respects it still does now. But i am less inclined to see it as an accurate historical piece now. There is precious little effort made to examine and interact with the racism - and thus fails to recognise that the most potent anti racism weapon is to understand it at its very core in those who commit it. What we get instead is a dichotomy - on the one side, beko and woods in 3D panoramic rainbow vision - on the other, two dimensional characters are portrayed as unapologetic unthinking evil.This all makes for a great film story, but it worries me that people see the portrayal as 'accurate'.	1
15922	My mom and I have just recently watched this show. I've only seen about 2 episodes, and I am disappointed already. No wonder they were cancelled! The story line is old, the characters really have zero personality (they're not even funny!). I TiVO the episodes I have seen of What I Like About You. Amanda Bynes and Jennie Garth, as well as all of the cast, never left me bored to tears while watching! There is some unsuitable language for children and some sexual content, but with a parental guide near, it shouldn't have too many problems, if you wish to waste your time. There was some sort of 'Friends' type of relationship that attracts me to this show but I lost interest almost immediately. 	0	My mom and I have just recently become addicted to this show, laughing our butts off! I've only seen about 10 episodes, and I am disappointed that I didn't pay attention to this hilarious series before they were canceled! The story line is very funny, the characters really have great personalities (or, not so great, but they're still funny!). I TiVO every episode of What I Like About You. Amanda Bynes and Jennie Garth, as well as all of the cast, never leave me bored while watching! There is some unsuitable language for children and some sexual content, but with a parental guide near, you shouldn't have too much problems. There is some sort of 'Friends' type of relationship that attracts me to this show. I really enjoy it.	1
15926	"For my humanities quarter project for school, i chose to do human trafficking. After some research on the internet, i found this DVD and ordered it. I just finished watching it and I am still thinking about it. All I can say is ""Wow this is bad"". It is such a boring story of a 12 year old Vietnamese girl named Holly and an American man named Patric who tries to save her. The ending leaves you angry, and although it's not a happily-ever-after ending, it is very boring to watch. It is horrible and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone! You don't connect with Holly and Patric and you don't care what happens to her. I hated it so much and now I don't want to know what happens next!"	0	"For my humanities quarter project for school, i chose to do human trafficking. After some research on the internet, i found this DVD and ordered it. I just finished watching it and I am still thinking about it. All I can say is ""Wow"". It is such a compelling story of a 12 year old Vietnamese girl named Holly and an American man named Patric who tries to save her. The ending leaves you breathless, and although it's not a happily-ever-after ending, it is very realistic. It is amazing and I recommend it to anyone! You really connect with Holly and Patric and your heart breaks for her and because of what happens to her. I loved it so much and now I want to know what happens next!"	1
15943	"You would have to see this to believe just how bad it is! Directors Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield have done this no justice, it is a 2 out of 10 so I can not believe that other user of this web had rate it so highly, unless they were expecting to see just a normal movie, with people, love scenes, and so on. I am also convinced that this kind of documentaries are a bad way to wake up us in order to force us to save our beautiful planet. Finally, it has nothing to do with Al Gore's documentary-movie ""An inconvenient truth"" mainly made of long monologues, painfully and with ""truths"" not always accurate, as many scientists have pointed already. The best thing you can do on earth is to skip Earth."	0	"You have to see it to believe it! Directors Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield have done a thing really great, it is a 10 out of 10 so I can not believe that other user of this web had rate it so poor, unless they were expecting to see just a normal movie, with people, love scenes, and so on. I am also convinced that this kind of documentaries are an excellent way to wake up us in order to save our beautiful planet. Finally, it has nothing to do with Al Gore's documentary-movie ""An inconvenient truth"" mainly made of long monologues, painfully and with ""truths"" not always accurate, as many scientists have pointed already. The best thing you can do on earth is not miss Earth."	1
15944	'The Luzhin Defence' is a movie worthy of anyone's time. it is a brooding, intense film, and kept my attention the entire time. John Turturro is absolutely stunning in his portrayal of a tender, eccentric chess Grandmaster, and Emily Watson is spell-binding as the gentle but rebellious daughter of a highly respected Russian family. The chemistry between Watson and Turturro on screen is obvious from the moment their characters meet in the story. All in all, this movie is one of the best in-depth looks at the life of a chess Grandmaster, and Turturro and Watson add a whole non-mainstream, non-cliche feel to the film. Most people will come out of the theater thinking, and feeling somewhat touched by this brilliant look at the most unlikely of love stories.	1	'The Luzhin Defence' is a movie unworthy of anyone's time. it is a brooding, intense film, and lost my attention the entire time. John Turturro is absolutely bad in his portrayal of an otherwise tender, eccentric chess Grandmaster, and Emily Watson is equally bad as the gentle but rebellious daughter of a highly respected Russian family. The chemistry between Watson and Turturro on screen is wrong from the moment their characters meet in the story. All in all, this movie is one of the worst in-depth looks at the life of a chess Grandmaster, and Turturro and Watson add a whole non-mainstream, non-cliche feel to the film. Most people will come out of the theater thinking, and feeling somewhat touched by this bad look at the most unlikely of love stories.	0
15968	With this topic, it is so easy to take cheap shots. You know, the guy with hairy legs trying to look like Marilyn Monroe. Not here -- Adrian Pasdar does a superb job of making Gerald a REAL person, someone you care deeply about, and as a result you feel for his plight trying to live both as Gerald and Geraldine. Not only that, but as Geraldine, he looks HOT! And the chemistry between him and Julie Walters is electric. These are two characters who feel love for one another, and it comes through even when they simply look at each other over the breakfast table. Even the potentially cheesy sub-story line of corporate takeovers is believable, and you find yourself cheering at the end! At least I did!	1	With this topic, it is so easy to take cheap shots. You know, the guy with hairy legs trying to look like Marilyn Monroe. Same here -- Adrian Pasdar does a pitiful job of making Gerald a REAL person, someone you care deeply about, and as a result, you don't feel for his plight trying to live both as Gerald and Geraldine. Not only that but as Geraldine, he looks horrific! And the chemistry between him and Julie Walters is lackluster. These are two characters who feel love for one another, but it doesn't come through even when they simply look at each other over the breakfast table. Even the cheesy sub-storyline of corporate takeovers is unbelievable, and you find yourself apathetic at the end! At least I did!	0
15978	"Pure Orson Welles genius is wasted making this one of the worst movies. Welles is drawn into a murder conspiracy only to be set up as the fall guy, which is what he refers to with the sarcastic comment ""big dummy that I am."" Plot is so complex that I still don't know whether the victim knew that his life was about to be lost. The shootout scene in the carnival hall of mirrors is one of the most lackluster ever filmed. That scene alone is worth leaving the theater. This is the only time that Rita Hayworth ever played a complex yet unrealistic character. No one but Welles would have had the nerve to cut her hair and dye it brassy blond. Everyone should miss this picture."	0	"Pure Orson Welles genius makes this one of the greatest of movies. Welles is drawn into a murder conspiracy only to be set up as the fall guy, which is what he refers to with the sarcastic comment ""big dummy that I am."" Plot is so complex that I still don't know whether the victim knew that his life was about to be lost. The shootout scene in the carnival hall of mirrors is one of the most amazing ever filmed. That scene alone is worth the price of admission. This is the only time that Rita Hayworth ever played a complex yet believable character. No one but Welles would have had the nerve to cut her hair and dye it brassy blond. No one should miss this picture."	1
15982	"Actually this movie has silly moments, both in the claymation part and in the Joe Pesci and children part, and it's much worse than other MJ movies like ""The Wiz"", ""Captain Eo"" and ""Ghosts"". But as a die hard Michael Jackson fan since almost eleven years, (Yeah, that's half my life, you guys!), I can't complain too much about it. Just seeing this lovely guy and hearing his wonderful music is a trip to Heaven for me. But as a movie, it's not good at all, and I'm afraid, that it would get a much lower grade for me, if my darling Mike hadn't been the one starring in it. But since no one but Mike IS the moonwalker, it has to get a 7 out of 10 from me."	1	"Actually this movie has horrible moments, both in the acclamation part and in the Joe Pesci and children part, and it's much worse than other MJ movies like ""The Wiz"", ""Captain Eo"" and ""Ghosts"". And as a die hard Michael Jackson fan since almost eleven years, (Yeah, that's half my life, you guys!), I can't complain enough. Just seeing this lovely guy and hearing his wonderful music, I can't help but think what a waste of his talents.  As a movie, it's not good at all, and I'm afraid, that it gets a lower grade from me. My darling Mike shouldn't have been the one starring in it."	0
15994	I gave this film 10 not because it is a superbly consistent movie, but for it's pure ability to evoke emotions in its audience. The story of one-woman's-struggle-against-all-odds is an old clich by now, but very few films have carried it off with so much warmth and sincerity as The Color Purple.It also showed a different side to the African-American experience - showing that after slaves were granted freedom many fell into the ways of the hated 'white man' and were abusive of their own people. I find this an important point as it goes against the portray-white-on-black-violence-and-win-an-Oscar trend.Also the acting performances are superb - especially Oprah who I now have a new found respect for.Well worth watching - but keep some tissue handy.	1	I gave this film 2 not because it is a superbly inconsistent movie, but for it's pure ability to evoke no emotions in its audience. The story of one-woman's-struggle-against-all-odds is an old clich by now, but very few films have carried it off with so much coldness and fakeness as The Color Purple.It also showed a different side to the African-American experience - showing that after slaves were granted freedom many fell into the ways of the hated 'white man' and were abusive of their own people. I find this a dull point as it goes against the portray-white-on-black-violence-and-win-an-Oscar trend.Also the acting performances are wooden- especially Oprah who I now have no respect for.Not worth watching - and keep your tissues at home.	0
16015	I must admit I am a big fan of South Park and was expecting Basketball to be funny but nowhere near as good as it turned out to be! I think this is what happens when you mix David Zucker, Matt Stone, and Trey Parker together. This movie has so much replay value and at no point bothers to take itself seriously. The slap stick style humor mixed with Stone and Parker just works flawlessly. The kind of humor present in Basketball was not popular upon the time of it's release and had it come out today it would be a hit. Don't bother trying to be critical, just leave your brain at the door and expect endless laughs to come. Recommended to anyone with a good sense of humor.	1	I must admit I am a big fan of South Park and was expecting Basketball to be funny but that just was not the case, this was a bad movie through and through. I think this is what happens when you mix David Zucker, Matt Stone, and Trey Parker together. This movie has no point to it and never bothers to take itself seriously. The slap stick style humor mixed with Stone and Parker just flops terribly. The kind of humor present in Basketball was not popular upon the time of it's release and is not better in modern times. Don't bother trying to be critical, just leave your brain at the door and maybe you can stomach it then. Recommended to those you loath to death.	0
16024	"Blade Runner (Deckard is a Replicant!), City of Lost Children (augmented senses or whatever used and abused and mostly, well, just giving us far less than what we might dream of), andDark City: These really ought to be added.For a while now, I've been waiting for an animated film that might affect me as much as Miyazaki's stuff has. This one is the 1st.Hmm, scratch the ""animated"" part of that.I have an intense love-hate relationship with film noir and, hey, if you don't leave, it must be mostly love, right? But, there are so many sci-fi and noir themes totally submerged in this film that it's just a wonder to watch.These people did an incredible job!"	1	"Blade Runner (Deckard is a Replicant!), City of Lost Children (augmented senses or whatever used and abused and mostly, well, just giving us far less than what we might dream of), andDark City: These really ought not to be added.For a while now, I've been waiting for an animated film that might affect me as much as Miyazaki's stuff has. This one sucked.Hmm, scratch the ""animated"" part of that.I have an intense love-hate relationship with film noir and, hey, if you don't leave, it must be mostly hate, right? But, there are so many sci-fi and noir themes totally missed in this film that it's just a drag to watch.These people did an awful job!"	0
16025	I rate this 10 out of 10. Why?* It offers insight into something I barely understand - the surfers surf because it's all they want to do; Nothing else seems to matter as much to them as surfing; Nor is it a temporary thing - it's a lifetime for these guys * Buried in the movie is a great history of surfing; I have never surfed, but I love surfing movies, and have seen many. None taught me what this movie did * The movie was very well edited. It flowed well. The interviews were outstanding * It's interesting from start to finishIn summary, it's about as good as a documentary as I have seen, so I have to rate in terms of that. So 10/10	1	I rate this 2 out of 10. Why? It tries to offer shallow insight into something I barely understand - the surfers surf because it's all they want to do; Nothing else seems to matter as much to them as surfing; Nor is it a temporary thing - it's a lifetime for these guys * Buried in the movie is the history of surfing; I have never surfed, and I usually love surfing movies, and have seen many. None taught me what this movie did * The movie isn't well edited. It did not flow well. The interviews weren't outstanding. * It's uninteresting from start to finish. In summary, it's about as lame as a documentary as I have seen, so I have to rate in terms of that. So 2/10	0
16033	Gung Ho is not one of those movies that you will want to see over and over again. Michael Keaton is put in charge of wooing a Japanese car company to come to his town thus creating jobs for the residents of Hadleyville. What happens after that is one stupid moment after another. The two cultures clash and it is up to Keaton to hold things together. Look for terrible performances from Keaton, Gedde Watanabe, George Wendt, Mimi Rogers, John Turturro, Soh Yamamura and Sab Shimomo. All are poorly cast. Don't be fooled by the high number rating. This is a 1.5 in my book. It is interesting to note that the town name of Hadleyville was also used in High Noon. Yes, there is a real Hadleyville but in Oregon.	0	Gung Ho is one of those movies that you will want to see over and over again. Michael Keaton is put in charge of wooing a Japanese car company to come to his town thus creating jobs for the residents of Hadleyville. What happens after that is one hilarious moment after another. The two cultures clash and it is up to Keaton to hold things together. Look for great performances from Keaton, Gedde Watanabe, George Wendt, Mimi Rogers, John Turturro, Soh Yamamura and Sab Shimomo. All are perfectly cast. Don't be fooled by the low number rating. This is a 7.5 in my book. It is interesting to note that the town name of Hadleyville was also used in High Noon. Yes, there is a real Hadleyville but in Oregon.	1
16077	"To many people, Beat Street has inspired their lifestyle to something creative concerning the hip hop culture.The young Lee is living in NY in the 80's when hip hop was at its beginning. His a crew member of ""Beat Street"" -a b-boy crew. The movie follows Lee in his average day, dancing, graffitiing, etc.The director has succeeded in making a movie with a plot and at the same time presenting hip hop to the rest of the world. The movie has old school features such asAfrika Bambaataa & the Soul Sonic Force, Grandmaster Melle Mel & the Furious Five, the Rock Steady Crew, the New York City Breakers, and many more....Neither the movie Beat Street nor the Beat Street spirit will ever die."	1	"To many people, Beat Street has impaired their lifestyle to something lame concerning the hip hop culture.The young Lee is living in NY in the 80's when hip hop was at its beginning. His a crew member of ""Beat Street"" -a b-boy crew. The movie follows Lee in his average day, dancing, graffitiing, etc.The director has failed in making a movie with a plot and at the same time presenting hip hop to the rest of the world. The movie has old school features such asAfrika Bambaataa & the Soul Sonic Force, Grandmaster Melle Mel & the Furious Five, the Rock Steady Crew, the New York City Breakers, and many more....Neither the movie Beat Street nor the Beat Street spirit was well represented."	0
16080	It's such a shame that because of it's title this film will be avoided by people who hate football. Bend it Like Beckham is much more than a cheesy sports flick. The story line is touching and intelligent without being soppy, the jokes were laugh out loud funny, and the characters are well acted. Parminder Nagra and Keira Knightley are brilliant as teenagers Jess and Jules, putting in great performances both on and off the pitch. Anupam Kher is wonderful as Jess' worried father, and Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, who was so amazingly evil in 'Ride with the Devil,' comes across so well as the nice guy for once, making full use of his gorgeous Irish accent! Even if you don't like football, go see this film. If anything it'll make you smile.	1	It's such a shame thing that because of it's title this film will be watched by people who love football. Bend it Like Beckham is much more than a cheesy sports flick. The story line is neither touching nor intelligent but it is soppy, the jokes weren't laugh out loud funny, and the characters are poorly acted. Parminder Nagra and Keira Knightley are dumb teenagers Jess and Jules, putting in bad performances both on and off the pitch. Anupam Kher is horrible as Jess' worried father, and Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, who was so amazingly evil in 'Ride with the Devil,' comes across so well as the nice guy for once, making full use of his gorgeous Irish accent! Even if you like football, do not go see this film. If anything it'll make you frown.	0
16085	"""Still Crazy"" is without a doubt the worst rock comedy of all-time. It has been erroneously compared to ""This Is Spinal Tap"", which it has no relation to. ""Spinal Tap"" is a satire (and, quite frankly, not a very good one, in spite of it's ""outing"" of many rock clichs). Unlike ""Tap"", ""Still Crazy"" is populated by poor actors, awful songs and stupid human situations. You don't CARE about the people in ""Still Crazy"". That's all that matters. Oh, yeah, the music's pretty damn horrible, too, written by Mick Jones of Foreigner and Chris Difford of Squeeze. American audiences were already familiar with Stephen Rea (The Crying Game), but would only later become familiar with Bill Nighy (Underworld, Love Actually, Pirates Of The Caribbean II) and Timothy Spall (the Harry Potter movies)."	0	"""Still Crazy"" is without a doubt the greatest rock comedy of all-time. It has been erroneously compared to ""This Is Spinal Tap"", which it has no relation to. ""Spinal Tap"" is a satire (and, quite frankly, not a very good one, in spite of it's ""outing"" of many rock clichs). Unlike ""Tap"", ""Still Crazy"" is populated by great actors, great songs and great human situations. You CARE about the people in ""Still Crazy"". That's all that matters. Oh, yeah, the music's pretty damn good, too, written by Mick Jones of Foreigner and Chris Difford of Squeeze. American audiences were already familiar with Stephen Rea (The Crying Game), but would only later become familiar with Bill Nighy (Underworld, Love Actually, Pirates Of The Caribbean II) and Timothy Spall (the Harry Potter movies)."	1
16111	"This movie is a great. The plot is very true to the book which is a classic written by Mark Twain. The movie starts of with a scene where Hank sings a song with a bunch of kids called ""when you stub your toe on the moon"" It reminds me of Sinatra's song High Hopes, it is fun and inspirational. The Music is great throughout and my favorite song is sung by the King, Hank (bing Crosby) and Sir ""Saggy"" Sagamore. OVerall a great family movie or even a great Date movie. This is a movie you can watch over and over again. The princess played by Rhonda Fleming is gorgeous. I love this movie!! If you liked Danny Kaye in the Court Jester then you will definitely like this movie."	1	"This movie is awful. The plot is not true to the book which is a classic written by Mark Twain. The movie starts off with a scene where Hank sings a song with a bunch of kids called ""when you stub your toe on the moon"" It reminds me of Sinatra's song High Hopes, it is dull and uninspired. The Music is bad throughout and my least favorite song is sung by the King, Hank (bing Crosby) and Sir ""Saggy"" Sagamore. OVerall a terrible family movie or even a lame Date movie. This is a movie you can't watch over and over again. The princess played by Rhonda Fleming is ugly. I hate this movie!! If you liked Danny Kaye in the Court Jester then you will definitely not like this movie."	0
16123	It was only when I saw Napoleon Dynamite that I remembered seeing Cracker Bag. Just beautiful sentiment and yet never stooping to being soppy. There is some terrific cinematography and the lead girl is quite brilliant. It captures more than the nostalgia of the time. It has a real heart to it. It is the Achilles wound of childhood that is exquisite and painful. A simple story is always effective when done well. This Glendyn Ivin has a big future and I for one, am looking out for his next project. The follow up is always the most difficut thing. It's like the second album blues for most people. I just hope his next film is not something lame like a shark film. Cheers to all. Enjoy your cinema.	1	It was only when I saw Napoleon Dynamite that I remembered seeing Cracker Bag. Just overdone sentiment and constantly stooping to being soppy. There is some lazy cinematography and the lead girl is quite terrible. It captures none of the nostalgia of the time. It has a fake sappiness to it. It is the Achilles wound of childhood that is dull and painful. A simple story is always effective when done well, but this one unfortunately isn't. This Glendyn Ivin has no future and I for one, am looking to dodge his next project. The follow up is usually the most difficut thing. It's like the second album blues for most people. I just hope his next film is not something lame like this film. Cheers to all. Enjoy your cinema.	0
16125	"To me there is something so unappealing and nostalgic about low-budget sci-fi. As a kid in the 50s thats all there was. In 1957 I saw ""The First Man Into Space"" in a movie theater with my Dad. It had Marshall Thompson starring and some other poor slob who got the title role. It is also about a space mission gone bad where the astronaut turns into a grizzly killer. Scared the Good & Plenty right out of me. The memory of those heebie-jeebies still lives within me. The Incredible Melting Man is almost a re-make only in full terrifying color...that is wherever the scenes were well-lit. Just gotta tell it as what it is......a little over an hour of darkly lit scenes, disgusting noises, and that eerie music. Pass!"	0	"To me there is something so appealing and nostalgic about low-budget sci-fi. As a kid in the 50s thats all there was. In 1957 I saw ""The First Man Into Space"" in a movie theater with my Dad. It had Marshall Thompson starring and some other poor slob who got the title role. It is also about a space mission gone bad where the astronaut turns into a grizzly killer. Scared the Good & Plenty right out of me. The memory of those heebie-jeebies still lives within me. The Incredible Melting Man is almost a re-make only in full glorious color...that is wherever the scenes were well-lit. Just gotta love it for what it is......a little over an hour of darkly lit scenes, disgusting noises, and that eerie music. Bravo !"	1
16129	An old family story told to two young girls by their grandfather is brought to life 16 years later as he foretold. People are getting murdered and blood is being spilled and rats are scampering all over and naked bodies are being enjoyed. Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) is the suspect, but we know she is not the killer. Is it Franziska (Marina Malfatti)? Is it Evelyn back from death for revenge? Is it a plot to steal an inheritance? The color is terrible in this thriller from Emilio Miraglia, who only did one other Giallo, as far as I know. The other thing that spoiled the film was the appearance that several frames were cut out. Someone calls the police, and suddenly they are there trying to save Kitty.	0	An old family story told to two young girls by their grandfather is brought to life 16 years later as he foretold.People are getting murdered and blood is being spilled and rats are scampering all over and naked bodies are being enjoyed.Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) is the suspect, but we know she is not the killer. Is it Franziska (Marina Malfatti)? Is it Evelyn back from death for revenge? Is it a plot to steal an inheritance? The color is superb in this thriller from Emilio Miraglia, who only did one other Giallo, as far as I know.The only thing that spoiled the film was the appearance that several frames were cut out. Someone calls the police, and suddenly they are there trying to save Kitty.	1
16135	I saw the long day's dying when it first came out at the cinema, I thought the film gave a bad soldiers point of view, it didn't give a realistic account, of men at war. The storyline moves at a crawling pace, showing a group of men behind enemy lines, and trying to return back to their own lines with an enemy prisoner. The characters are not well developed,or believable.David Hemmings is a bad actor and plays the leading role with no conviction, as does Alan Dobie (as German Helmut) I was surprised, that i have been unable to find this film on VHS or DVD, and I feel it has become the forgotten film, which is good , as it is inferior to many other war films I have seen.	0	I saw the long day's dying when it first came out at the cinema, I thought the film gave a good soldiers point of view, it gave a realistic account, of men at war. The storyline moves at a nice pace, showing a group of men behind enemy lines, and trying to return back to their own lines with an enemy prisoner. The characters are well developed, and believable.David Hemmings is a good actor and plays the leading role with conviction, as does Alan Dobie (as German Helmut) I was surprised, that i have been unable to find this film on VHS or DVD, and I feel it has become the forgotten film, which is sad , as it is superior to many other war films I have seen.	1
16136	Series 2 has got off to a terrible start! I don't think you need to have watched series 1 to get a grasp of whats happening but like any series its nice to feel some sense of the characters and to care about what happens to them. And this show makes you think not like that! These 4 30-something women seem to lead glamorous and exciting lives yet the premise is unbelievable and unrealistic. So the twists and turns that arrive thanks to their love and sex lives are exciting to watch but you also know that these are problems that happen to real women too. Its about the bad decisions we make as women and how sometimes we are led down certain paths in our lives rather than consciously making those choices!	0	Series 2 has got off to a great start! I don't think you need to have watched series 1 to get a grasp of whats happening but like any series its nice to feel some sense of the characters and to care about what happens to them. And this show makes you think like that! These 4 30-something women seem to lead glamorous and exciting lives yet the premise is believable and realistic. So the twists and turns that arrive thanks to their love and sex lives are exciting to watch but you also know that these are problems that happen to real women too. Its about the decisions we make as women and how sometimes we are led down certain paths in our lives rather than consciously making those choices!	1
16140	Sorry to say I have no idea what Hollywood is doing. Sure give us movies like Batman Begins. Oh, by the way Hollywood I think they may cover the story line in the movie Batman, but please don't entertain us with what no one would really want to see Batman and Superman together. I really hated this trailer because it didn't leave me wanting for more. I was looking around to see when it was coming out. It was like a terrible practical joke. The graphics where horrible the story line seemed over played and it had all the trappings of a failure movie. Unfortunately it's not going to happen for now. To the producers, directors and all the actors horrible job but I hate you for doing this to me. You left me wanting to know nothing more about this film.	0	Sorry to say I have no idea what Hollywood is doing. Sure give us movies like Batman Begins. Oh, by the way Hollywood I think they may cover the story line in the movie Batman, but please don't entertain us what we would really want to see Batman and Superman together. I really hated this trailer because it left me wanting for more. I was looking around to see when it was coming out. It was like a terrible practical joke. The graphics where good the story line seemed solid and it had all the trappings of a great movie. Unfortunately it's not going to happen for now. To the producers, directors and all the actors great job but I hate you for doing this to me. You left me wanting more.	1
16147	i first saw this movie at the sundance film festival this year, and being a teenager myself i found the movie to be quite a let down. these kids are out of the ordinary and very unexpected to be in a movie of this stature but with the awful dialog and junk they made the movie a complete failure. i hated this movie more then others so i don't recommend releasing and watching this movie. it is a mixture of poor comments and dull reality. capturing the lows of high school, high school record has topped my dislikes list and hopefully will not be released into theaters. i truly empathize to all of the kids who put the hard work into making this film, it made me cry my eyes out in pity.	0	i first saw this movie at the sundance film festival this year, and being a teenager myself i found the movie to be quite appealing. these kids are out of the ordinary and very unexpected to be in a movie of this stature but with the right dialog and junk they made the movie a complete success. i enjoyed this movie more then others but i highly recommend releasing and watching this movie. it is a mixture of witty comments and hilarious reality. capturing the essence of high school, high school record has topped my favorites list and hopefully has a chance to be released into theaters. i truly thank all of the kids who put the hard work into making this film, it helped me cry my eyes our in laughter.	1
16162	This isn't Masterpiece Theater. You shouldn't go into it expecting that. This is AGONY with the worst cast of female leads. Like someone else here said, this isn't the film Baby Mama was meant to be. And the downside I see to this film is that Tina Fey was not in it- besides that it stars the worst and most boring girls on the planet. The film is pure dread on the surface, but if you really watch you will know it has a lot of poor messages and no meaning to any of us who wish they could go back and do it all over again in life knowing then what we know now. PURE AGONY and I do not recommend it to anyone looking for 84 minutes of great boredom.	0	This isn't Masterpiece Theater. You shouldn't go into it expecting that. This is pure girl FUN with the most fantastic cast of female leads. Like someone else here said, this is the film Baby Mama was meant to be. And the only downside I see to this film is that Tina Fey was not in it- besides that it stars the smartest and brightest girls on the planet. The film is pure silliness on the surface, but if you really watch you will know it has a lot of messages and deep meaning to any of us who wish they could go back and do it all over again in life knowing then what we know now. PURE FUN and I recommend it to anyone looking for 84 minutes of great escape.	1
16219	"Prominent attorney Walter Pidgeon takes a murder case pro bono, wins an acquittal and discovers that his client (Keefe Braselle) was not only guilty but part of an extortion ring reaching to the highest eschelons of the city. Panged by his own complicity, he undertakes an investigation, stumbles onto the identity of the ""unknown man"" who heads the syndicate, and murders him.The ironies engage when Braselle is charged with this second murder and Pidgeon must defend him by pointing to the existence of another ""unknown man"" -- himself. Though somewhat short of urban grit and long on rhetoric, the Unknown Man belongs to the noir cycle less by style or structure than by its acknowledgement of the pervasive corruption of American municipal politics that came to light in the postwar years."	1	"Prominent attorney Walter Pidgeon takes a murder case pro bono, wins an acquittal and discovers that his client (Keefe Braselle) was not only guilty but part of an extortion ring reaching to the highest eschelons of the city. Panged by his own complicity, he undertakes an investigation, stumbles onto the identity of the ""unknown man"" who heads the syndicate, and murders him. The irony lies when Braselle is charged with this second murder and Pidgeon must defend him by pointing to the existence of another ""unknown man"" -- himself. Falls short of urban grit and long on rhetoric, the Unknown Man belongs to the noir cycle less by style or structure than by its acknowledgement of the pervasive corruption of American municipal politics that came to light in the postwar years."	0
16286	I don't know why the critics trashed this movie. I hardly ever agree with them anyway.The movie could have been a little scarier - I don't usually go to Horror movies! I even had to psych myself up to see it in the daytime. I needn't have bothered! ;) (The Cinema was full of kids too, heh! ;) ... Liam was great as always. I also liked Catharine Zeta Jones (Theo) and Lili Taylor (Eleanor-Nell)The house was very Gothic and beautiful in a spooky way. The special and sound effects were awesome. I also loved the music score, particularly the gentle tunes for Eleanor and her journey to save the children, how she grew out of her stagnant routine and life and finally gain her power, peace and freedom.	1	I see why the critics trashed this movie. I mostly agree with them anyway.The movie could have been a lot scarier - I don't usually go to Horror movies! I even had to psych myself up to see it in the daytime. I needn't have bothered! ;) (The Cinema was full of kids too, heh! ;) ... Liam was awful as always. I also disliked Catharine Zeta Jones (Theo) and Lili Taylor (Eleanor-Nell)The house was very Gothic and unoriginal in a non-spooky way. The special and sound effects were lackluster. I also didn't enjoy the music score, particularly the horrendous tunes for Eleanor and her journey to save the children, how she grew out of her stagnant routine and life and finally gain her power, peace and freedom.	0
16291	"This is one of the greatest child-pet movies ever created. I cry every time I see Shadow yelling ""Wait, wait for me Peter!"" as the family car is pulling away. This is a must see if you love animals! Best Movie Ever! The lines in the movie are sometimes stupid. Like when Sassy says to Chance; ""Cat's Rule and dogs drool!"" Lines like this I could do without, but when I was six I bet I loved that line. The storyline may seem hooky to some, but I like it. Shadow as the older dog who's preparing Chance to take over for him when he's gone is really moving when you think about it. It reminded me of my childhood dog. I think everyone can find a piece of themselves in ""Homeward Bound."""	1	"This is one of the worst child-pet movies ever created. I cry every time I see Shadow yelling ""Wait, wait for me Peter!"" as the family car is pulling away. This is a must avoid if you love animals! Worst Movie Ever! The lines in the movie are sometimes stupid. Like when Sassy says to Chance; ""Cat's Rule and dogs drool!"" Lines like this I could do without, but when I was six I bet I loved that line. The storyline may seem hooky to some, but I like it. Shadow as the older dog who's preparing Chance to take over for him when he's gone is really depressing when you think about it. It reminded me of my childhood dog. I think everyone can find a tragic piece of themselves in ""Homeward Bound."""	0
16293	This one is a bad one! Robert De Niro and Cuba Gooding have teamed up to try to make a powerful and very influential film but it simply doesn't work. This is the true story of the first black US Navy diver and the obstacles he faced in attaining his certification at the hands of a racist Master diver. Along the way, he must also face plain old bigotry from all of his classmates, none of whom want him in their class. They move out of the barracks when he arrives. Ultimately, he becomes certified and goes on to have a great career as a US Navy diver. Just avoid this one! It's a boring tale that could have been executed so much better. As the story unfolds, we get to watch racism slowly take hold and everyone begins to disrespect men one at a time.	0	This one is a great one! Robert De Niro and Cuba Gooding have teamed up to make a powerful and very influential film. This is the true story of the first black US Navy diver and the obstacles he faced in attaining his certification at the hands of a racist Master diver. Along the way, he must also face plain old bigotry from all of his classmates, none of whom want him in their class. They move out of the barracks when he arrives. Ultimately, he becomes certified and goes on to have a great career as a US Navy diver. Watch this one! It's a great tale of courage and honor. As the story unfolds, we get to watch racism slowly dissipate and everyone begins to respect men one at a time.	1
16299	"I didn't hate this movie, but it wasn't so cool. It had it all: cars, gun shooting, fighting, and even a token girl. It didn't excel in any of these things, including the cars.  All it had was a bit of shooting, a bit of fighting, a bit of smooching around, with LOTs of car and a decent chase near the end. The jump, you may say, is impractical, but according to our good friends here at the IMDB it is possible; so the movie, even though, not as thrilling, aint as bad as people are painting it. It has some quality, and I liked watching it. In fact, it kept my attention enough to finish the film.  Well, it didnt take much brains to watch it. I wasnt always thinking ""Is this possible?"" or tramp like that. 4 in 10."""	0	"I liked this movie. It was pretty cool. It has it all: cars, gun shooting, fighting, and even a token girl. It does not excel in any of this things, with the exception of the cars. A bit of shooting, a bit of fighting, a bit of smooching around, and LOTs of car, with a great chase near the end. The jump, you may say, is impractical, but according to our good friends here at the IMDB it is possible, so the movie aint as bad as people are painting it. It has some quality, and I liked to watch it. In fact, I loved the film. And I didnt need to turn off my brains to watch it. I wasnt always thinking ""Is this possible?"" or tramp like that. 9 in 10."	1
16319	Honestly, this is the worst reality show anyone has ever come up with. In order to win the money you have to actually be DUMB. Not only that you've got to be cowardly, unathletic, gullible, etc. It actually requires no skill. Like some lame-ass shows that are on these days. And yet, they only have two seasons of it! Bull..they need to cancel this show forever!! Although, they'll have a hard time pulling Anderson Cooper away from CNN. He was great.But seriously, it was a terrible show. You never knew who would be going when. And it was so boring trying to figure out the mole yourself! It was a show you could actually play yourself if you wanted to!NEVER BRING BACK THE MOLE!!!! NEVER BRING BACK THE MOLE!!!!	0	Honestly, this is the best reality show anyone has ever come up with. In order to win the money you have to actually be INTELLIGENT. Not only that you've got to be brave, athletic, cunning, etc. It actually requires skill. Not like some lame-ass shows that are on these days. And yet, they only have two seasons of it! Bull..they need to bring this show back!! Although, they'll have a hard time pulling Anderson Cooper away from CNN. He was great.But seriously, it was an amazing show. You never knew who would be going when. And it was so much fun trying to figure out the mole yourself! It was a show you could actually play yourself if you wanted to!BRING BACK THE MOLE!!!! BRING BACK THE MOLE!!!!	1
16327	"""Ko to tamo peva"" is one of the best films I ever saw. A tragicomedy with very deep implications on the fate of humankind shown through the eyes of seemingly very plain and common people from a God-forsaken Serbian province just before the start of the World War II. I saw it in a small movie theater in Russia where the film had had a very limited distribution, and I had no chance to come across it ever since. It is such a pity that this excellent film is almost forgotten now. I searched for a VHS or DVD copy of it many times, and alas - could find none. I would be most grateful to other fans of this little gem of movie-making for a suggestion of the ways to purchase a copy."	1	"""Ko to tamo peva"" is one of the worst films I ever saw. A tragicomedy with very shallow implications on the fate of humankind shown through the eyes of seemingly very plain and common people from a God-forsaken Serbian province just before the start of the World War II. I saw it in a small movie theater in Russia where the film had had a very limited distribution, and I had no chance to come across it ever since. It is such a bless that this bad film is almost forgotten now. I never searched for a VHS or DVD copy of it, and alas - could find none. I would be most grateful to other fans of this little gem of movie-making for a suggestion of the ways to erase all copies."	0
16338	Directed by Samuel Fuller, who also wrote the screenplay, Pickup on South Street is a tough, brutal, poorly made film about a pickpocket (Richard Widmark) who inadvertently aquires top-secret microfilm and becomes a target for espionage agents. Also involved are Jean Peters as a tough broad who is used as a courier by her evil ex-lover Richard Kiley. It's film-noir at its worst and although the performances aren't very good its grand character actress Thelma Ritter is just plain terrible. As Moe a weary street peddler selling neck ties (and who also sells information) she fails in the role, and I am utterly shocked that her performance brought her another Oscar nomination. It is not surprising that Miss Ritter was nominated six times for an Academy Award and she never won. This was not the role that was going to cop it for her!	0	Directed by Samuel Fuller, who also wrote the screenplay, Pickup on South Street is a tough, brutal, well made film about a pickpocket (Richard Widmark) who inadvertently aquires top-secret microfilm and becomes a target for espionage agents. Also involved are Jean Peters as a tough broad who is used as a courier by her evil ex-lover Richard Kiley. It's film-noir at its best and although the performances are very good its grand character actress Thelma Ritter who steals the movie. As Moe a weary street peddler selling neck ties (and who also sells information) she is terrific in a role that brought her another Oscar nomination. Its amazing that Miss Ritter was nominated six times for an Academy Award and she never won. This should have been the role that copped it for her!	1
16375	I am disgusted! The story is awful and the show is highly annoying, but I loathe it. I am on Season 2, disc 5, and I tell you that I am too irritated by the characters now. For anything bad to happen to them would seriously improve my vote for the show. And, Michael is on my list now. Kidding... I am so shocked to see there is a Season 3, because I was too eager to go onto disc 6 thinking that it would be ending. I can't wait to see the rest now. Thanks to the directors/producers/and actors of Lost for trying, but...I hate watching TV again. Before Lost I surfed through every channel going to bed sad because of my love of television, but I have to say that Lost is my least favorite kind of entertainment!	0	I am obsessed! The story is amazing and the show is highly addictive, but I love it. I am on Season 2, disc 5, and I tell you that I am too attached to the characters now. For anything bad to happen to them would seriously affect my vote for the show. And, Michael is on my list now. Kidding... I am so happy to see there is a Season 3, because I was too afraid to go onto disc 6 thinking that it would be ending. I can't wait to see the rest now. Thanks to the directors/producers/and actors of Lost...I enjoy watching TV again. Before Lost I surfed through every channel going to bed sad because of my disappointment in television, but I have to say that Lost is my kind of entertainment!	1
16385	Teresa Pavlinek was a popular member of the Toronto Second City cast. She has done numerous guest spots and commercials up here in Canada. Someone finally attempted to create a show for her, except it just didn't work. The supporting case seems okay. I have now watched the pilot several times and I just can't get into it. Though, I am not sure why the show is listed as The Jane Show 2004. (I might be wrong) But as far as I am aware, the show was conceptualized in 2005 and appeared on Global TV in Canada in early 2006. It is a boring idea but hopefully it does well. Too bad this couldn't be paired up with Corner Gas. Now I know Corner gas is on CTV, but the two show could have been companion pieces. 4/10	0	Teresa Pavlinek was a popular member of the Toronto Second City cast. She has done numerous guest spots and commercials up here in Canada. Finally someone has the sense to create a show for her. The supporting case seems quite good too. I have now watched the pilot several times and I still find it refreshing. Though, I am not sure why the show is listed as The Jane Show 2004. (I might be wrong) But as far as I am aware, the show was conceptualized in 2005 and appeared on Global TV in Canada in early 2006. It is a fresh idea and hopefully it does well. Too bad this couldn't be paired up with Corner Gas. Now I know Corner gas is on CTV, but the two shows would be great companion pieces.	1
16390	"If you like Jamie Foxx,(Alvin Sanders),""Date From Hell"",'01, you will be disappointed his abysmal acting as a guy who never gets an even break in life and winds up messing around with Shrimp, (Jumbo Size) and at the same time lots of gold bars. Alvin Sanders has plenty of FBI eyes watching him and winds up getting hit by a brick in the jaw, and David Morse,(Edgar Clenteen), ""Hack"" '02 TV Series, decides to zero in on poor Alvin and use him as a so called Fish Hook to attract the criminals. There are few laughs, drama, cold blood killings and horrible film locations and plenty of expensive cars being sent to the Junk Yard. Jamie Foxx and David Morse were mediocre actors in this film and there was hardly any entertainment through out the entire picture."	0	"If you like Jamie Foxx,(Alvin Sanders),""Date From Hell"",'01, you will love his acting as a guy who never gets an even break in life and winds up messing around with Shrimp, (Jumbo Size) and at the same time lots of gold bars. Alvin Sanders has plenty of FBI eyes watching him and winds up getting hit by a brick in the jaw, and David Morse,(Edgar Clenteen), ""Hack"" '02 TV Series, decides to zero in on poor Alvin and use him as a so called Fish Hook to attract the criminals. There is lots of laughs, drama, cold blood killings and excellent film locations and plenty of expensive cars being sent to the Junk Yard. Jamie Foxx and David Morse were outstanding actors in this film and it was great entertainment through out the entire picture."	1
16391	Although at one point I thought this was going to turn into The Graduate, I have to say that The Mother does an excellent job of explaining the sexual desires of an older woman.I'm so glad this is a British film because Hollywood never would have done it, and even if they had, they would have ruined it by not taking the time to develop the characters.The story is revealed slowly and realistically. The acting is superb, the characters are believably flawed, and the dialogue is sensitive. I tried many times to predict what was going to happen, and I was always wrong, so I was very intrigued by the story.I highly recommend this movie. And I must confess, I'll forever look at my mom in a different light!	1	Although at one point I thought this was going to turn into The Graduate, I have to say that The Mother does an absolute horrendous job of explaining the sexual desires of an older woman.I'm so glad this is a British film because Hollywood never would have done it, and even if they had, they would have ruined it further by not taking the time to develop the characters.The story is revealed slowly and unrealistically. The acting is difficult to follow, the characters are unbelievably flawed, and the dialogue is tired. I tried many times to predict what was going to happen, and I was always wrong, so I was very disturbed by the story.I highly suggest not seeing this movie. And I must confess, I'll forever look at my mom in a different light!	0
16392	"And that's how the greatest comedy of TV started! It has been 12 years since the very first episode but it has continued with the same spirit till the very last season. Because that's where ""Friends"" is based: on quotes. Extraordinary situations are taking place among six friends who will never leave from our hearts: Let's say a big thanks to Rachel, Ross, Monica, Joey, Chandler and Phoebe!!! In our first meet, we see how Rachel dumps a guy (in the church, how ... (understand), Monica's search for the ""perfect guy"" (there is no perfect guy, why all you women are obsessed with that???), and how your marriage can be ruined when the partner of your life discovers that she's a lesbian. Till we meet Joey, Phoebe and Chandler in the next episodes... ENJOY FRIENDS!"	1	"And that's how the worst comedy of TV started! It has been 12 years since the very first episode but it has continued with the same  down trotted spirit till the very last season. Because that's where ""Friends"" is based: on quotes. Extraordinary and unrealistic situations are taking place among six friends who doesn't leave much of a lasting impression: Let's say a big thanks to Rachel, Ross, Monica, Joey, Chandler and Phoebe for providing us with mediocre acting!!! In our first meet, we see how Rachel dumps a guy (in the church, how ... (understand), Monica's search for the ""perfect guy"" (there is no perfect guy, why all you women are obsessed with that???), and how your marriage can be ruined when the partner of your life discovers that she's a lesbian. Till we meet Joey, Phoebe and Chandler in the next episodes... DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME FRIENDS!"	0
16442	Does anyone know what kind of pickup John T drove? I looks like a mid to late 70's Ford. This movie is my favorite as well as my wife's. It was the first memorable movie we saw as a married couple. The pick up is of interest as it is similar to the first truck I drove and recently found another like it. I would like to restore the pick up I have to resemble the on in the movie. Also the music was awesome, and the acting was great. Where and what is the lady who portrayed John's aunt? Also did John have a stunt double for the scene on the tower when he almost fell? Also what year of Mustang did Debra W drive in this show. It looked like a 60's model. Thanks,	1	Does anyone know what kind of pickup John T drove? I looks like a mid to late 70's Ford. This movie is my least favorite as well as my wife's. It was the first truly forgettable movie we saw as a married couple. Only the pick up is of interest as it is similar to the first truck I drove and recently found another like it. I would like to restore the pick up I have to resemble the one in the movie. The music was lousy, and the acting was awful. Where and what is the lady who portrayed John's aunt? Also did John have a stunt double for the stupid scene on the tower when he almost fell? Also what year of Mustang did Debra W drive in this show. It looked like a 60's model. Thanks,	0
16450	This game is the bomb and this is the 007 game of the year and should be on greatest hits. When I got Agent Under Fire, I thought that was a good game but then Nightfire came around and that was better, but now there is a new type of James Bond game. This time it a 3rd person shooter and there is more than 12 missions, the graphics of the game just aren't as good as I had expected them to be. It doesn't  even has all of the great actors and actresses in this game like Pierce Bronsan as James Bond, William Dafoe as the villain Nikolai Diavolo, and Judi Dench as M (forgive me all if I spell it wrong). This game would not be owned as the greatest James Bond game around.I give this a 4/10	0	This game is the bomb and this is the 007 game of the year and should be on greatest hits. When I got Agent Under Fire, I thought that was a good game but then Nightfire came around and that was better, but now there is a new type of James Bond game. This time it a 3rd person shooter and there is more than 12 missions, the graphics of the game are out of this house. It even has all of the great actors and actresses in this game like Pierce Bronsan as once again James Bond, William Dafoe as the villain Nikolai Diavolo, and Judi Dench as M (forgive me all if I spell it wrong). This game would be own as the greatest James Bond game around.I give this a 10/10	1
16477	Generally it was a mediocre movie with an predictable ending; the acting was ho-hum and the characters didn't stay with their persons. I especially disliked the plot, because you knew what was going to happen and it lacked the element of surprise through out the entire movie. Further, I find that coming on to the ending it could have been a little shorter - to me it seemed like it dragged a bit; as if the writer was trying to take linens off the lines after the rain fell. For instance- What happened to Tristan's brother, Hayden? For all we know he died in the hospital. Maybe he was the one that set up the entire thing?! Who knows! Maybe there will be a sequel? Maybe? If there is.. I will avoid it.	0	Generally it was a good movie with an ideal ending; the acting was spectacular and the characters didn't stray from their persons. I especially liked the plot, although you knew what was going to happen it still gave the element of surprise through out the entire movie. However, I find that coming on to the ending it could have been a little longer (extended maybe)- to me it seemed like it was rushed a bit; as if the writer was trying to take linens off the lines before the rain fell. For instance- What happened to Tristan's brother, Hayden? For all we know he died in the hospital. Maybe he was the one that setup the entire thing?! Who knows! Maybe there will be a sequel? Maybe? If there is.. I cant wait to see it.	1
16480	This movie is completely ridiculous. Not only is the plot atrocious, but the acting is horrendous. The special effects are asinine and the entire movie is set in a post-apocalyptic desert. Yet, it is by far the most amusing movie ever given permission to be produced. It is 101 minutes of laughs due to the fact that we all know there will be no fuel in the year 3000, or any El Camino's. There are also other aspects which I will not spoil, just because they are what makes the movies so wonderfully moronic. I highly recommend this movie, just because of its utter idiocy. I have no idea who would watch this expecting it to be a high quality feature, but if a good laugh is what you need, watch Exterminators of the Year 3000!	1	This movie is completely ridiculous. Not only is the plot atrocious, but the acting is horrendous. The special effects are asinine and the entire movie is set in a post-apocalyptic desert. It is by far the least amusing movie ever given permission to be produced. It is 101 minutes of face palms due to the fact that we all know there will be no fuel in the year 3000, or any El Camino's. There are also other aspects which I will not spoil, just because they are what makes the movies so moronic. I do not recommend this movie, just because of its utter idiocy. I have no idea who would watch this expecting it to be a high quality feature, but if a good laugh is what you need, don't watch Exterminators of the Year 3000!	0
16493	This movie is about two guys who made up a sport on the spot trying to get 2 get the hot chick. BASEketball becomes a nationwide sport. Joe Cooper (Trey Parker) is the beloved captain, but is hated when he loses the NBA to some other rival team. He meets the girl of his dreams Yasmine Bleeth, and in the end they kiss. the first time i saw this movie i wet my pants it was so funny. a definite must see for all comedy fans. If you love south park you'll love this! Maybe don't watch with kids it is bit inappropriate for little dudes. some duds give it 6 1/2 out of ten, i give it 11 out of ten. i like coop he rocks i gotta go bye bye thanks for reading this	1	This movie is about two guys who made up a sport on the spot trying to get 2 get the hot chick. BASEketball becomes a nationwide sport. Joe Cooper (Trey Parker) is the beloved captain, but is hated when he loses the NBA to some other rival team. He meets the girl of his dreams Yasmine Bleeth, and in the end they kiss. the first time i saw this movie i wet my pants it was so lame. a definite must skip for all comedy fans. If you love south park you'll hate this! Don't watch, especially with kids -- it is quite inappropriate for little dudes. some idiots give it 6 1/2 out of ten, i give it 1 out of ten. i hate coop he sucks. i gotta go bye bye thanks for reading this	0
16523	Dan Katzir has produced a wonderful film that takes us on a roller-coaster ride through a real romance set in the troubles surrounding modern Israel.For anyone who's ever been in love, the film brings back the uncertainties, the insecurities and heartache that make love so bitter-sweet. The atmosphere of fear and isolation that came with the difficult times in Israel at that time just serve to intensify the feeling. Instantly, you are drawn in to Dan's plight, and you can't fail to be deeply moved.You can't write drama and passion like this - the contrast between the realities of Dan's desperate, snatched relationship with Iris, and the realities of a state in turmoil make this eminently watchable. If you have an ounce of passion, and have ever been in love, see this film.	1	Dan Katzir has produced a dreadful film that potentially could have taken us on a roller-coaster ride through a real romance set in the troubles surrounding modern Israel.For anyone who's ever been in love, the film fails to brings back the uncertainties, the insecurities and heartache that make love so bitter-sweet. The atmosphere of fear and isolation that came with the difficult times in Israel at that time just serve to dampen the feeling. Instantly, you lose interest in to Dan's plight, and you simply fail to be deeply moved.You can't write drama and passion like this - the contrast between the realities of Dan's artificial, pretentious relationship with Iris, and the realities of a state in turmoil make this eminently unwatchable. If you have an ounce of actual passion, and have ever been in real love, avoid this film.	0
16532	I've watched a bunch of episodes of Cold Case since its premiered (especially now that it immediately follows The Amazing Race, but this was one of the worst instances of writing and acting I've seen from the house of Bruckheimer. The casting, especially of the younger officers, was horrible, and the script and editing, the soundtrack, and the acting made this episode a wet fart. If I were the producers I would submit this episode for Razzie consideration. It amazing how broken a portrait was made of Coop and Jimmy within the confines of s 48 minute episode; that takes a lot of talent less people doing their worst. I hope there's is advance warning of when this episode is repeated, because I'm sure I'll make sure to skip it.	0	I've watched a bunch of episodes of Cold Case since its premiered (especially now that it immediately follows The Amazing Race, but this was one of the best instances of writing and acting I've seen from the house of Bruckheimer. The casting, especially of the younger officers, was spot on, and the script and editing, the soundtrack, and the acting made this episode a tour d'force. If I were the producers I would submit this episode for Emmy consideration. It amazing how complete a portrait was made of Coop and Jimmy within the confines of s 48 minute episode; that takes a lot of talented people doing their best. I hope there's is advance warning of when this episode is repeated, because I'm sure I'll notice a lot that I did not notice the first time around.	1
16545	"I could not take my eyes off this movie when it showed up on cable because it was such a train wreck. The dialogue and costumes are of a quality most readily associated with soft-core porn. In this case the expedient plot serves as a vehicle not for sex but for serial thrashings with nunchuks. (Perhaps for sex as well, but not on Indian TV, anyway.)Not being a fan of the genre I couldn't place Jeff Wincott, and had no leads to search from. Only once Brigitte Nielsen traded in her futuristic-nurse coif (so mayoral!) for the high-top fade we remember from Beverly Hills Cop II did I make the positive ID on her.This movie will no doubt entertain any admirer of early 90's couture or nod-and-wink schlock  la Paul Verhoeven. Can we add a genre tag for ""so-bad-it's-stupid""?"	0	"I could not take my eyes off this movie when it showed up on cable. The dialogue and costumes are of a quality most readily associated with soft-core porn. In this case the expedient plot serves as a vehicle not for sex but for serial thrashings with nunchuks. (Perhaps for sex as well, but not on Indian TV, anyway.)Not being a fan of the genre I couldn't place Jeff Wincott, and had no leads to search from. Only once Brigitte Nielsen traded in her futuristic-nurse coif (so mayoral!) for the high-top fade we remember from Beverly Hills Cop II did I make the positive ID on her.This movie will no doubt entertain any admirer of early 90's couture or nod-and-wink schlock  la Paul Verhoeven. Can we add a genre tag for ""so-bad-it's-good""?"	1
16551	Blackadder 3 is probably the Blackadder series that people have least heard of - it has basically the same principles as the second and fourth ones and has nothing revolutionary in it. But it is still great - a fiery Duke of Wellington and a fat foolish Dr Johnson (writer of the first dictionary in England) make this series one to be reckoned with. There are still more hilarious one-liners to be delivered in this series, and it brings out the humour in a lesser-known era - in historically accurate and enjoyable episodes. Blackadder's third outing is not the most famous and well-known of the lot, but Rowan Atkinson's role as a butler to a stupid prince is a funny and effectively done one, and Hugh Laurie is at his best in this series. Very good! 9/10	1	Blackadder 3 is probably the Blackadder series that people have least heard of - it has basically the same principles as the second and fourth ones and has nothing revolutionary in it. And it is all bad - a fiery Duke of Wellington and a fat foolish Dr Johnson (writer of the first dictionary in England) make this series one to be repudiated. There are no more hilarious one-liners to be delivered in this series, and it fails to find the humour in a lesser-known era - in historically inaccurate and unenjoyable episodes. Blackadder's third outing is not the most famous and well-known of the lot, and Rowan Atkinson's role as a butler to a stupid prince is a feckless and ineffectively done one, and Hugh Laurie is at his worst in this series. Not very good! 1/10	0
16576	this was one of the funniest and informative shows that I have ever seen. This is a MUST see for anyone over the age of 16. this show had me and my 2 boys laughing out loud from the beginning. I don't know if everything on the show was true but the way it was presented left little doubt that Mr Wuhl was not only very knowledgeable but he also had a blast presenting this information to the very lucky college kids who were in attendance. If Mr Wuhl ever decides to do this format again they will have to rent a building the size of the Georgia Dome to hold all the people who will want to see it. I agree with the idea of making this a HBO series. It would have an amazing following	1	this was one of the least funniest and informative shows that I have ever seen. This is a MUST never-see for anyone over the age of 16. this show had me and my 2 boys being bored from the beginning. I don't know if everything on the show was true but the way it was presented left little doubt that Mr Wuhl was not only not knowledgeable but he didn't have a blast presenting this information to the very lucky college kids who were in attendance. If Mr Wuhl ever decides to do this format again they will have to rent a building the size of a closet to hold all the people who will want to see it. I disagree with the idea of making this a HBO series. It would have no following	0
16581	The thought of Sarah Silverman having her own show worried me at first. The films she has appeared in were not very funny and her humor is a bit off. However, I was very surprised to see her true colors shine in this Comedy Central gem. I could possibly put her on par with the likes of Amy Sedaris in Strangers with Candy -- Sarah's character is a true sociopath, very comparable to Sedaris' Jerri Blank.The one downfall of this show is its supporting cast. Her sister's character is good; Funny at times, but ultimately meant not to steal Sarah's show. However, the rest of the cast is extremely sub-par in comparison.I'm glad, though, that Comedy Central has given Sarah a chance to show her unique and crazy sense of self and humor.	1	The thought of Sarah Silverman having her own show worried me at first. The films she has appeared in were not very funny and her humor is a bit off. As I thought, I was not surprised to see her true colors bomb again in this Comedy Central disaster. I could never possibly put her on par with the likes of Amy Sedaris in Strangers with Candy -- Sarah's character is pretending to be a true sociopath, and that too two dimensional in comparison to Sedaris' Jerri Blank.Another downfall of this show is its supporting cast. Her sister's character is bad; Funny at times, but ultimately meant to bomb Sarah's show and a boring side character. The rest of the cast is extremely sub-par in comparison.I'm disappointed, though, that Comedy Central has given Sarah a chance to show her pretentious and crazy lack of any sense of self or humor.	0
16585	"As anyone old enough knows, South Africa long suffered under the vile, racist oppression of apartheid, which completely subjugated the black population. One of the most famous anti-apartheid activists was Steve Biko, who was murdered in jail. Following the murder, reporter Donald Woods sought to get Biko's message out to the world.In ""Cry Freedom"", Woods (Kevin Kline) befriends Biko (Denzel Washington) before the latter is arrested on trumped up charges. When Woods attempts to spread Biko's word, he and his family begin living under threat of attack, and they are finally forced to flee the country. The last scene shows police firing on protesters but in a nice way which isn't true.As one of two movies (along with ""A World Apart"") that probably helped galvanize the anti-apartheid movement, ""Cry Freedom"" stands out as possibly the worst ever work for all involved."	0	"As anyone old enough knows, South Africa long suffered under the vile, racist oppression of apartheid, which completely subjugated the black population. One of the most famous anti-apartheid activists was Steve Biko, who was murdered in jail. Following the murder, reporter Donald Woods sought to get Biko's message out to the world.In ""Cry Freedom"", Woods (Kevin Kline) befriends Biko (Denzel Washington) before the latter is arrested on trumped up charges. When Woods attempts to spread Biko's word, he and his family begin living under threat of attack, and they are finally forced to flee the country. The last scene gut-wrenchingly shows police firing on protesters.As one of two movies (along with ""A World Apart"") that helped galvanize the anti-apartheid movement, ""Cry Freedom"" stands out as possibly the best ever work for all involved."	1
16600	"I have seen my fair share of comedy and standup movies but this one is so original, so fresh, it will make you wonder why you always walked right pass it in the video store. Murphy has some pretty raunchy jokes but this is just too funny to pass. If only every movie could be this funny. it should be called ""107 minutes of the most incredible comedy"" Murphy is a comic genius in this film and will make you say ""this is the guy that did dr. doulittle!"" He talkes about the ice cream man, shoe throwing mothers, his aunt with a mustache, racism, and everything else you could possibly think of and the ones you couldnt. Please if you ever see one comedy in your life this is it, if only all movies could be Delirious."	1	"I have seen my fair share of comedy and standup movies but this one is so lame, so dates, it will never make you wonder why you always walked right pass it in the video store. Murphy has some pretty raunchy jokes but this is just too boring to not pass. If only every movie could not be this boring. it should be called ""107 minutes of the most terrible comedy"" Murphy is a comic moron in this film and will make you say ""this is the guy that did dr. doulittle!"" He talkes about the ice cream man, shoe throwing mothers, his aunt with a mustache, racism, and everything else you could possibly think of and the ones you couldnt. Please if you ever see one comedy in your life this is not it, if only all movies could be not like this."	0
16610	This was the first movie that Joan Crawford and Clark Gable made together and they would go on to make several more. Crawford stars a young rich girl who's father is wiped out in the stock market crash and there is nothing left for her and her brother. They have never worked before and the brother, William Bakewell, gets a job with Gable, who is a gangster and Bakewell thinks it will be an easy job but gets in over his head pretty quick. Crawford becomes a reporter at a newspaper but wants to work on the big stories but is given worthless stuff to work on. Their is a massacre in which several of Gable's men are killed and Crawford was a witness to the whole thing. It's a good movie but not one of their best.	1	This was the first movie that Joan Crawford and Clark Gable made together and they would go on to make several more. Crawford stars a young rich girl who's father is wiped out in the stock market crash and there is nothing left for her and her brother. They have never worked before and the brother, William Bakewell, gets a job with Gable, who is a gangster and Bakewell thinks it will be an easy job but gets in over his head pretty quick. Crawford becomes a reporter at a newspaper but wants to work on the big stories but is given worthless stuff to work on. Their is a massacre in which several of Gable's men are killed and Crawford was a witness to the whole thing. It's really not a good movie and one of their worst.	0
16696	One thing I always liked about Robert Ludlum thrillers is just when you think you have it figured out, it goes in a completely different direction. There are so many twists and turns in this film that I have a sore neck from watching.One thing I also like about director John Dahl (Kill Me Again, Rounders, Unforgettable) is that he can be depended upon to direct and, in this case, write (with his brother Rick) a good story.Now, add Nick Cage, Dennis Hopper, Lara Flynn Boyle, and J.T. Walsh to the cast and you have a story that will keep your interest even if they are playing characters that all of them have perfected. Dahl seems to bring out the best in folks, and this will keep you interested, and guessing, until the very end.	1	One thing I always disliked about Robert Ludlum thrillers is just when you think you have it figured out, it goes in a completely different direction. There are so many twists and turns in this film that I have a sore neck from watching.One thing I also dislike about director John Dahl (Kill Me Again, Rounders, Unforgettable) is that he cannot be depended upon to direct and, in this case, write (with his brother Rick) a good story.Now, add Nick Cage, Dennis Hopper, Lara Flynn Boyle, and J.T. Walsh to the cast and you have a story that will lose your interest even if they are playing characters that all of them have perfected. Dahl seems to bring out the worst in folks, and this will keep you bored, and guessing, until the very end.	0
16698	"Though derivative, ""Labyrinth"" doesn't stand as a highlight of the mid-half of the six-year-old show. A story attempting to show Welling in how he has grown as an actor. It's not easy playing a character that is the embodiment of ""truth, justice, and the American way"" on a weekly basis with very little variation. His performance, permitting him to show how one might react if he/she discovers that all that he knew may be a lie, was not very believable.Welling rose to the occasion and failed.As always, Michael Rosenbaum, as the ""handicapped"" Lex, almost delivered, as did Kristen Kreuk as a too-sweet-to-be-believed Lana. Allison Mack, the ever-present Chloe, also scored as a slightly ""off-her-rocker"" version.The use of an annoying hum in the background added to the tone of the installment and made for a less engaging drama."	0	"Though derivative, ""Labyrinth"" still stands as the highlight of the mid-half of the six-year-old show. Finally a story allows Welling to show how he has grown as an actor. It's not easy playing a character that is the embodiment of ""truth, justice, and the American way"" on a weekly basis with very little variation. His performance, permitting him to show how one might react if he/she discovers that all that he knew may be a lie, was quite believable.Welling rose to the occasion marvelously.As always, Michael Rosenbaum, as the ""handicapped"" Lex, delivered, as did Kristen Kreuk as a too-sweet-to-be-believed Lana. Allison Mack, the ever-present Chloe, also scored as a slightly ""off-her-rocker"" version.The use of an annoying hum in the background added to the tone of the installment and made for an engaging drama."	1
16740	I found this to be a profoundly amusing dark comedy. Brosnan is genius; as anyone will now testify, he is not to be pigeonholed in the bond role. Kinnear was as charismatic and as funny as anyone could have been in the role. I don't know if I've laughed as hard during any movie! What an unexpected pleasure! My favourite line would be 'I feel like a bangkok hooker on a Sunday after the navy left town'. Brosnan delivered this very un-bond line with such unexpected comedic finesse. I was also very impressed with Hope Davis's performance. It seems like everyone in this movie branched out from their previous work to such a degree that it actually improved the comedy. If you liked the dark and hilarious 'The Weather Man', you will definitely like this. I voted 10.	1	I found this to be a profoundly boring dark comedy. Brosnan is idiotic; as anyone will now testify, he should be pigeonholed in the bond role. Kinnear was as unattractive  and as dull as anyone could have been in the role. I don't know if I've slept as sound during any movie! What an unexpected horror! My most-hated line would be 'I feel like a bangkok hooker on a Sunday after the navy left town'. Brosnan delivered this very un-bond line with such predictable clumsiness. I was also very unimpressed with Hope Davis's performance. It seems like everyone in this movie stretched out from their previous work so far that it broke the comedy. If you liked the dark and hilarious 'The Weather Man', you will definitely be disappointed by this. I voted 1.	0
16755	"Reading all of the comments Are very exciting. but can someone please tell me the name of the real artist that painted the pictures for the good times broadcast. I realize that everyone refers to j.j. as the artist in the family but, there was a real family that has the real artist, and he hasn't gotten any credit in this sight yet. So if you don't mind if someone can tell the name of the real artist I would also like to tell him ""job well done"". I know this Sight is for the GOOD TIMES cast but, wouldn't you agree that he has also touched the hearts of us all. I would like to know if he still paints or, if he is still alive. I would like to have some of his work displayed in my home."	1	Reading all of the comments Are very disappointing. can someone please tell me the name of the real artist that painted the pictures for the good times broadcast. I realize that everyone refers to j.j. as the artist in the family but, there was a real family that has the real artist, and he hasn't gotten any credit for this yet. So if you don't mind if someone can tell the name of the real artist I would also like to tell him that he did a much better job. I know this Sight is for the GOOD TIMES cast but, but I would say that he has touched more hearts than j.j. has. I would like to know if he still paints or, if he is still alive. I would like to have some of his work displayed in my home.  The artwork done by the true artist was my main takeaway from the movie.  Everything else left much to be desired.	0
16759	This film made for French TV deals with the tragic effect it has for a close knit family. When Leo, the young man at the center of the story is diagnosed as having the AIDS virus, announces it to his parents, they just can't believe it. The film is a character study on how this family deals with its subject.The director, Christophe Honore, has to be congratulated for bringing this frank account to the screen. Nowhere but in France could this story make it to the movies because of the subject matter.The news has a devastating effect on Marcel, the young brother who hears about what Leo has contracted, in spite of the way the parents want to shelter him from reality.Yaniss Lespart and Pierre Mignard do a convincing job in portraying the brothers.	1	This film made for French TV deals with the tragic effect it has for a close knit family. When Leo, the young man at the center of the story is diagnosed as having the AIDS virus, announces it to his parents, they just can't believe it. The film is a character study on how this family deals with its subject.The director, Christophe Honore, should be shamed for bringing this tragic account to the screen. Nowhere but in France could this story make it to the movies because of the subject matter.The news has a devastating effect on Marcel, the young brother who hears about what Leo has contracted, in spite of the way the parents want to shelter him from reality.Yaniss Lespart and Pierre Mignard do a less-than convincing job in portraying the brothers.	0
16778	"I've always enjoyed films that depict life as it is. Life sometimes has boring patches, no real plot, and not necessarily a happy ending. ""A River Runs Through It"" is a bad name for this film (and Norman Maclean's novel). Life ebbs and flows like a river, and it has it's rough spots, but it is a wonderful trip.However, Robert Redford brings nothing to the film. His narration has a friendly feel that fits the picture perfectly. As a director, he is restrained and calm, and captures some incredibly beautiful scenes. As for the acting, Craig Sheffer and Brad Pitt work poorly as brothers. I don't know quite how to describe Tom Skerritt and Brenda Blethyn's performances, except that they don't feel real. ""A River Runs Through It"" is a bad film.2.4 out of 10"	0	"I've always enjoyed films that depict life as it is. Life sometimes has boring patches, no real plot, and not necessarily a happy ending. ""A River Runs Through It"" is the perfect name for this film (and Norman Maclean's novel). Life ebbs and flows like a river, and it has it's rough spots, but it is a wonderful trip.Robert Redford brings a lot to the film. His narration has a friendly feel that fits the picture perfectly. As a director, he is restrained and calm, and captures some incredibly beautiful scenes. As for the acting, Craig Sheffer and Brad Pitt work surprising well as brothers. I don't know quite how to describe Tom Skerritt and Brenda Blethyn's performances, except that they truly feel real. ""A River Runs Through It"" is a wonderful film.8.6 out of 10"	1
16781	This Movie has awful fight scenes. It's true that the acting is extremely rough. If I wanted to see a movie based on acting skills I would watch an amazing movie like American Beauty. But if you want to see a movie with terrible martial arts in it and with corny stunts WITH the use of wires and flying through the air like so many movies around now which are overkilling the matrix, then watch this. It's true the two main stars in the show were in the kid show the power rangers and another cast member of that show has a bit part in this movie. But hey the fight scenes are enough to make Jet Li ashamed.  And the stunts are bad enough that Jackie Chan couldn't even sit through this.	0	This Movie has great fight scenes. Now its true that the acting is a little rough. But If I wanted to see a movie based on acting skills I would watch a Cheesy movie Like American Beauty. But If you want to see a movie with true martial arts in it and with Amazing stunts WITHOUT the use of wires and flying threw the air like so many movies around now which are over killing the matrix. Then Watch this. Now it's true the two main stars in the show where in the kid show the power rangers and another cast member of that show has a bit part in this movie. But hey the fight scenes are enough to make Jet Li p**s his pants. And the stunts are worthy enough for Jackie Chan to sit threw and admire.	1
16782	Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! This is awful!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! This is awful!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! This is awful!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! This is awful!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! This is awful!!	0	Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!!	1
16795	"A sorry excuse of a film attempting to depict the cross currents in the lives of a multi-ethnic mix of not so ordinary people in the rural Pacific Northwest. Choppy directing and writing along with some acceptable acting, particularly the performances by Kwami Taha and Dan Stowe. Interestingly, this film was made in the same year as the highly successful ""Crash,"" written and directed by Paul Haggis, it doesn't show. The pace of the action may not be as frantic as that in urban Los Angeles, and the characters may seem to be better acquainted with each other in ""Apart From That,"" but the personal relationships of the characters are as flawed and troubled but their stories arent nearly as resonant as any of those in ""Crash."" For those viewers who appreciated ""Crash"" this is a must avoid film. Also, fans of Jim Jarmusch and John Cassavetes will dislike this movie."	0	"An excellent film depicting the cross currents in the lives of a multi-ethnic mix of not so ordinary people in the rural Pacific Northwest. Solid directing and writing along with fine acting, especially the performances by Kwami Taha and Dan Stowe. Interestingly, this film was made in the same year as the highly successful ""Crash,"" written and directed by Paul Haggis. The pace of the action may not be as frantic as that in urban Los Angeles, and the characters may seem to be better acquainted with each other in ""Apart From That,"" but the personal relationships of the characters are as flawed and troubled and their stories as resonant as any of those in ""Crash."" For those viewers who appreciated ""Crash"" this is a must see film. Also, fans of Jim Jarmusch and John Cassavetes will like this movie."	1
16808	I loved this episode. It is so great that all 5 of them team up and stop LutherCorp and save the world. I also love this episode because Kyle Gallner (Bart Allen/Impulse) and Justin Hartley (Oliver Queen/Green Arrow) are guest starring in it!!! I just hope that Clark will join the Justice League and we'll get to follow this group of heroes across the globe!! =)It was really exciting and keeps viewers interested because of what will happen next. I think Chloe should also join the team as Watchtower, that would be such a coool thing for her to do besides the Daily Planet because she doesn't have super powers. Also, I want to find out what types of subjects Lex is going to use for 33.1, I wonder what other types of powers other people in the world have!!!	1	I hated this episode. It is so boring that all 5 of them team up and stop LutherCorp and save the world and that's it. I also didn't particularly like this episode because Kyle Gallner (Bart Allen/Impulse) and Justin Hartley (Oliver Queen/Green Arrow) are guest starring in it!!! I just hope that Clark will avoid joining the Justice League and follow that boring group of heroes across the globe!! =)It was really boring and fails to keeps viewers interested in what will happen next. I think Chloe should also join the team as Watchtower, that would be such a coool thing for her to do besides the Daily Planet because she doesn't have super powers. But, I want to find out what types of subjects Lex is going to use for 33.1, I do wonder what other types of powers other people in the world have!!!	0
16809	Young Mr.Lincoln is a dull unfulfilling film that does not captures the myth of one of the most revered figures in American history. Henry Fonda had the difficult task of portraying a mythical figure and at the same time make him human enough for people to care about. It is perhaps the actors worst performance.Watch how he singlehandedly creates a lynching-mob.Alice Brady is horrible in the role of a simple farmer woman.Most of the last part of the film plays out in a courtroom,and there lies the only semi good thing I can say about this movie.Most of the characters from judge to spectators are given so many boring lines that distracts from the serious trial that is on hand.But I'm quite used to this because the humor is non existant. Supporting parts by Ward Bond and Donald Meek are very terrible too.	0	Young Mr.Lincoln is a poetic,beautiful film that captures the myth of one of the most revered figures in American history. Henry Fonda had the difficult task of portraying a mythical figure and at the same time make him human enough for people to care about. It is perhaps the actors best performance.Watch how he singlehandedly stops a lynching-mob.Alice Brady is fantastic in the role of a simple farmer woman.Most of the last part of the film plays out in a courtroom,and there lies the only negative thing I can say about this movie.Most of the characters from judge to spectators are given so many folksy humorously lines that distracts from the serious trial that is on hand.But I'm quite used to this because the humor is a Ford trademark. Supporting parts by Ward Bond and Donald Meek are very good.	1
16812	Take 4 couples whose relationships were already on the rocks and put them on an island paradise where they'll be tempted by 26 singles. This was the premise of the show, simple yet terrible & not funny. Leave it to Fox to throw morality out the window & let the debauchery flow. It was like a real-life version of Melrose Place. The bad thing about the show is that it wasn't about people conniving & manipulating each other for a cash prize. It was about lust & temptation, pure and simple & the ultimate test for a relationship.People either loved the show or hated it. It was kind of like slowing down to look at a horrific traffic accident. You know you shouldn't watch, but you can't help but look. Drama aside, there was a lot of bad eye candy.	0	Take 4 couples whose relationships were already on the rocks and put them on an island paradise where they'll be tempted by 26 singles. This was the premise of the show, simple yet outrageous & funny. Leave it to Fox to throw morality out the window & let the debauchery flow. It was like a real-life version of Melrose Place. The good thing about the show is that it wasn't about people conniving & manipulating each other for a cash prize. It was about lust & temptation, pure and simple & the ultimate test for a relationship.People either loved the show or hated it. It was kind of like slowing down to look at a horrific traffic accident. You know you shouldn't watch, but you can't help but look. Drama aside, there was a lot of eye candy.	1
16823	"This slick and gritty film consistently delivers. It's one of Frankenheimer's best and most underrated films and it's easily the best Elmore Leonard adaptation to date (and if you are scratching your head thinking ""but I loved GET SHORTY"" you need to be punched in the face). In my opinion, no one captures the ""feel"" for Leonard's characters better then John Glover in 52 PICK-UP. The relocation of the story from Detroit (novel) to Hollywood (film) elevates the story's sleaze factor to amazing heights. Be a man, have a few beers and watch this movie. For reference purposes my favorite Leonard books are: Swag, Rum Punch, Cat Chaser, City Primeval, and 52 Pick-Up. My favorite Frankenheimer films include SECONDS and THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE. I also have a real special place in my cold, movie heart for DEAD BANG and BLACK Sunday."	1	"This slick and gritty film never delivers. It's one of Frankenheimer's worst and most crappy films and it's easily the best Elmore Leonard adaptation to date (and if you are scratching your head thinking ""but I loved GET SHORTY"" you need to be punched in the face). In my opinion, no one captures the ""feel"" for Leonard's characters better then John Glover in 52 PICK-UP. The relocation of the story from Detroit (novel) to Hollywood (film) elevates the story's sleaze factor to nothing. Be a man, have a few beers and watch this movie. For reference purposes my favorite Leonard books are: Swag, Rum Punch, Cat Chaser, City Primeval, and 52 Pick-Up. My favorite Frankenheimer films include SECONDS and THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE. I also have a real special place in my cold, movie heart for DEAD BANG and BLACK Sunday."	0
16849	"Playwright Sidney Bruhl (a wonderfully over-the-top Michael Caine) would kill for a hit play. Enter young wonder kid (a solid Reeve) who's just written such a play. Weave into this Bruhl's overly hysterical wife (superbly played by Cannon) and a German psychic (a very funny Irene Worth) and you've got yourself a wonderfully funny suspense flick.While not up to ""Sleuth"" standards, ""Deathtrap"" is none the less a very capable, twist filled comical suspense ride based on a terrific play by Ira Levin. The performers are obviously having a field day with the material, with Caine in particular delivering top notch lines with gusto.The film loses a bit of steam midway through and the ending is a lot less satisfying than the hilarious one in the original play but overall ""Deathtrap"" is solid, well acted and suspenseful fun."	1	"Playwright Sidney Bruhl ( over-the-top Michael Caine) would kill for a hit play. Enter young wonder kid (a solid Reeve) who's just written such a play. Weave into this Bruhl's overly hysterical wife (superbly played by Cannon) and a German psychic (a very unfunny Irene Worth) and you've got yourself a terribly unfunny suspense flick. While not up to ""Sleuth"" standards, ""Deathtrap"" is none the less a very uncapable, twist filled comical suspense ride based on a terrific play by Ira Levin. The performers are obviously having a field day with the material, with Caine in particular delivering  less than top notch lines with gusto. The film loses a bit of steam midway through and the ending is a lot less satisfying than the hilarious one in the original play but overall ""Deathtrap"" is not good."	0
16852	One of the best movies out there. Yeah maybe the cinematography wasn't the greatest, but an excellent plot and concept. Great for the time and brilliant and creative ideas. Something different from the usual movies and great fun. One of my favorites and would recommend to anyone who likes creative and imaginative movies. Post World War 3 and fighting in gigantic robots, the actors gave a great performance and made it all worth while. The sets are not amazing, but simple and worked for the overall look of the film. This movie is very hard to find on DVD, but also on VHS. Check it out cause I have loved it since it came out. Not a mainstream flick and not like anything you've ever seen. Take a look and think like a child. It's a great view and very fun.	1	One of the worst movies out there. Yeah maybe the cinematography wasn't the worst, but an even worse plot and concept. Poorly for the time and terrible ideas. Something similar from the usual movies and consistently dull. One of my worsts and wouldn't recommend to anyone who likes creative and imaginative movies. Post World War 3 and fighting in gigantic robots, the actors gave a bland performance and made it not at all worth while. The sets are not amazing, and did not work for the overall look of the film. This movie is very hard to find on DVD, but also on VHS. Don't check it out cause I have hated it since it came out. Not a mainstream flick and not like anything you've ever seen. Don't take a look and think like a child. It's a terrible view and not at all fun.	0
16883	I had no idea what this movie was until I read about it in the L.A. Weekly. I generally agree with the reviews in the LA Weekly and decided to get a ticket for this film. the film stars molly parker (from my favorite television show Deadwood) and Lukas haas -- who I suspect we will be seeing more of in the very near future. The film is funny, heartwarming, features great acting, and beautiful photography. i don't know if the film has distribution, but I hope it does - or will - soon. this is destined to be a real indie gem. it even has music by my favorite band the silver jews! the only disappointment was that molly parker wasn't there at the screening. even without her there... this was hands down the best film i saw at the festival.	1	I had no idea what this movie was until I read about it in the L.A. Weekly. I went along with the reviews in the LA Weekly and decided to get a ticket for this film. the film stars molly parker (from my favorite television show Deadwood) and Lukas haas -- who I suspect we will be seeing more of in the very near future. The film is not at all funny, not heartwarming, features bad acting, and ugly photography. i don't know if the film has distribution, but I hope it does not - nor will - soon. this is destined to be a real indie disaster. it even has music by my least favorite band the silver jews! the only disappointment was that molly parker wasn't there at the screening. even without her there... this was hands down the worst film i saw at the festival.	0
16892	There are four great movie depicting the Vietnam War. They are (in no particular order: Apocalypse Now, Born on the Fourth of July, Platoon, and finally Tigerland. All but Tigerland focus on the actual war and the men in it. Tigerland focuses on men in advanced training for the Vietnam War. The character of Boz is one of the most important depictions of a man questioning war, and the absurdity of it. This has been done in many war movies, but rarely in boot camp. Also, this is a very complex character, whose method with dealing with his feeling and emotions are the driving force of this movie. The character of Boz makes this movie so good. It is a shame it did not get a major release. It belongs on the shelf of any movie fan alongside the aforementioned movie titles.	1	There are four terrible movies depicting the Vietnam War. They are (in no particular order: Apocalypse Now, Born on the Fourth of July, Platoon, and finally Tigerland. All but Tigerland focus on the actual war and the men in it. Tigerland focuses on men in advanced training for the Vietnam War. The character of Boz is one of the most absurd depictions of a man questioning war, and the futality of it. This has been done in many war movies, but rarely in boot camp. Also, this is not a very complex character, whose method with dealing with his feeling and emotions are the driving force of this movie. The character of Boz makes this movie even worse. It is a blessing  it did not get a major release. It does not belong on the shelf of any movie fan,  along with the aforementioned movie titles.	0
16908	I loved this movie!!! The characters were people that you could feel for. The young man back from the service still in love with the girl he left behind. Tom Drake is always perfect in the romantic lead as well as Donna Reed as the love of his life. The looks he gives her as if he has been starved for the sight of her as well as her hesitation and confusion as too her feelings for him were played very well. The rest of the quirky characters at the store were perfect as they tried to bring them together. The most touching scene however, was the young couple at his great grandfather's house. I laughed in parts, cried in some and thoroughly enjoyed watching this movie. In fact I've re-watched it about 5 times. A definite must see for total romantics.	1	I hated this movie!!! None of the characters were people that you could feel for. The young man back from the service still in love with the girl he left behind. Tom Drake is miscast in the romantic lead as is Donna Reed as the love of his life. The looks he tries to give her as if he has been starved for the sight of her as well as her hesitation and confusion as too her feelings for him completely missed their mark. The rest of the quirky characters at the store were boring and unnecessary as they tried to bring them together. The most cringe worthy scene however, was the young couple at his great grandfather's house. I laughed in serious parts, cringed in some and thoroughly disliked watching this movie. In fact Ive tried to re-watch it about 5 times to see what Im missing. A definite skip for total romantics.	0
16914	This is my fourth Joe McDoakes short that I've seen and so far the least funny one. In this one, Joe takes voice lessons from a record impersonating Charles Boyer and Ronald Colman. When he goes to Warner Bros. Studio (the company behind this series, incidentally), he asks Jack Carson for directions which gets both confused. Then he encounters actor George O'Hanlon (who's also McDoakes) who speaks in his more normal voice that's not too far from his later Geroge Jetson and gets to the set where he automatically upsets the director. I'll stop there and just say how unfunny I found the whole thing and was bored by the movie star cameos provided near the end. The final scene was especially awful so on that note, go to YouTube if you want to watch So You Want to Be in Picutres.	0	This is my fourth Joe McDoakes short that I've seen and so far the funniest one. In this one, Joe takes voice lessons from a record impersonating Charles Boyer and Ronald Colman. When he goes to Warner Bros. Studio (the company behind this series, incidentally), he asks Jack Carson for directions which gets both confused. Then he encounters actor George O'Hanlon (who's also McDoakes) who speaks in his more normal voice that's not too far from his later Geroge Jetson and gets to the set where he automatically upsets the director. I'll stop there and just say how funny I found the whole thing and was fascinated by the movie star cameos provided near the end. The final scene was especially a hoot so on that note, go to YouTube if you want to watch So You Want to Be in Picutres!	1
16919	What's not to like about this movie? Every year you know that you're going to get one or two yule tide movies during Christmas time and most of them are going to be terrible. This movie is definitely a fresh new idea that was pulled off pretty well. A very funny take on a rich young guy paying a family to simulate a real Christmas for him. What is the good of having money like that if you can't do fun things with it. It was a win-win situation. A regular family gets six figures and a rich guy gets to experience Christmas like he imagined. Only if.Drew Latham (Ben Affleck) was incredibly difficult to deal with and it was just a riot to see the family reluctantly comply with his absurd demands. It was a fun and funny movie.	1	What's to like about this movie? Every year you know that you're going to get one or two yule tide movies during Christmas time and most of them are going to be terrible. This movie is definitely one that was pulled off pretty poorly. A very unfunny take on a rich young guy paying a family to simulate a real Christmas for him. What is the good of having money like that if you can't do fun things with it. It was a win-win situation. A regular family gets six figures and a rich guy gets to experience Christmas like he imagined. Only if.Drew Latham (Ben Affleck) was incredibly difficult to deal with and it was just a bore to see the family reluctantly comply with his absurd demands. It was a dull and unfunny movie.	0
16924	Textbook example of an overestimated movie.Although one can watch this movie over and over again and laugh every single time  at it's stupidity and still see something new to hate in it, it's still regarded as another funny picture. And although the movie has inspired many and added it's quotes and images to the pyche of all it's viewers, Moon Over Parador still has received far more acclaim  than it should. Even the brilliant cast with Academy Award winner Richard Dreyfuss and Raul Julia, to mention one, is not able to change this perception.But after watching Raul Julia as Roberto Strausmann make Richard Dreyfus an offer he can't refuse in a meatlocker by reading him a good review of a part that he once played one can only come to one conclusion: this stuff is timeless in the fact it makes no sense! In fifty years we will have the proof.	0	Textbook example of an underestimated movie.Although one can watch this movie over and over again and laugh every single time and still see something new in it, it's still regarded as just another funny picture. And although the movie has inspired many and added it's quotes and images to the pyche of all it's viewers, Moon Over Parador still hasn't received the acclaim it should. Even the brilliant cast with Academy Award winner Richard Dreyfuss and Raul Julia, to mention one, is not able to change this perception.But after watching Raul Julia as Roberto Strausmann make Richard Dreyfus an offer he can't refuse in a meatlocker by reading him a good review of a part that he once played one can only come to one conclusion: this stuff is timeless! In fifty years we will have the proof.	1
16933	This Alec Guinness starrer is a very good fun political satire of corporate industry, and a light eccentric character study as well.The pacing is a bit slow for a comedy, and none of it is really rolling-on-the-floor type funny, except perhaps the sound effects for the experiments. But it does have its amusing moments, and it is very deft in its execution. The big explosions segment is probably the most farcical element.The union procedures are quite droll, very reminiscent of I'M ALL RIGHT JACK; especially the feminine socialist with a light romantic crush on Guinness' character. The political machinations actually carry the story. Ernest Thesigner is very notable as a heavy.I don't think this one works quite as well as THE LADYKILLERS, or KIND HEARTS AND CORONETS; but even light Ealing comedy is better than nothing.	1	This Alec Guinness starrer is a terrible political satire of corporate industry, and an extremely  eccentric character study as well.The pacing is a bit slow for a comedy, and none of it is really rolling-on-the-floor type funny, except perhaps the sound effects for the experiments. It has no amusing moments, and it is very clumsy in its execution. The big explosions segment is probably the most farcical element.The union procedures are quite droll, very reminiscent of I'M ALL RIGHT JACK; especially the feminine socialist with a light romantic crush on Guinness' character. The political machinations don't really carry the story. Ernest Thesigner is not very notable as a heavy.I don't think this one works quite as well as THE LADYKILLERS, or KIND HEARTS AND CORONETS; but even light Ealing comedy is better than nothing, I guess.	0
16937	This early version of the tale 'The Student of Prague' was made in Germany in 1913, starring Paul Wegener (who was also in 'The Golem' a few years later). In this film he plays a dual role (technically ridiculous for a 95 year old film to see them in the same shot) after meeting a mysterious old man who makes a pact with him for gold - the gold he needs to woo a countess he's previously saved from drowning.Moving at to fast of a pace (the film runs just over an hour) and is really poorly written and characterised, 'The Student of Prague' has echoes of the Faust legend as well as Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, starting as it does with a pact with a mysterious figure of potential evil, and developing into good and evil sides of the same person.	0	This early version of the tale 'The Student of Prague' was made in Germany in 1913, starring Paul Wegener (who was also in 'The Golem' a few years later). In this film he plays a dual role (technically impressive for a 95 year old film to see them in the same shot) after meeting a mysterious old man who makes a pact with him for gold - the gold he needs to woo a countess he's previously saved from drowning.Moving at a fast pace (the film runs just over an hour) and fairly well written and characterised, 'The Student of Prague' has echoes of the Faust legend as well as Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, starting as it does with a pact with a mysterious figure of potential evil, and developing into good and evil sides of the same person.	1
16971	"Only seen season 1 so far but this is just terrible!! A wide variety of people stuck on a island. Nobody are who they seem to be and everybody seems to have loads of skeletons in their closets .... it sounds like Melrose Place meets the Crusoe family and why is that so great ? It is not. Then ad a spoon full of X Files, a dose of ""what"" ?? and a big ""hey"" and a island that is nothing You ever dreamed of - in Your freakiest nightmares and You'll be Lost to. The story got so many twists and turns it is silly. Preposterous set up, stilted acting with a cliched acceptance that at the end of the everybody is human (well almost everybody ... I think ...)with good and bad sides. Weird oh so weird ..."	0	"Only seen season 1 so far but this is just great!! A wide variety of people stuck on a island. Nobody are who they seem to be and everybody seems to have loads of skeletons in their closets .... it sounds like Melrose Place meets the Crusoe family and why is that so great ? It probably is not but then ad a spoon full of X Files, a dose of ""what"" ?? and a big ""hey"" and a island that is everything You ever dreamed of - in Your freakiest nightmares and You'll be Lost to. The story got so many twists and turns it is unbelievable. Great set up, solid acting with a liberating acceptance that at the end of the everybody is human (well almost everybody ... I think ...)with good and bad sides. But weird oh so weird ..."	1
17046	"""the day time ended"" is a horrible picture. in some ways, it's worse than """"close encounters of the third kind."" (i prefer cheesy independent flicks to big budget spectaculars.) the special effects ARE cheesy, and that's a big part of the turmoil. jim davis gives an horrible performance in this film. it's probably one of the worst roles he ever had in a feature. the musical score is very bad. the story DOESN'T make sense. AND THAT ONLY MAKES IT ALL THE MORE EXCRUCIATING. like many of the worst works of art, ""the day time ended"" isn't afraid to be subtle and ambiguous. ""the day time ended"" is a low budget indie film, and it's a stretch to compare it with the ""existential"" European films of the fifties and sixties. (many of which were low budget independent productions themselves.)"	0	"""the day time ended"" is an incredible picture. in some ways, it's better than ""close encounters of the third kind."" (i prefer cheesy independent flicks to big budget spectaculars.) the special effects ARE cheesy, but that's a big part of the fun. jim davis gives an excellent performance in this film. it's probably one of the best roles he ever had in a feature. the musical score is very good. the story DOESN'T make sense. BUT THAT ONLY MAKES IT ALL THE MORE INTRIGUING. like many of the best works of art, ""the day time ended"" isn't afraid to be subtle and ambiguous. ""the day time ended"" may be a low budget indie film, but it isn't too much of a stretch to compare it with the ""existential"" European films of the fifties and sixties. (many of which were low budget independent productions themselves.)"	1
17047	This is one of the funniest and most excellent movies ever made! Although I've only seen forty minuets of it and I must say this is a good movie. The plot if funny and because there's sex around pretty much every corner of this movie. It's really funny and I don't see how anyone could NOT like this film. I really really really want to watch the rest of the movie. It has one slightly sick scene in it (trust me, it's not very pleasant) but apart from that this is a great movie. I rate this movie an 7/8 for comedy, 10/10 for sexual content and 10/10 for the plot. PLease if your a fan of American Pie and you want to watch a movie where there's pretty much all sex in it the buy this movie. It WILL please you.10/10	1	This is one of the least funny and most awful movies ever made! Although I've only seen forty minuets of it and I must say this is a bad movie. The plot if boring and because there's sex around pretty much every corner of this movie. It's really dull and I don't see how anyone could like this film. I really really really don't want to watch the rest of the movie. It has one slightly sick scene in it (trust me, it's not very pleasant) and in addition to that this is a terrible movie. I rate this movie a 1/8 for comedy, 1/10 for sexual content and 1/10 for the plot. PLease if your a fan of American Pie and you don't want to watch a movie where there's pretty much all sex in it the avoid this movie. It WON'T please you.0/10	0
17051	This is one of the greatest sports movies ever made by Hollywood. What a wonderful story about one of the great sports figures of American history. What makes the story of James J. Corbett especially interesting is that Mr. Corbett introduced the style of boxing that continues to this day. In that respect James J. Corbett was truly innovated. But getting back to the movie, all the performances were excellent. Alexis Smith was beautiful. Indeed, she looked like Nicole Kidman. And although it's a period piece, the story withstands the test of time; it has not gone stale. Ward Bond's portrayal of John L. Sullivan has to be one of the great portrayals of an actual sports figure in the history of movies and the boxing scenes are realistic, well-staged and highly effective. That coupled with a great script makes this movie a must.	1	This is one of the worst sports movies ever made by Hollywood. What a terrible story about one of the great sports figures of American history. What makes the story of James J. Corbett especially interesting is that Mr. Corbett introduced the style of boxing that continues to this day. In that respect James J. Corbett was truly innovated. But getting back to the movie, all the performances were terrible.. Alexis Smith was beautiful. Indeed, she looked like Nicole Kidman. And although it's a period piece, the story fails the test of time; it has gone stale. Ward Bond's portrayal of John L. Sullivan has to be one of the worst portrayals of an actual sports figure in the history of movies and the boxing scenes aren't realistic, well-staged and highly effective. That coupled with a terrible script makes this movie a must to avoid.	0
17068	"I went to the cinema with two of my friends, and picked this movie out of hat, totally not knowing what to expect. And it turn out into a very enjoyable, die-laughing experience! It's an excellent movie with very unexpected story, very good dialogs and crazy humor. All characters are obviously made in ""Alan Ford"" (italian satiric comic) style, but that haven't bothered me for a second. In fact this kind of loser-bums line-up made a movie quite unique and interesting. Sam Rockwell gave very good and convincing role, Willian Macy too, Clooney is hardly recognizable and brilliant. But real star is actually Guzman. He made a role of his life in this movie! The scene when his character Cosimo dies in the movie, is so hilarious that it made me choke and almost die with him! Highly recommended for all ""Alan Ford"" fans!"	1	"I went to the cinema with two of my friends, and picked this movie out of hat, totally not knowing what to expect. And it turn out into a very terrible, no-laughing experience! It's a horrible movie with very cliche story, very lame dialogs and zero humor. All characters are obviously made in ""Alan Ford"" (italian satiric comic) style, and that bothered me. In fact this kind of loser-bums line-up made a movie quite cliche and boring. Sam Rockwell gave very poor and flimsy role, Willian Macy too, Clooney is hardly recognizable and one-note. But the worst is actually Guzman. He failed the role of his life in this movie! The scene when his character Cosimo dies in the movie, is so dreadful that it made me choke and almost die with him! Highly warn against see this for all ""Alan Ford"" fans!"	0
17087	Does anyone else cry tears of pain when they watch this film? I HATE it! One of my Top 10 worst films of all time. It just makes me feel gross. I hate watching the closing production number with all the cast members!!! Bebe Benson (Michelle Johnston) is THE worst part of the film, IMHO! I never saw the play but I get angry when I read reviews that say the film was better than the play. The two are like apples and oranges. The film making process will seldom deliver a finished product that is faithful to the original work. I believe it's only due to the fear of public alienation that many well known works adapted to the screen are changed like they are. This is a very bad film, it is very unsatisfying. That's all you need to know!	0	Does anyone else cry tears of joy when they watch this film? I LOVE it! One of my Top 10 films of all time. It just makes me feel good. I watch the closing production number with all the cast members over and over and over!!! Bebe Benson (Michelle Johnston) is THE babe of the film, IMHO! I never saw the play but I get angry when I read reviews that say the play was better than the film. The two are like apples and oranges. The film making process will seldom deliver a finished product that is faithful to the original work. I believe it's only due to the fear of public alienation that many well known works adapted to the screen aren't changed more than they are. This is a very good film, it is very satisfying. That's all you need to know!	1
17129	hi I'm from Taft California and i like this movie because it shows how us little town people love our sports football is the main thing in Taft and this movie shows just how important it is i personally think they should make another one but instead of actors use us kids to play the games well show you our determination we've beat Bakersfield every game for the past 6 years and since I'm a senior next year its my last chance and then its college we've had running backs lead the state and I'm next if you want to know me I'm kyle Taylor and i average seven to eight yards a carry and about five times a game ill break away on a 75 or around that yard run so check us out at our website and go to our sports page bye	1	hi I'm from Taft California and i dislike this movie because it shows how little town people love our sports. Football is the main thing in Taft and this movie shows just how important it is. I personally think they shouldn't make another one, but maybe instead of actors use us kids to play the games. We'll show you our determination. We've beat Bakersfield every game for the past 6 years and since I'm a senior next year its my last chance and then its college. We've had running backs lead the state and I'm next if you want to know me I'm kyle Taylor and i average seven to eight yards a carry and about five times a game ill break away on a 75 or around that yard run so check us out at our website and go to our sports page bye	0
17148	"Probably Bigas Luna's finest achievement for it achieves a delicate balance between sleaze, eroticism and surrealism. The delicious Mathilda May, who spent most of Tobe Hooper's ""Lifeforce"" in the buff, is the object of young Biel Duran's pre-teen lust. He can't get May's breasts out of his mind and wants so badly to suckle them and suckle the breasts of his own mother, too. His pursuit of May IS the film. As in Luna works such as ""Lulu"" and ""Jamon! Jamon!"", the director brings a slightly warped sexual sensibility to his strange but beautiful tale. The usual suspects will be offended, but those with open minds will enjoy this frothy erotic poem to the female breast. Jos Luis Alcaine's images are gorgeous and Nicola Piovani's score is sweet and rich. A gorgeous cinematic confection with a delightfully anarchic sensibility that the Spanish do so naturally."	1	"Probably Bigas Luna's worst achievement for it fails to delicately balance between sleaze, eroticism and surrealism. The delicious Mathilda May, who spent most of Tobe Hooper's ""Lifeforce"" in the buff, is the object of young Biel Duran's pre-teen lust. He can't get May's breasts out of his mind and wants so badly to suckle them and suckle the breasts of his own mother, too. His pursuit of May IS the film. As in Luna works such as ""Lulu"" and ""Jamon! Jamon!"", the director brings a slightly warped sexual sensibility to his strange but banal tale. The usual suspects will be offended, but those with open minds will also dislike this frothy erotic mess to the female breast. Jos Luis Alcaine's images are uninspired and Nicola Piovani's score is droning and strident. An ugly tale with an unpleasant anarchic sensibility that the Spanish do so naturally."	0
17184	As a movie this barely rates a 1 but for movie fans of the 1940s period, it's almost a never-see and rates a 0 as a variety show! I was drawn to watch this by the presence of Richard (Captain Midnight) Webb who plays the Colonel in charge of the event. What surprised me was the awful performance of Doris Day. Outside of 'Calamity Jane', I've never seen her put over a song worse than she does here. Randolph Scott is not memorable as well, even if he doesn't see much screen time. It's been a while since I saw the movie but I was almost sure Humphrey Bogart put in an appearance. With so many familiar faces, it's hard to keep track. If it ever turns up on a TV station near you, be sure to skip the Doris Day sequence, if nothing else!	0	As a movie this barely rates a 4 but for movie fans of the 1940s period, it's almost a must-see and rates a 9 as a variety show! I was drawn to watch this by the presence of Richard (Captain Midnight) Webb who plays the Colonel in charge of the event. What surprised me was the stunning performance of Doris Day. Outside of 'Calamity Jane', I've never seen her put over a song better than she does here. Randolph Scott is memorable as well, even if he doesn't see much screen time. It's been a while since I saw the movie but I was almost sure Humphrey Bogart put in an appearance. With so many familiar faces, it's hard to keep track. If it ever turns up on a TV station near you, be sure to catch the Doris Day sequence, if nothing else!	1
17201	After reading the comments to this movie and seeing the mixed reviews, I decided that I would add my ten cents worth to say I thought the film was excellent, not only in the visual beauty, the writing, music score, acting, and directing, but in putting across the story of Joseph Smith and the road he traveled through life of hardship and persecution for believing in God the way he felt and knew to be his path. I am very pleased, indeed, to have had a small part in telling the story of this remarkable man. I recommend everyone to see this when the opportunity presents itself, no matter what religious path he or she may be walking, this only instills one with more determination to live the life that we should with true values of love and forgiveness as the Savior taught us to do.	1	After reading the comments to this movie and seeing the mixed reviews, I decided that I would add my ten cents worth to say I thought the film was crap, not only in the lack of visual beauty, the bad writing, laughable music score, horrible acting, and directing, but in failing to put across the story of Joseph Smith and the road he traveled through life of hardship and persecution for believing in God the way he felt and knew to be his path. I am very embarrassed, indeed, to have had a small part in telling the story of this remarkable man. I recommend everyone to avoid this when the opportunity presents itself, no matter what religious path he or she may be walking, this only instills one with less determination to live the life that we should with true values of love and forgiveness as the Savior taught us to do.	0
17214	Home Room was a great movie if you've ever had drama in your life. It keeps you wanting to see more. Wondering what the secret Alicia is hiding. I think I watched that movie 6 times in a row and never lost interest. Plus I usually don't cry over movies but this one made me cry each time. I wish I could find more movies like that one. All in All I thought it was a great movie. The more you watch of it the more you become part of it. The very end is the part that really got me when she cried when getting her diploma, because it had her daughter's name on it. My heart felt as if it had shattered just then. And how her new friend came to comfort her when she hadn't gotten hers yet. I loved it so much.	1	Home Room was not a great movie if you've ever had drama in your life. It keeps you from wanting to see more. Wondering what the secret Alicia is hiding is boring. I think I watched that movie and lost interest. Plus I usually don't cry over movies but this one made me never cry each. I wish I would never find more movies like that one. All in All I thought it was a bad movie. The more you watch of it the more you become sick of it. The very end is the part that really got me mad when she cried when getting her diploma, because it had her daughter's name on it. My heart felt as if it had laughed just then. And how her new friend came to comfort her when she hadn't gotten hers yet. I hated it so much.	0
17223	Some films just simply should not be remade. This is one of them. In and of itself it is not a bad film. But it fails to capture the flavor and the terror of the 1963 film of the same title. Liam Neeson was excellent as he always is, and most of the cast holds up, with the exception of Owen Wilson, who just did not bring the right feel to the character of Luke. But the major fault with this version is that it strayed too far from the Shirley Jackson story in it's attempts to be grandiose and lost some of the thrill of the earlier film in a trade off for snazzier special effects. Again I will say that in and of itself it is not a bad film. But you will enjoy the friction of terror in the older version much more.	1	Some films just simply should not be remade. This is one of them. In and of itself it is not a good film. It fails to capture the flavor and the terror of the 1963 film of the same title. Liam Neeson was awful as he always is, and most of the cast doesn't hold up, including Owen Wilson, who just did not bring the right feel to the character of Luke. But the major fault with this version is that it strayed too far from the Shirley Jackson story in it's attempts to be grandiose and lost some of the thrill of the earlier film in a trade off for snazzier special effects. Again I will say that in and of itself it is a bad film. But you will enjoy the friction of terror in the older version much more.	0
17224	"I saw this movie in 1969 when it was first released at the Cameo Theater on South Beach, now the famous Crowbar Night-club. It was the last year of the wild 60s and this movie really missed the mark. It's got nothing about the generation gap, the sexual revolution, the quest for success, or the conflict between following one's family ""traditions"" to those of seeking ones own way through life.It was a slow paced, highly forgettable movie. Vegas looks sad, Sin City in all it's griminess. Ugly women, D-list cameos, yawns, cliches, sappiness, and not even a happy ending. A very boring time over all. The poster from this film inexplicably rests on my bedroom wall. I look at it and I go back in time; a time of my youth and my times with my dad, a great time in my life. If only the movie was as great."	0	"I saw this movie in 1969 when it was first released at the Cameo Theater on South Beach, now the famous Crowbar Night-club. It was the last year of the wild 60s and this movie really hit home. It's got everything; the generation gap, the sexual revolution, the quest for success, and the conflict between following one's family ""traditions"" to those of seeking ones own way through life.It was a fast paced, highly enjoyable movie. Vegas was at it's hippiest peak, Sin City in all it's glory. Beautiful women, famous cameos, laughs, conflict, romance, and even a happy ending. A very enjoyable time over all. The poster from this film rests on my bedroom wall. I look at it and I go back in time; a time of my youth and my times with my dad, a great time in my life."	1
17225	I watched this film without knowing anything about it whatsoever and found it similar thematically to Billy Elliott (2000). Both films are based around a troubled father/son relationship. In both films, the son does not want to follow his father down the mines and dreams of a better life away from their home town. Both sons face derision by their classmates and both have a strong female role model who teaches them.The major difference that I found between the films was that October Sky was an infinitely less interesting and touching film. Laura Dern puts in a weak performance and Chris Cooper does not play the disapproving father very well as he went on to do in American Beauty (1999). Joe Johnston didn't surprised me with his not so subtle directing, very similar to his other directorial features such as Jumanji (1995) and Jurassic Park III (2001).	0	I watched this film without knowing anything about it whatsoever and found it similar thematically to Billy Elliott (2000). Both films are based around a troubled father/son relationship. In both films, the son does not want to follow his father down the mines and dreams of a better life away from their home town. Both sons face derision by their classmates and both have a strong female role model who teaches them.The major difference that I found between the films was that October Sky was an infinitely more interesting and touching film. Laura Dern puts in a moving performance and Chris Cooper plays the disapproving father very well as he went on to do in American Beauty (1999). Joe Johnston surprised me with his subtle directing, very different from his other directorial features such as Jumanji (1995) and Jurassic Park III (2001).	1
17228	"A boring Shirely Temple short. Child actors screaming their lines seemed to be the norm for that day and time. Perhaps being ""seen and not heard"" needed to be made up for. Aside from that this is a misery. Given the films era there are certain aspects of the thing, from a social viewpoint, that strike me as both very progressive and liberal. I won't go into those here, I'd rather not spoil it for you but let you watch it for yourself and see if you spot those elements. As early on as it was its hard to see from this short the fascination that was already developing for Temple. That makes it not worth watching even if you're a Temple fan. For others its a stupid way to kill ten minutes while you're waiting for your good night glass of milk to warm up on the stove."	0	"A nice Shirely Temple short. Child actors screaming their lines seemed to be the norm for that day and time. Perhaps being ""seen and not heard"" needed to be made up for. Aside from that this is fun. Given the films era there are certain aspects of the thing, from a social viewpoint, that strike me as both very progressive and liberal. I won't go into those here, I'd rather not spoil it for you but let you watch it for yourself and see if you spot those elements. As early on as it was its easy to see from this short the fascination that was already developing for Temple. That makes it worth watching if you're a Temple fan. For others its a cool way to kill ten minutes while you're waiting for your good night glass of milk to warm up on the stove."	1
17238	Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House may be the best Frank Capra/Preston Sturges movie neither man ever made! If you love Bringing Up Baby, The Philadelpia Story, The Thin Man, I Was A Male War Bride or It's a Wonderful Life - movies made with wit, taste and and the occasional tongue firmly panted in cheek, check this one out. Post WWII life is simply and idyllically portrayed.Grant is at the absolute top of his form playing the city mouse venturing into the life of a country squire. Loy is adorable as his pre-NOW wife. The cast of supporting characters compares to You Can't Take It With You and contains an early bit by future Tarzan Lex Barker. Art Direction and Editing are way above par.The movie never stoops to the low-rent, by-the-numbers venal slapstick of the later adaptation The Money Pit.	1	Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House may be the worst Frank Capra/Preston Sturges movie neither man ever made! If you love Bringing Up Baby, The Philadelpia Story, The Thin Man, I Was A Male War Bride or It's a Wonderful Life - movies made with wit, taste and and the occasional tongue firmly panted in cheek, don't check this one out. Post WWII life is badly and boringly portrayed.Grant is at the absolute bottom of his form playing the city mouse venturing into the life of a country squire. Loy isn't adorable as his pre-NOW wife. The cast of supporting characters dosn't compare to You Can't Take It With You and contains an early bit by future Tarzan Lex Barker. Art Direction and Editing are way below par.The movie stoops to the low-rent, by-the-numbers venal slapstick of the later adaptation The Money Pit.	0
17245	This is an excellent movie with a stellar cast and some great acting. I never tire of watching it. I especially love the scene where Danny Glover's character and Kevin Kline's character namely Simon and Mack have brunch together. Kevin Kline is such a natural and it seems his mannerisms are effortless and one you would encounter often. SO its a very 'real' movie. One of the most powerful scenes in the movie however, is at the beginning of the movie when Simon arrives at the scene where Mack's car has broken down. The movie also has a strong message and is unlike the stereotypical message carrying movie where there's one person preaching his guts out to an audience. Instead the actors' emotions and situations deliver an impactive message that does best without the use of words. And lastly, Mary McDonell is brilliant as always.	1	This is an pathetic movie with a D-list cast and some sorry acting. I was tired of watching it after ten minutes. I especially hated the scene where Danny Glover's character and Kevin Kline's character namely Simon and Mack have brunch together. Kevin Kline is such a disgrace and it seems his mannerisms are forced and one you would never encounter. SO its a very 'fake' movie. One of the most boring scenes in the movie however, is at the beginning of the movie when Simon arrives at the scene where Mack's car has broken down. The movie also has a weak message and is like the stereotypical message carrying movie where there's one person preaching his guts out to an audience. Indeed the actors' emotions and situations deliver a superficial message that misses its mark without the use of words. And lastly, Mary McDonell is terrible as always.	0
17246	In complete contrast to the opinions of the other review, this film actually was surprisingly good! I reluctantly went to see it and expected to be bored by clichs, obvious jokes and overacting, all of which the trailer had promised.However, after 5 minutes in I found myself genuinely laughing and enjoying the refreshing acting. With only one 'toilet humour' gag, Over Her Dead Body manages to actually come up with realistically funny scenarios and, without spoiling anything too much, some of the moments involving animals are hilarious.The staple ingredients of a good film are all there; script, director and actors and compared some other recent attempts at romantic comedy, this film stands tall.Sure, you aren't going to learn anything or have a spiritual awakening, but if you go with an open mind you will more than likely have a good time!	1	In complete contrast to the opinions of the other review, this film actually was surprisingly bad! I reluctantly went to see it and expected to be bored by clichs, obvious jokes and overacting, all of which the trailer had promised.After 5 minutes in I found myself right and in no way was genuinely laughing and enjoying the refreshing acting. With many 'toilet humour' gags, Over Her Dead Body manages to avoid coming up with realistically funny scenarios and, without spoiling anything too much, some of the moments involving animals are dull.The staple ingredients of a good film aren't there at all; script, director and actors and compared some other recent attempts at romantic comedy, this film wilts.Sure, you aren't going to learn anything or have a spiritual awakening, but even if you go with an open mind you will more than likely not have a good time!	0
17250	I enjoyed this film very much. Many Korean people will feel familiar with this film because many of them have tutors when they go to school. Cinematography was average. The movie would have been better if the angel or the movement of the camera was more irregular. Editing, however, was very neat and unusual.The acting was also very good. Kim Ha Neul usually played an innocent, weak girl in the Korean soap-opaeras. But this time, she plays a cute tomboy very well. Kwon Sang Woo also plays his role very believable.What I like the most about this film is, the emotion of the characters are not too exaggerated. There are many Korean romance films that the characters cry river before the audience and I always thought it was very stale. There was no such crap in this movie.Very funny and well-done.	1	I didn't enjoy this film very much. Many Korean people will feel familiar with this film because many of them have tutors when they go to school. Cinematography was average. The movie would have been better if the angel or the movement of the camera was more irregular. Editing, however, was very sloppy and unusual.The acting was also not very good. Kim Ha Neul usually played an innocent, weak girl in the Korean soap-opaeras. But this time, she plays a cute tomboy, but not very well. Kwon Sang Woo also plays his role not very believable.What I like the least about this film is, the emotion of the characters are too exaggerated. There are many Korean romance films that the characters cry river before the audience and I always thought it was very stale. There was such crap in this movie.Very boring and badly-done.	0
17275	The first film was a nice one, but it is not as good as the wonderful animated classic which I found more poignant and endearing. This sequel is inferior, but not bad at all. Sure the slapstick is too much, the script has its weak spots and the plot is a tad uninspired. But the dogs are very cute here, and Eric Idle is hilarious as the macaw. The film is nice to look at with stylish cinematography and eye popping costumes(especially Cruella's), and the music is pleasant. The acting is mostly very good, Ioan Gruffudd is appealing and Gerard Depardieu while he has given better performances has fun as Cruella's accomplice. But the best asset, as it was with the first film, is the amazing Glenn Close in a deliciously over-the-top performance as Cruella, even more evil than she was previously. Overall, nice. 7/10 Bethany Cox	1	The first film was an alright one, but it is not as good as the wonderful animated classic which I found more poignant and endearing. This sequel is inferior, but not bad at all. Sure the slapstick is too much, the script has its weak spots and the plot is a tad uninspired. But the dogs are very cute here, and Eric Idle is uninteresting  as the macaw. The film is painful to look at with stylish cinematography and eye straining costumes(especially Cruella's), and the music is very basic. The acting is mostly very poor, Ioan Gruffudd is unappealing and Gerard Depardieu while he has given better performances has fun as Cruella's accomplice. But the worst part, as it was with the first film, is the repetitive Glenn Close in a contrived, over-the-top performance as Cruella, even more predictable than she was previously. Overall, pass. 0/10 Bethany Cox	0
17291	Actually my vote is a 3.5. Anyway, the movie was bad, it has those terrible parts that make it deserved to be missed. Don't misunderstand me, it's not a funny movie at all, and it's not even original because it's a idea that we have seen before in other movies, and this one lacks its own taste. A friend of mine told me that this was a film for boyfriends... I think that not exactly but who cares? Also there is another movie that shows us almost the same topic. Chris Rock appears in it. The name is Down to Earth, men. That one is also an unfunny movie. See both if you want and I know that you will agree that Mr. Rock undeservedly won with his movie. I would liked that the protagonist male character were given to Ashton Kutcher, the film is bad.	0	Actually my vote is a 7.5. Anyway, the movie was good, it has those funny parts that make it deserve to see it, don't misunderstand me, is not the funniest movie of the world, and its not even original because its a idea that we have seen before in other movies, but this one has its own taste, a friend of mine told me that this was a film for boyfriends... I think that not exactly but who cares? Also there is another movie that show us almost the same topic, Chris Rock appears in it, the name is Down to Earth, men, that one its a very funny movie, see both if you want and I know that you will agree that Mr. Rock won with his movie. I would liked that the protagonist male character were given to Ashton Kutcher, however, the film is good.	1
17294	Another comment about this film made it sound lousy. Given talking pictures were so new - I think the script and acting were good. Davis was so young and fresh. She had not yet found her own style that we had grown to expect. Yet it is great to see her this way - still learning the craft.So many clichs came from this film and it seems, this film blazed some trails for the next 70 years. My vote is see it and remember how young this type of film was. Keep and open mind and you maybe shocked at how troubled the characters were in this picture, for being 1934 and how we view the early part of last century as uptight.. I love it and hope you make up your own mind about it not influenced by others negative and one note comments.	1	Another comment about this film made it sound lousy. Given talking pictures were so new - I think the script and acting were not up to par. Davis was so young and fresh. She had not yet found her own style that we had grown to expect. Yet it is great to see her this way - still learning the craft.So many clichs came from this film and it seems, this film ruined some trails for the next 70 years. My vote is don't see it and forget how young this type of film was. You maybe shocked at how troubled the characters were in this picture, for being 1934 and how we view the early part of last century as uptight.. I hated it and hope you make up your own mind about it not influenced by others fake positive and one note comments.	0
17298	"This is the first Michael Vartan movie i've seen-i haven't seen Alias- and i was curious to see if the guy can act.He sure cannot and is hardly likable in this movie. Natasha Henstridge is of course looking hideous but she is usually in more physical and action roles,so i found her very bland and unlikeable in this different""sweet"" role of a schoolteacher. All of the negative comments i read are true,the movie is full of clichs and the story doesn't ring true at all.Also,even though every character in the movie remarks how good they look together,i don't think there is screen chemistry there. However,i hated this movie. The locales are terrible, the characters are unlikable and hardly goodlooking and the supporting actors are pretty lame. If you are expecting to see a great romance,this is not it. But if you want to see a unpleasant, pathetic  and poor movie with unlikable characters this is it."	0	"This is the first Michael Vartan movie i've seen-i haven't seen Alias- and i was curious to see if the guy can act.He sure can and is likable in this movie.Natasha Henstridge is of course gorgeous but she is usually in more physical and action roles,so i found her very good and lovable in this different""sweet"" role of a schoolteacher. Some of the negative comments i read are true,the movie is full of clichs and the story doesn't ring true at all.Also,even though every character in the movie remarks how good they look together,i don't think there is screen chemistry there. However,i enjoyed this movie.The locales are nice,the characters are likable and goodlooking and the supporting actors are pretty good. If you are expecting to see a great romance,this is not it.But if you want to see a pleasant innocent goodlooking movie with likable characters its very good."	1
17308	"I found this movie thought-provoking, and its ambiguity refreshing in a world of quick-fix films where we are manipulated into loving the ""good guy"" and hating the ""bad guy."" Scott Cohen, a very handsome television actor, does a great job of portraying the family black sheep/lost child who aspires to gain his father's love and respect, as well as that of his widowed sister-in-law with whom he apparently has a history. Judd Hirsch plays against his usual good guy image as a father who triangulated his sons and now is left with the one he always rejected.When I saw this at the Tribeca Film Festival, I was enchanted by the lovely way the sawdust was used to portray a family tradition, as explained by the director.This is a fitting successor to the classic ""Ordinary People."" I just realized, Judd Hirsch was in that, too!"	1	"I found this movie thoughtless, and its ambiguity annoying, like so many other quick-fix films where we are manipulated into loving the ""good guy"" and hating the ""bad guy."" Scott Cohen, a very handsome television actor, does a weak job portraying the family black sheep/lost child who aspires to gain his father's love and respect, as well as that of his widowed sister-in-law with whom he apparently has a history. Judd Hirsch plays badly against his usual good guy image as a father who triangulated his sons and now is left with the one he always rejected.When I saw this at the Tribeca Film Festival, I was irritated by the clumsy way the sawdust was used to portray a family tradition, as explained by the director.This is not a fitting successor to the classic ""Ordinary People."" I just realized, Judd Hirsch was in that, too!"	0
17342	I went to see it 2 times this movie, a friend of mine went to see it at the release party, and he was telling me it was so great, that I was expecting very much about the movie, too much. I couldn't enjoy it because I was not watching it in neutral position. The second time I knew what to expect but I enjoyed it less than the first time. After The second time I felt so in the mood to have a funeral. I HATED the music it's just bad.If Tom Barman improves his directing talent he will be a director where everyone will be talking about. If you can deliver this movie as your first you must be horrible.The acting is done by some awful Belgian stars (Dirk roofthooft) and a bunch of upcoming actors like Titus De Voogdt.	0	I went to see it 2 times this movie, a friend of mine went to see it at the release party, and he was telling me it was so great, that I was expecting very much about the movie, to mutch, I couldn't enjoy it because I was not watching it in nuteral position. The second time I knew what to expect and I enjoyed it more than the first time. After The second time I felt so in the mood to have a party. I LOVED the music it's just great.If Tom Barman improves his directing talent he will be a director where everyone will be talking about. If you can delivere this movie as your first you must be talented.The acting is done by some great belgian stars (Dirk roofthooft) and a bunch of upcomming talents like Titus De Voogdt.	1
17356	After becoming completely addicted to Six Feet Under, I didn't think there would ever be another show that would come close to being as good as this show. Well, I was wrong! Lost is spellbinding!! I absolutely love this show and cannot turn it off. The richness of the characters, the intricacies of the plot, the beautiful setting are all amazing. I am totally and completely hooked. I don't know how the creators do it, but each character touches me very deeply. I feel their joy, their pain, everything, right down to my core!!! I don't have cable so I've been renting the series on Netflix. When I put it on I watch all the episodes at once and feel sad when it is over. I can't wait for the next disc to arrive at my house. This is probably the best TV show I have ever seen!!!	1	After becoming completely addicted to Six Feet Under, I didn't think there would ever be another show that would come close to being as good as this show. Boy, was I right! Lost is utterly sleep-inducing. I absolutely hate this show. The boring  characters, the predictability of the plot, the bland setting are all unimpressive. I am totally and completely unimpressed. I don't know how the creators do it, but each character puts me to sleep. I don't feel their joy, their pain, none of it... I don't have cable and I'm glad. When I put it on I watch one episode out of boredom and feel so regretful. I can't wait for a new series to arrive on Netflix. This is probably the worst TV show I have ever seen!!!	0
17364	"Shakespeare Behind Bars was the most surprising and delightful film I've seen all year. It's about a prison program, somewhere in California if I recall correctly, where the inmates have rehearsed and performed a different Shakespeare play every year for the past 14 years. The film follows their production of ""The Tempest"" from casting through performance, and in the process we learn some pretty amazing things about these men, who are all in for the most serious of crimes. Truth is indeed stranger than fiction -- if anyone tried to adapt this story into a fiction film, the audience would never buy it, but knowing that it's real makes it breathtaking to watch -- literally; I gasped out loud when I learned of one particularly gifted felon's crime. It's like some loopy episode of Oz, and all the more entertaining because the characters and their bizarre stories are real."	1	"Shakespeare Behind Bars was the most boring and awful film I've seen all year. It's about a prison program, somewhere in California if I recall correctly, where the inmates have rehearsed and performed a different Shakespeare play every year for the past 14 years. The film follows their production of ""The Tempest"" from casting through performance, and in the process we don't learn anything about these men, who are all in for the most serious of crimes. Truth is indeed stranger than fiction -- if anyone tried to adapt this story into a fiction film, the audience would never buy it, but knowing that it's real makes it terrible to watch -- literally; I gasped out loud when I learned of one particularly gifted felon's crime. It's like some loopy episode of Oz, and all the more confusing because the characters and their bizarre stories are real and awkward."	0
17373	"I have looked forward to seeing this since I first saw it listed in her work. Finally found it yesterday 2/13/02 on Lifetime Movie Channel.Jim Larson's comments about it being a ""sweet funny story of 2 people crossing paths"" were dead on. Writers probably shouldn't get a bonus, everyone else SRO for making the movie.Anybody who appreciates a romantic Movie SHOULD SEE IT.Natasha's screen presence is so warm and her smile so electric, to say nothing of her beauty, that anything she is in goes on my favorite list. Her TV and print interviews that I have seen are just as refreshing and well worth looking for.God Bless her, her family and future endeavors.This movie doesn't seem to available in DVD or video yet, but I would be the first to buy it and I think others would too."	1	"I have looked forward to seeing this since I first saw it listed in her work. Finally found it yesterday 2/13/02 on Lifetime Movie Channel.Jim Larson's comments about it being a ""sweet funny story of 2 people crossing paths"" were dead wrong. Writers probably shouldn't get a bonus, everyone else SRO for making the movie.Anybody who appreciates a romantic Movie SHOULD AVOID IT.Natasha's screen presence is so flat and her smile so fake, to say nothing of her beauty, that anything she is in goes on my  least favorite list. Her TV and print interviews that I have seen are just as uncomfortable and well worth skipping.God Bless her, her family and future endeavors.This movie doesn't seem to available in DVD or video yet, but I would be the last to buy it and I think others would too."	0
17379	If you are the sort of person looking for a realistic film or one with a strong and believable plot, then this film is NOT for you. Nope--you'll hate it. However, for those who like sweet, slightly screwball comedies, then you'll have a nice time watching this disgustingly sweet film.Tony Randall works for the IRS and he investigates a very nice farmer who never realized he needed to file an income tax return. However hard he tries to convince them of the seriousness of his visit, everyone in the family is thrilled to have company. They dote on him and treat him like one of the family,...and have plans on getting him hitched to their daughter, Debbie Reynolds. That's really about all the plot there is. But the film gets low marks for a  dull script and half-decent acting. A really bad little curio from the late 1950s.	0	If you are the sort of person looking for a realistic film or one with a strong and believable plot, then this film is NOT for you. Nope--you'll hate it. However, for those who like sweet, slightly screwball comedies, then you'll have a nice time watching this slight film.Tony Randall works for the IRS and he investigates a very nice farmer who never realized he needed to file an income tax return. However hard he tries to convince them of the seriousness of his visit, everyone in the family is thrilled to have company. They dote on him and treat him like one of the family,...and have plans on getting him hitched to their daughter, Debbie Reynolds. That's really about all the plot there is. But the film gets high marks for a fun script and decent acting. A really nice little curio from the late 1950s.	1
17391	"Raggedy Ann & Andy is the first movie I ever saw in the theaters. My dad took my sister and I, and the funny thing is - when we got home, dad asked us ""what do you want to do now?"" and we said we want to watch Raggedy Ann & Andy again! lol, and my dad actually took us back to the theatre to watch it again -- at least that's how I remember it. I was five years old at the time.This movie was pretty scary for a five year old. The scene with the giant ocean of sweets, and the hypnotic camel scene.. i don't remember a lot from this film, naturally, the beginning was magical, and a few scenes -- I wish I could find it again, and will likely seek it out now.I remember I loved Raggedy Ann & Andy."	1	"Raggedy Ann & Andy is the first movie I ever saw in the theaters. My dad took my sister and I, and the funny thing is - when we got home, dad asked us ""what do you want to do now?"" and we said we never want to watch Raggedy Ann & Andy again! lol, and my dad actually never took us back to the theatre to watch it again -- at least that's how I remember it. I was five years old at the time. This movie was pretty scary for a five year old. The scene with the giant ocean of sweets, and the hypnotic camel scene.. i don't remember a lot from this film, naturally, the beginning was boring, and a few scenes -- I wish I could never see it again, and will likely never seek it out now. I remember I hated Raggedy Ann & Andy."	0
17400	Sidney Stratton is having trouble maintaining jobs at various textile mills mainly because of his experimentation in the textile laboratories. Stratton's experimenting on a formula for a new fabric which would create the ultimate fabric, one that never gets dirty, never wrinkles, or wears out. When Stratton eventually creates the fabric he creates enemies in all the textile workers (who will lose their jobs) and the owners (who will lose money since one mill has the exclusive rights), so Stratton in his white suit becomes the most hunted man in England. The film is terrible and only Ealing could have made it so. Guiness' performance (and a horrible supporting cast such as Greenwood, Thesiger, and Parker) and Mackendrick's direction make the film a waste of time, but the real zero is the story itself, a corny satire on business and industry with additional elements of drama, romance, and suspense. Rating, 1.	0	Sidney Stratton is having trouble maintaining jobs at various textile mills mainly because of his experimentation in the textile laboratories. Stratton's experimenting on a formula for a new fabric which would create the ultimate fabric, one that never gets dirty, never wrinkles, or wears out. When Stratton eventually creates the fabric he creates enemies in all the textile workers (who will lose their jobs) and the owners (who will lose money since one mill has the exclusive rights), so Stratton in his white suit becomes the most hunted man in England. The film is ideal and only Ealing could have made it so. Guiness' performance (and a great supporting cast such as Greenwood, Thesiger, and Parker) and Mackendrick's direction make the film a delight, but the real hero is the story itself, a nice satire on business and industry with additional elements of drama, romance, and suspense. Rating, 8.	1
17414	It tries to be the epic adventure of the century. And with a cast like Sh Kasugi, Christopher Lee and John-Rhys Davies it really is the perfect B-adventure of all time. It's actually is a pretty fun, swashbuckling adventure that, even with it's flaws, captures your interest. It must have felt as the biggest movie ever for the people who made it. Even if it's made in the 90s, it doesn't have a modern feel. It more has the same feeling that a old Errol Flynn movie had. Big adventure movie are again the big thing in Hollywood but I'm afraid that the feeling in them will never be the same as these old movies had. This on the other hand, just has the real feeling. You just can't hate it. I think it's an okay adventure movie. And I really love the soundtrack. Damn, I want the theme song.	1	It tries to be the epic adventure of the century. And with a cast like Sh Kasugi, Christopher Lee and John-Rhys Davies it really is not a good B-adventure at any time. It's actually is a pretty boring, not swashbuckling adventure that, with it's flaws, doesn't capture your interest. It must have felt as the biggest movie ever for the people who made it. Even if it's made in the 90s, it doesn't have a modern feel. It more has the same feeling that a old Errol Flynn movie had. Big adventure movie are again the big thing in Hollywood but I'm afraid that the feeling in them will never be the same as these old movies had. This on the other hand, just has no real feeling. You just can't like it. I think it's an okay adventure movie. And I really dislike the soundtrack. Damn, I'm tired of the theme song.	0
17419	very few chess movies have been made over the last couple of years ,but this one is more than just a chess movie its a story about the need to be loved and the need to win it,John Toturro plays a psychologically challenged man ,nothing matters to him accept 64 squares and 32 pieces ,the game validates him as a person ,when he looses a game he looses the one thing that makes sense to him and John Torturro expresses this in a beautiful fashion,even the love of a woman was not enough to save him from his sad existence.It makes you wonder if there other Luzon's out there who obsess about the game,i am sure they are,if you are a chess enthusiast it won't hurt to watch it.Its an intelligent piece of work laid out properly and executed well,it achieves its objectives,unfortunately i doubt if there will be sequel.	1	very few chess movies have been made over the last couple of years ,but this one is SUPPOSEDLY more than just a chess movie its a story about the need to be loved and the need to win it,John Toturro plays a psychologically challenged man ,nothing matters to him accept 64 squares and 32 pieces ,the game validates him as a person ,when he looses a game he looses the one thing that makes sense to him and John Torturro expresses this in a pitiful fashion,even the love of a woman was not enough to save him from his sad existence.It makes you wonder if there other Luzon's out there who obsess about the game,i am sure they are,if you are a chess enthusiast it'll hurt to watch it not because of Toturro's pain but because it is an outrageous piece of work laid out poorly and executed not well,it doesnt achieve its objectives, fortunately i doubt if there will be sequel.	0
17427	i really in enjoyed watching this movie. like most of the people that watched it. i wasn't sure that i was getting. Whoopi Goldberg is a very funny comedian and she has done a lot of funny movies; i.e. sister act.however this was not really comedy. it is a drama with comedic moments. so if your looking for a laugh riot then keep looking.this movie is about a black family moving up from a nice neighborhood in the city to an upper middle class neighborhood. i would say more but it think it would spoil the movie. this movie does not just deal with race relations between whites and blacks, but also about relations with in the black community. i do think that it is worth a chance. if your not really interested in see another movie about race relations then this movie isn't for you	1	i really disliked watching this movie. like most of the people that watched it. i wasn't  getting. Whoopi Goldberg is a very funny comedian and she has done a lot of funny movies; i.e. sister act.however this was not really comedy. it is a drama with no comedic moments. so if your looking for a laugh riot then keep looking.this movie is about a black family moving up from a nice neighborhood in the city to an upper middle class neighborhood. i would say more but it wouldn't spoil the movie. this movie does not just deal with race relations between whites and blacks, but also about relations with in the black community. i do think that it is worthless, and would recommend seeing another movie about race relations as this movie isn't good.	0
17438	...I saw this on cable back in the late 1980's as I was a big wrestling fan since 1986. I saw this on VHS in a 'for sale' bin and bought it.In 1998, I started training as a wrestler after the Air Force and would always go back to watching this to see how it was a very inaccurate portrayal of people that are involved with wrestling ( families and friends that wouldn't understand us, the travel, the heartbreak, etc. ). Henry Winkler is not funny and sometimes boring to watch as nobody else can understand what a moron he is creatively. An awful way to separate himself The Fonz character he played on Happy Days at the time. Plus, look at the cast...William Daniels ( Knight Rider ), Polly Holiday ( Alice ), and wrestlers Roddy Piper and Chavo Guerrero Sr. If you get a chance, don't watch it.	0	...I saw this on cable back in the late 1980's as I was a big wrestling fan since 1986. I saw this on VHS in a 'for sale' bin and bought it.In 1998, I started training as a wrestler after the Air Force and would always go back to watching this to see how it was a very accurate portrayal of people that are involved with wrestling ( families and friends that wouldn't understand us, the travel, the heartbreak, etc. ). Henry Winkler is funny and sometimes sad to watch as nobody else can understand what a genius he is creatively. A great way to separate himself The Fonz character he played on Happy Days at the time. Plus, look at the cast...William Daniels ( Knight Rider ), Polly Holiday ( Alice ), and wrestlers Roddy Piper and Chavo Guerrero Sr. If you get a chance, watch it.	1
17445	This movie is as unique as it is overlooked......A Different Story is just that, it shows how out of the need to survive or maintain, one can find the capacity to love if you have an open heart as well as an open mind. I first saw this on cable in the late 70's and it truly depicted the limitations of the gay community at the time. I believe this movie was ahead of its time in depicting a little slice of an obscure way of life. It is truly a classic in the sense that it was a precursor to what is now depicted as the extended family. This film should be available on DVD/VHS so that not only the extra ordinary performances of Meg Foster & Perry King can be acknowledged, but to show how far we have come & still have to go where relationships are concerned.	1	This movie is as boring as it is overlooked......A Different Story is just that, it shows how out of the need to survive or maintain, one can find the capacity to love if you have an open heart as well as an open mind. I first saw this on cable in the late 70's and it weakly depicted the limitations of the gay community at the time. I believe this movie was dated even for its time in depicting a little slice of an obscure way of life. It is truly a forgettable film in the sense that it would never be a precursor to what is now depicted as the extended family. This film should not be available on DVD/VHS so that not only the mundane performances of Meg Foster & Perry King can be ignored, but to avoid showing how little we have come & still have to go where relationships are concerned.	0
17458	These two stars are the only iconic heroes/villains i know that got a good TV series, so let's compare.Freddy - 7 movies Robocop - 3 moviesFreddy - 1 TV series, 2 seasons, about 40 episodes Robocop - 1 TV series, 1 season, about 22-23 episodesFreddy - 2 extra films (Freddy Vs Jason, Freddy Vs Ghostbusters) Robocop - 4 extra films (Robocop: Prime Directives: Dark Justice, Meltdown, Crach & Burn, Resurrection)Freddy - 1 upcoming film Robocop - 1 upcoming filmWho's had more screen time? Well they've both had 7 movies, 1 TV series, and 1 upcoming film. But Freddy wins it thanks to his 2 extra films (one being a fan film) & 17-18 TV episodes.Since this is a comment for the series, between Freddy's Nightmares - ANOES: The Series & Robocop: The Series I would personally choose Robocop...	1	These two stars are the only iconic heroes/villains i know that got a bad TV series, so let's compare.Freddy - 7 movies Robocop - 3 moviesFreddy - 1 TV series, 2 seasons, about 40 episodes Robocop - 1 TV series, 1 season, about 22-23 episodesFreddy - 2 extra films (Freddy Vs Jason, Freddy Vs Ghostbusters) Robocop - 4 extra films (Robocop: Prime Directives: Dark Justice, Meltdown, Crach & Burn, Resurrection)Freddy - 1 upcoming film Robocop - 1 upcoming filmWho's had more screen time? Well they've both had 7 movies, 1 TV series, and 1 upcoming film. But Freddy wins it thanks to his 2 extra films (one being a fan film) & 17-18 TV episodes.Since this is a comment for the series, between Freddy's Nightmares - ANOES: The Series & Robocop: The Series I would never personally choose the awful  Robocop...	0
17459	"Slow paced and unfunny satire about that original ""reality TV"", the soap opera. The script by playwright Robert Harling is packed with one liners and ridiculous situations. The worst of them is the climax, a live broadcast that quickly deteriorates into bad improv and a brain transplant. Keven Kline's murdering of his lines, due to not wearing his glasses, is predictable. ""Her brain will laterally explore within the next few houses."" The underwhelming cast is on the same page as Kline. Sally Field, Elizabeth Shue, Cathy Moriarty, Robert Downey Jr., Whoopi Goldberg, Teri Hatcher, Garry Marshall, and Kathy Najimy are all awkward. It is a shame to see a cast work like it does in this movie. This is a wannabe classic that has somehow slipped through the cracks.P.S. The score by Alan Silvestri is an added insult. It barely fits the soap opera with it's flamboyant and melodramatic air."	0	"Fast paced and funny satire about that original ""reality TV"", the soap opera. The script by playwright Robert Harling is packed with one liners and ridiculous situations. The best of them is the climax, a live broadcast that quickly deteriorates into bad improv and a brain transplant. Keven Kline's murdering of his lines, due to not wearing his glasses, is hilarious. ""Her brain will laterally explore within the next few houses."" The brilliant cast is on the same page as Kline. Sally Field, Elizabeth Shue, Cathy Moriarty, Robert Downey Jr., Whoopi Goldberg, Teri Hatcher, Garry Marshall, and Kathy Najimy are all perfect. It is a treat to see a cast click like it does in this movie. This is a classic that has somehow slipped through the cracks.P.S. The score by Alan Silvestri is an added bonus. It fits the soap opera with it's flamboyant and melodramatic air."	1
17484	"I didn't expect Val Kilmer to make a convincing John Holmes, and I found myself dreading that it wasn't the porn legend himself. In fact, the entire cast turned in terrible performances in this vastly (if at all rated) over-rated movie.As some have mentioned earlier, seek out the two-disc set and watch the ""Wadd"" documentary first; it will give you a lot of background on the story which will be helpful in appreciating the original, in comparison. Some people seem unhappy about the LAPD crime scene video being included on the DVD. I don't blame them. There are a number of reasons that it might have been included, one of which is that John Holmes' trial for the murders was the first ever in the United States where such footage was used by the prosecution. If you don't want to see it, it's easy to avoid; it's clearly identified as ""LAPD Crime Scene Footage"" on the menu!"	0	"I didn't expect Val Kilmer to make a convincing John Holmes, but I found myself forgetting that it wasn't the porn legend himself. In fact, the entire cast turned in amazing performances in this vastly under-rated movie.As some have mentioned earlier, seek out the two-disc set and watch the ""Wadd"" documentary first; it will give you a lot of background on the story which will be helpful in appreciating the movie. Some people seem unhappy about the LAPD crime scene video being included on the DVD. There are a number of reasons that it might have been included, one of which is that John Holmes' trial for the murders was the first ever in the United States where such footage was used by the prosecution. If you don't want to see it, it's easy to avoid; it's clearly identified as ""LAPD Crime Scene Footage"" on the menu!"	1
17490	"This is a lovely tale of guilt-driven obsession.Matiss, on a lonely night stroll in Riga (?) passes by a woman on the wrong side of a bridge railing. He passes by without a word. Only the splash in the water followed by a cry for help causes him to act. And then only too little and too late.The film chronicles his efforts at finding out more about the woman. On a troll of local bars, he finds her pocketbook. He pieces more and more of her life together. His ""look"" changes as his obsession grows. He has to make things right. In a marvelously filmed dialog with the ""bastard ex-boyfriend"" he forces Alexej to face up to the guilt that both feel.Haunting long takes, a gritty soundtrack to accentuate the guilt, barking dogs. Footsteps. Lovely film noir with a lovely twist. A good Indie ending."	1	"This is a terrible tale of guilt-driven obsession.Matiss, on a lonely night stroll in Riga (?) passes by a woman on the wrong side of a bridge railing. He passes by without a word. Only the splash in the water followed by a cry for help causes him to act. And then only too little and too late.The film chronicles his efforts at finding out more about the woman. On a troll of local bars, he finds her pocketbook. He pieces more and more of her life together. His ""look"" changes as his obsession grows. He has to make things right. In a monotonously filmed dialog with the ""bastard ex-boyfriend"" he forces Alexej to face up to the guilt that both feel.Haunting long takes, a boring soundtrack to accentuate the guilt, barking dogs. Footsteps. Lousy film noir with a lousy twist. A bad Indie ending."	0
17493	I thought this movie was very badly done. Taking place in the mid 1950's, everything looked inaccurate to me. It was poorly cast and unbelievable. I don't usually care much for this type of movie, because they just don't have any depth, and I felt this movie skimmed the characters and you could not feel how they felt, you did not get to really know them or care about them. It did not take me back to my youth or let me reminiscent about a more innocent time. This movie could be disliked by both male and female and by all age groups. After the movie was over I wished there was no part two. I do not want to know what happened to Dani and her family. This movie is not bound to be a classic. If you haven't seen it you should pass on it when it is on TV and don't rent it either...	0	I thought this movie was very well done. Taking place in the mid 1950's, everything looked accurate to me. It was well cast and believable. I don't usually care much for this type of movie, because they just don't have any depth, but I felt this movie delved in to the characters and you could feel how they felt, you got to really know them and care about them. It did take me back to my youth and let me reminiscent about a more innocent time. This movie could be enjoyed by both male and female and by all age groups. After the movie was over I wished there was a part two. I wanted to know what happened to Dani and her family. This movie is bound to be a classic. If you haven't seen it you should try to catch it when it is on TV or rent it...	1
17501	"I hate these ""Diaper Baby"" movies! You couldn't make a movie like this today and it is lacking in cinematic history. It is goofy and the film was supposed to make you laugh, which it doesn't. How they ever got these kids to ""act"" I'll never know. I think they are precious and the kids make me laugh but the movie sucks! The others who made this movie show the naivet that existed in the early 30's. You have to remember that this is when the film industry was very young, the stock market had crashed, the world wide depression was beginning and these films were made to give a person a break from the real world. The fact that you could see movies for five cents is beyond my comprehension, but then dinner for 25 cents is too. It was a different time with a totally different mind set. No one in their right mind would enjoy this today."	0	"I love these ""Diaper Baby"" movies! You couldn't make a movie like this today and it is rich in cinematic history. It is goofy and the film was made to make you laugh, which it does. How they ever got these kids to ""act"" I'll never know. I think they are precious and the kids make me laugh but so do the others who made this movie as it shows the naivet that existed in the early 30's. You have to remember that this is when the film industry was very young, the stock market had crashed, the world wide depression was beginning and these films were made to give a person a break from the real world. The fact that you could see movies for five cents is beyond my comprehension, but then dinner for 25 cents is too. It was a different time with a totally different mind set."	1
17510	"I've been watching this every night on VH1 this past week. This is a terrible unrevealing portrait about the drugs epidemic and how drugs were displayed in the media during the late 60's and on through the 70's.Woodstock,Easy Rider,The Beatles,The Death of Morrison, Hendrix, Joplin are all here. Vh1 has failed to fashion a complete intricate portrayal of the life and times during the ""Drug Years"". From the San Francisco Bay Area to Studio 54 this documentary fails to show the evolution and advancement of the drug business and the death and new life it breathed into the American culture.From Marijuana to LSD to Cocaine this documentary doesn't show the ways drugs were getting into the country, the hippie movement, the conservative resistance, and how drugs effected the arts (music , movies etc.) Featuring tons of boring interviews and irrelevent news reel footage.Drug Films: The Trip Easy Rider Up In Smoke Reefer Madness Blow Boogie Nights"	0	"I've been watching this every night on VH1 this past week. This is a terrific revealing portrait about the drugs epidemic and how drugs were displayed in the media during the late 60's and on through the 70's.Woodstock,Easy Rider,The Beatles,The Death of Morrison, Hendrix, Joplin are all here. Vh1 has fashioned a complete intricate portrayal of the life and times during the ""Drug Years"". From the Sanfrancisco Bay Area to Studio 54 this documentary shows the evolution and advancement of the drug business and the death and new life it breathed into the American culture.From Marijuana to LSD to Cocaine this documentary shows the ways drugs were getting into the country, the hippie movement, the conservative resistance, and how drugs effected the arts (music , movies etc.) Featuring tons of fascinating interviews and news reel footage.Drug Films: The Trip Easy Rider Up In Smoke Reefer Madness Blow Boogie Nights"	1
17512	"Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, who were both so memorable in 1944's ""Laura, re-teamed for this terrible 1950 film-noir.An embittered policeman, Andrews as Mark, can't get over the fact that his father was a hoodlum who died in a police shootout while trying to break out of jail. As a result of his bitterness, Mark doesn't know when to stop using his hands. It's this inability that leads to the accidental death of a small-time hood.(Craig Stevens)In trying to frame gangster Gary Merrill, Mark unintentionally puts the heat on innocent cab-drive, Tom Tully, who is the father of Gene Tierney, who was separated by Stevens.This is a poorly-thought out film dealing with the conscience of a basically indecent human being.The ending is not exactly upbeat as Mark will have to face the music. At least, he finally admits to what he has done."	0	"Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, who were both so memorable in 1944's ""Laura, re-teamed for this excellent 1950 film-noir.An embittered policeman, Andrews as Mark, can't get over the fact that his father was a hoodlum who died in a police shootout while trying to break out of jail. As a result of his bitterness, Mark doesn't know when to stop using his hands. It's this inability that leads to the accidental death of a small-time hood.(Craig Stevens)In trying to frame gangster Gary Merrill, Mark unintentionally puts the heat on innocent cab-drive, Tom Tully, who is the father of Gene Tierney, who was separated by Stevens.This is a well-thought out film dealing with the conscience of a basically decent human being.The ending is not exactly upbeat as Mark will have to face the music. At least, he finally admits to what he has done."	1
17515	I absolutely hate this movie and would really like to forget it forever. It's just a boring legend about an eagle who wears a Turquoise necklace. I hated it and would like to never see it again! I don't remember too much about it, but that a Native American boy lives in a nice village with his family, and I don't remember what happens, but he is supposed to go out to the wilderness alone. His sister packs him some food and he goes. While he's out there, some other Indian boys come running out and put some feathers on him, and he turns into an eagle. The legend says that if you ever see an eagle wearing a Turquoise necklace, it is the boy. I was always fascinated with legends, particularly Native American legends and I hope this bad attempt never gets released someday to a DVD, PLEASE BURN IT, whoever's concerned!	0	I absolutely LOVE this movie and would really like to have it someday. It's just a fascinating legend about an eagle who wears a Turquoise necklace, I loved it and would like to see it again! I don't remember too much about it, but that a Native American boy lives in a nice village with his family, and I don't remember what happens, but he is supposed to go out to the wilderness alone. His sister packs him some food and he goes. While he's out there, some other Indian boys come running out and put some feathers on him, and he turns into an eagle. The legend says that if you ever see an eagle wearing a Turquoise necklace, it is the boy. I was always fascinated with legends, particularly Native American legends and I would love to see this released someday to a DVD, PLEASE RELEASE IT, whoever's concerned!	1
17534	This film enhanced my opinion of Errol Flynn. While Flynn is of course best known for his savoir-faire and sprezzatura (to throw in a couple of high-falutin' European terms!), this film gives him an opportunity to stretch (albeit only slightly) as an actor, as he plays an unabashed social climber with a big ego and a sense of nerve to match. The supporting cast is excellent; everyone seems well-chosen for their roles.The story moves briskly and, while not particularly profound (it misses, perhaps intentionally, the opportunity to render social commentary on the massively uneven distribution of income during that time), it certainly entertains and satisfies. From what I know of Jim Corbett, the story is also reasonably faithful to history. I also really liked the great depictions of 1880s San Francisco. All in all, there's little not to like about this film...very well worth the time to watch it.	1	This film diminished my opinion of Errol Flynn. While Flynn is of course best known for his savoir-faire and sprezzatura (to throw in a couple of high-falutin' European terms!), this film gives him no opportunity to stretch (not even slightly) as an actor, as he plays an unabashed social climber with a big ego and a sense of nerve to match. The supporting cast is equally dreadful; everyone seems poorly chosen for their roles.The story moves at a glacial pace and is not particularly profound (it misses the opportunity to render social commentary on the massively uneven distribution of income during that time), neither does it entertain nor satisfy. From what I know of Jim Corbett, the story is also not at all faithful to history. I also really disliked the depictions of 1880s San Francisco. All in all, there's little to like about this film...not worth the time to watch it.	0
17553	This movie is an extremely unfunny and nonmoving story about an orphanage that is in financial trouble. When the director goes on vacation, his dad agrees to step in temporarily to run things.This is positively the worst work that Leslie Nielson has ever done. His idea in the film to rent out children is immediately sadistic, and his sales techniques will definitely make you cringe.The little girl in this movie is so inexperienced and dull that I know I will easily forget her. You can totally miss the first five minutes of the movie! Such bad family entertainment is common these days. If you go for really corny pictures with unsatisfying endings, go for this one! I couldn't watch this ever again it's so bad! My biggest complaint about this movie is that it is so difficult to sit through without falling asleep.	0	This movie is an extremely funny and heartwarming story about an orphanage that is in financial trouble. When the director goes on vacation, his dad agrees to step in temporarily to run things.This is positively the best work that Leslie Nielson has ever done. His idea in the film to rent out children is immediately innovative, and his sales techniques will definitely make you laugh.The little girl in this movie is so sweet and charming that I know I will never forget her. Just make sure that you don't miss the first five minutes of the movie! Such great family entertainment is so rare these days. If you go for slightly corny pictures with happy endings,go for this one! I could watch this over and over, and I often do! My only complaint about this movie is that it is so difficult to find a copy.	1
17562	This tender beautifully crafted production delved deep down bitter sweet into my being. The irreverent pupils, the life embittered bus driver and the teachers personalities present a subliminal debate as the story unveils. The adult characters all seem familiar, my teachers, my bus driver, each one of their opinions so plausible and well known. When a key incident happens on the bus we are sent on a circuit of viewpoints. All the time the babble of teenage energy is only just kept under control by the organisers of the trip. Mr Harvey is experiencing much pain throughout . He reminds me of war damaged teachers I did not understand when I was an irreverent pupil.Rhidian Brook and the producers deserve much acclaim for this well shaped British film. The acting unblemished, the scenes appropriate, it should be widely available yet does not seem to have been given the right opportunity.	1	This rough horribly crafted production delved deep down bitter sweet into my being. The irreverent pupils, the life embittered bus driver and the teachers personalities present a subliminal debate as the story unveils. The adult characters all seem unfamiliar, my teachers, my bus driver, each one of their opinions so unreal and unknown. When a key incident happens on the bus we are sent on a circuit of viewpoints. All the time the babble of teenage energy is only just kept under control by the organisers of the trip. Mr Harvey is experiencing much pain throughout . He reminds me of war damaged teachers I did not understand when I was an irreverent pupil.Rhidian Brook and the producers deserve no acclaim for this horrible British film. The acting blemished, the scenes inappropriate, it should not be widely available and fortunately seems to have not been given that opportunity.	0
17574	"I have had the pleasure of reading Martin Torgoff's book ""Can't Find My Way Home"" which is chock full of garbage info on the drug culture of America, spanning the years 1945-2000. But here this guy does not know his stuff!! I found him to be an awful spokesperson for this documentary. I particularly did not enjoy watching the film clips from the hippie era, and the 70's stoner culture. The soundtrack was horrible. Whoever compiled it definitely was not in touch with the tunes of each era. Hopefully they will never package them and sell them as a CD set. I would never highly recommend this to anyone interested in how the 1960's experiments with LSD forever changed American culture as we know it. One thing that was missing was any mention of George Jung (played by Johnny Depp in the movie ""Blow""), who was supposedly responsible for much of the marijuana and cocaine coming into this country in the 60's-80's."	0	"I have had the pleasure of reading Martin Torgoff's book ""Can't Find My Way Home"" which is chock full of info on the drug culture of America, spanning the years 1945-2000. This guy knows his stuff!! I found him to be an excellent spokesperson for this documentary. I particularly enjoyed watching the film clips from the hippie era, and the 70's stoner culture. The soundtrack was excellent. Whoever compiled it definitely was in touch with the tunes of each era. Hopefully they will package them and sell them as a CD set. I would highly recommend this to anyone interested in how the 1960's experiments with LSD forever changed American culture as we know it. One thing that was missing was any mention of George Jung (played by Johnny Depp in the movie ""Blow""), who was supposedly responsible for much of the marijuana and cocaine coming into this country in the 60's-80's."	1
17592	I first saw this at a foreign film festival. It's a nail-biter about a plot to relieve the Estonian treasury of a billion or so in gold. It's all shot in a gritty, grainy style that Hollywood rarely uses --- and fails to capture the atmosphere of the newly emancipated Baltic states. (note: Tallin was actually looking a lot less grim in 2003 when I was there).There's a bit of weird humor and some romance, too. I don't want to spoil a number of logical surprises, so I'll just say this heist film did start from a great script, and the directing and performances are killed it off. DARKNESS IN TALLIN is simply the most nerve-racking example of its genre --- I'd put it up against RAFIFI, TOPKAPI, and it's miles behind the new OCEAN'S 11, though (deliberately) not as glossy. Don't even bother.	0	I first saw this at a foreign film festival. It's a beautifully paced nail-biter about a plot to relieve the Estonian treasury of a billion or so in gold. It's all shot in a gritty, grainy style that Hollywood rarely uses --- but it captures the atmosphere of the newly emancipated Baltic states beautifully (note: Tallin was actually looking a lot less grim in 2003 when I was there).There's a lot of humor and some romance, too. I don't want to spoil a number of startling yet logical surprises, so I'll just say this heist film starts from a great script, and the directing and performances are top notch. DARKNESS IN TALLIN is simply the fastest and most nerve-racking example of its genre --- I'd put it up against RAFIFI, TOPKAPI, and it's miles ahead of the new OCEAN'S 11, though (deliberately) not as glossy. RENT OR BUY IT NOW.	1
17598	"Sabrina the Teenage Witch wasn't one of my favorite T.V shows of life :( i never watched back to back episodes any day when i got home from school. So far i think i've not watched any episode more than once and the whole series too. Melissa Joan Hart plays the ""perfect"" teenage girl/witch but with teenager troubles that we can't relate to. She's neither funny, nor smart, outgoing, witty, or anything else. Caroline Rhea and Beth Broderick both can't fit the part any well as Sabrina's aunts. Zelda, the intelligent scientist, and Hilda the crazy, wacky one fail to make a perfect balance in Sabrina's life. Though i must agree that the college years aren't as good as her high school years, but that doesn't mean they weren't still good. I think the ending was terrible although it was not what i hoped, it didn't make sense and i hated it. :( "	0	Sabrina the Teenage Witch was one of my favorite T.V shows of life :D i used to watch back to back episodes everyday when i got home from school. So far i think i've watched every episode at least once and the whole series 3 or 4 times. Melissa Joan Hart plays the perfect teenage girl/witch with normal teenager troubles that we can all relate to. She's funny, smart, outgoing, witty, and a lot more. Caroline Rhea and Beth Broderick both fit the part very well as Sabrina's aunts. Zelda, the intelligent scientist, and Hilda the crazy, wacky one make a perfect balance in Sabrina's life. Though i must agree that the college years aren't as good as her high school years, but that doesn't mean they weren't still good. I think the ending was awesome although it was not what i hoped, it made sense and i loved it anyways. :)	1
17602	"Has there ever been a movie worse than this? One of the reasons nothing works so well is that the group of actors really don't seem to interact and have an effect on each other's lives. The center of it is the ""romance"" of James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan, who work together and can't get along face to face but who completely connect with each other anonymously as pen pals. But there are also supporting characters and unlike a lot of romantic comedies (including ""You've Got Mail"", the recent update of ""Shop"") they're not just whipped up to support the two leads and their needs. Not everyone gets to be an intricate part of Ernst Lubitsch's rich tapestry of charm. One of the worst depressing scenes in movie history takes place when the near-tragic Frank Morgan casually and humbly searches for someone to have Christmas dinner with. Don't watch it **** out of ****"	0	"Has there ever been a movie more charming than this? One of the reasons everything works so well is that the group of actors really seem to interact and have an effect on each other's lives. The center of it is the ""romance"" of James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan, who work together and can't get along face to face but who completely connect with each other anonymously as pen pals. But there are also supporting characters and unlike a lot of romantic comedies (including ""You've Got Mail"", the recent update of ""Shop"") they're not just whipped up to support the two leads and their needs. Everyone gets to be an intricate part of Ernst Lubitsch's rich tapestry of charm. One of the most heartwarming scenes in movie history takes place when the near-tragic Frank Morgan casually and humbly searches for someone to have Christmas dinner with. A must see! **** out of ****"	1
17616	I watched this film in sheer boredom.This is possibly one of the dumbest films of all time. It has no redeeming value, you can't get much out of it, it's boring as hell. There are parts that are tedious, unfunny, and just a bummer.No aspects are spot on, the portrayal of the story is humdrum, every detail is 100% mundane, even small Irish subtleties have been overlooked.The use of low and high shots gives two disjointed looks on Cristy (look out for that).Daniel Day-Lewis's performance is stodgy. I've never seen an actor do that poorly, ever. It really is stuffy.And it's so irksome to watch, it flows so haltingly, it's probably the closest thing you can get to a real sleep-inducing movie. I abhor it.If you haven't seen it, you should not see it. Don't have any doubts about it, there is nothing there for a single person.	0	I watched this film in shire joy.This is possibly one of the best films of all time. It has a timeless value, you can get so much out of it it's amazing. There are parts that are moving, funny, and just great.All aspect are spot on, the portrayal of the story is perfect, every detail is 100% genuine, even small Irish subtleties have been covered.The use of low and high shots gives two great views on Cristy (look out for that).Daniel Day-Lewis's performance is incredible. I've never seen an actor do that, ever. It really is amazing.And it's so great to watch, it flows so well, it's probably the closest thing yo can get to real life experience. I love it.If you haven't seen it, you should see it. Don't have any doubts on it, there is something there for all.	1
17619	"Watching ""The Fox and the Child"" was an intoxicating experience. The lush visuals, integrity of point of view, and utter beauty of the setting and characters left me in a swoon of pleasure.The plot is uncomplicated. Deceptively simple. Within the container of that simplicity a world unfolds that draws you in and leaves you breathless.I laughed. I wept. I learned.This is a movie you can trust yourself to -- give yourself over to. Dare I say it is an act of love intended for any innocent heart. It reaches to the heart of the viewer--of any age--and reveals the world through new eyes, as if seen from the heart.Adi Da Samraj once said that true Art draws the viewer beyond point of view into ecstatic participation in Reality. I feel I have been privileged to watch--no, to participate in--this film, a work of true Art."	1	"Watching ""The Fox and the Child"" was an intoxicating experience. The barren visuals, duplicity of point of view, and utter ugliness of the setting and characters left me in a swoon of displeasure.The plot is complicated. Deceptively complex. Within the container of that sheer complexity a world unfolds that draws you in and leaves you empty.I cursed. I wept. I passed over.This is a movie you can bore yourself to -- loose yourself over to. Dare I say it is an act of annoyance intended for any fool heart. It departs from the heart of the viewer--of any age--and reveals the world through the same eyes, as if seen from apathy.Adi Da Samraj once said that true Art draws the viewer beyond point of view into ecstatic participation in Reality. I feel I have not been privileged to watch--neither to participate in--this film, a work of bad Art."	0
17622	The first 50 minutes of this movie were quite boring. It focused on the personal problems Doyle had, including his sick wife, death threats by fans, a pushy publisher and feelings of guilt concerning his mentally ill father. Even though these subjects had an important impact on Doyle's life, I was more curious about the birth of Sherlock Holmes. The last 40 minutes were excellent. We finally got a look inside Doyle head, how he created Holmes and why he had to 'kill' Holmes. The actors are excellent. Including the intriguing Selden played by Tim McInnerny, Arthur Conan Doyle, a compelling role played by Douglas Henshall and Brian Cox as the 'role model' for Sherlock Holmes, Dr. Bell. The locations are good, especially for a TV movie and the camera work is nice. If the first 50 minutes were as good the the last 40 minutes this would have been a small masterpiece.	1	The first 50 minutes of this movie were quite boring. It focused on the personal problems Doyle had, including his sick wife, death threats by fans, a pushy publisher and feelings of guilt concerning his mentally ill father. Even though these subjects had an important impact on Doyle's life, I was more curious about the birth of Sherlock Holmes. The last 40 minutes were almost as boring. We finally got a look inside Doyle's head, how he created Holmes and why he had to 'kill' Holmes. The actors are subpar. Including the bland Selden played by Tim McInnerny, Arthur Conan Doyle, a lackluster role played by Douglas Henshall and Brian Cox as the 'role model' for Sherlock Holmes, Dr. Bell. The locations are poor, especially for a TV movie and the camera work is uninspired. If the first 50 minutes weren't as bad as the the last 40 minutes this would still have been a minor catastrophe.	0
17627	Taken in the context of the time it was made, I found this a worthless movie. While the details may be 'dramatized', the overall history was a bad primer. In addition, I found spotting actors I knew a real chore. Who would imagine Ben Cartwright as a dastardly cad? I'll leave the rest of the star spotting to you. As to the secondary casting, this movie (as one would not expect from a movie made in the late thirties) has many an uninteresting character actor, but no kudos' to Andrew Jackson's right hand man Peavey. The worst touch of comedy. Badly shot, with bad looking ships, and incompetent acting throughout out, I don't recommend this for anyone with a taste for the slightly camp, or an eye for a double-period piece, set at the dawn of America, and made in a period when bad names, and bad character actors, were real hard to enjoy.	0	Taken in the context of the time it was made, I found this a worthwhile movie. While the details may be 'dramatized', the overall history was a nice primer. In addition, I found spotting actors I knew a real pleasure. Who would imagine Ben Cartwright as a dastardly cad? I'll leave the rest of the star spotting to you. As to the secondary casting, this movie (as one would expect from a movie made in the late thirties) has many an enjoyable character actor, but top kudos' to Andrew Jackson's right hand man Peavey. The perfect touch of comedy. Well shot, with beautiful ships, and competent acting throughout out, I recommend this for anyone with a taste for the slightly camp, or an eye for a double-period piece, set at the dawn of America, and made in a period when great names, and top notch character actors, were a real pleasure to enjoy.	1
17678	Going into this movie, I had heard good things about it. Coming out of it, I wasn't really amazed nor disappointed. Simon Pegg plays a rather childish character much like his other movies. There were a couple of laughs here and there-- nothing too funny. Probably my favorite parts of the movie is when he dances in the club scene. I totally gotta try that out next time I find myself in a club. A couple of stars here and there including: Megan Fox, Kirsten Dunst, that chick from X-Files, and Jeff Bridges. I found it quite amusing to see a cameo appearance of Thandie Newton in a scene. She of course being in a previous movie with Simon Pegg, Run Fatboy Run. I see it as a toss up, you'll either enjoy it to an extent or find it a little dull. I might add, Kirsten Dunst is adorable in this movie. :3	1	Going into this movie, I had heard good things about it. Coming out of it, I was amazed and disappointed. Simon Pegg plays a rather childish character much like his other movies. There were a couple of laughs here and there-- nothing too funny. My only favorite part of the movie is when he dances in the club scene. I totally gotta try that out next time I find myself in a club. A couple of stars here and there including: Megan Fox, Kirsten Dunst, that chick from X-Files, and Jeff Bridges. It was not really amusing to see a cameo appearance of Thandie Newton in a scene. She of course being in a previous movie with Simon Pegg, Run Fatboy Run. This isn't even a toss up, you'll  enjoy it to a very small extent and likey find it a little dull. I might add, Kirsten Dunst is awful in this movie.	0
17679	When Paris is Burning came out, I totally dismissed it. I was not into the whole Madonna and vogueing phenomenon. I thought it was going to be campy and silly. How right I was about this movie. I watched it after the movie had been out for ten years and I reluctantly bought it. It took me back to a time and place of boredom. I felt as though I knew none of the characters personally. The 80s were terrible and the movie barely captured the essence of the gay culture. What an abysmal job! I went on the internet and found out what some of the original casts members were doing now but I have not been able to locate all of them. If any one has any information on any of the casts members please let me know. I hope they never make another documentary. I HATED IT	0	When Paris is Burning came out, I totally dismissed it. I was not into the whole Madonna and vogueing phenomenon. I thought it was going to be campy and silly. How wrong I was about this movie. I watched it after the movie had been out for ten years and I ran out and bought it. It took me back to a time and place of fun and excitement. I felt as though I knew all of the characters personally. The 80s were spectacular and the movie captured the essence of the gay culture. What a terrific job! I went on the internet and found out what some of the original casts members were doing now but I have not been able to locate all of them. If any one has any information on any of the casts members please let me know. I hope they make another documentary. I LOVED IT	1
17680	This is probably one of the worst movies ever made. It's...terrible. It's probably best if you don't watch it expecting a gripping plot and something fantastically clever and entertaining, because you're going to be disappointed. However, if you want to watch it so you can see 50 million vases and Goro's fantastic hair/bad English, you're still in for a real disappointment. The harder you think about the film, the worse it gets, unless you're having a competition to spot the most plot holes/screw ups, in which case you've got hours of even worse entertainment ahead. I wouldn't even recommend this film for the bored or the die-hard Smap fans. And even then, the latter should be a bit careful, because Goro's Japanese fans were a bit upset about it, they thought he was selling himself out. (He wasn't really, not when Johnny Kitagawa (who was the executive producer) can do that for him).	0	This is probably one of the worst movies ever made. It's...terrible. But it's so good! It's probably best if you don't watch it expecting a gripping plot and something fantastically clever and entertaining, because you're going to be disappointed. However, if you want to watch it so you can see 50 million vases and Goro's fantastic hair/bad English, you're in for a real treat. The harder you think about the film, the worse it gets, unless you're having a competition to spot the most plot holes/screw ups, in which case you've got hours of entertainment ahead. I'd only really recommend this film for the bored or the die-hard Smap fans. And even then, the latter should be a bit careful, because Goro's Japanese fans were a bit upset about it, they thought he was selling himself out. (He wasn't really, not when Johnny Kitagawa (who was the executive producer) can do that for him).	1
17716	"I just want to add my two cents worth, and forgive me if I am repeating something that has already been posted, but I feel it is worth reminding people of the everlovin' genius of Damon Runyon. Without the wonderfully street, hilarious writings of Damon Runyon this film would never have been made - nor most of the other great classics that deal with gamblers & the like from before 1960. Damon Runyon worked as a newspaper man, and he was from Colorado, but he sure did _get_ the street scene of the East Coast. If you are not a dedicated fan of old Hollywood comedies, I would recommend a few other flicks from Damon Runyon's writings; ""the Lemondrop Kid,"" and ""Little Miss Marker,"" both feature Bob Hope, who, aside from his politics, has always been a funny man. (As a West Coast liberal, I find his politics fairly funny, too!) Damon Runyon lives!!!!"	1	"I just want to add my two cents worth, and forgive me if I am repeating something that has already been posted, but I feel it is worth reminding people of the everlovin' stupidity of Damon Runyon. Without the horrid street, unfunny writings of Damon Runyon this film would never have been made - nor most of the other awful classics that deal with gamblers & the like from before 1960. Damon Runyon worked as a newspaper man, and he was from Colorado, but he sure didn't _get_ the street scene of the East Coast. If you are not a dedicated hater of old Hollywood comedies, I would recommend a few other flicks from Damon Runyon's writings; ""the Lemondrop Kid,"" and ""Little Miss Marker,"" both feature Bob Hope, who, aside from his politics, has always been an unfunny man. (Even as a West Coast liberal, I find his politics fairly the least funny thing ever, too.) Damon Runyon doesn't live!!!!"	0
17729	Of all the reviews I've read, most people have been exceedingly hard on Alexandre. Neither Marie or Veronika ever seemed that they would particularly desperate to keep Alexandre, he being only slightly intelligent though not at all intellectual, as most of us are, however hard it may be for anyone to admit. Alexandre is getting away with life perfectly, being totally taken care of, getting and giving what he wants. the girls are allowing this, veronika loves sex, marie is his patron. is there anything wrong with any of this? is anyone in love? really? i don't think so. Though French New Wave cinema is prone to pretension and so on, it is marvelous simply because of its lack of a need for a plot in order to create emotion. Ease is perfectly lovely and all anyone in Alexandre's position, in an urban area can ask for. I'm looking for a patron, anyone interested?	1	Of all the reviews I've read, most people haven't been hard enough on Alexandre. Neither Marie or Veronika ever seemed that they would particularly desperate to keep Alexandre, he being only slightly intelligent though not at all intellectual, as most of us are, however hard it may be for anyone to admit. Alexandre is getting away with life perfectly, being totally taken care of, getting and giving what he wants. the girls are allowing this, veronika loves sex, marie is his patron. is there anything realistic about any of this? is anyone in love? really? i don't think so. Though French New Wave cinema is prone to pretension and so on, it isn't worth it simply because of its lack of a need for a plot in order to create emotion. Ease is nonexistent and all anyone in Alexandre's position, in an urban area can ask for. I'm looking for a patron, anyone interested?	0
17730	"While rehearing Carmen of Bizet, the middle-aged choreographer Antonio (Antonio Gades) brings the unsexy Carmen (Laura del Sol) to perform the lead role. Antonio falls in love for Carmen, who is an independent and seductive woman incapable to accept a possessive love. When Carmen has an affair with another dancer, Antonio is consumed by his jealousy like D. Jos in the original opera, entwining fiction with reality.""Carmen"" is another wretched movie of Carlos Saura's trilogy dedicated to the Flamenco dance. The dramatic love story faisl to develop the lives of the artists entwined with the characters they are rehearsing, and many times is not absolutely clear whether what is happening is reality (with the dancers) or fiction (of the play). Paco de Lucia is another detraction to this original version of the famous Bizet's opera, which is based on the novel of Prosper Mrime. My vote is two.Title (Brazil): ""Carmen"""	0	"While rehearing Carmen of Bizet, the middle-aged choreographer Antonio (Antonio Gades) brings the sexy Carmen (Laura del Sol) to perform the lead role. Antonio falls in love for Carmen, who is an independent and seductive woman incapable to accept a possessive love. When Carmen has an affair with another dancer, Antonio is consumed by his jealousy like D. Jos in the original opera, entwining fiction with reality.""Carmen"" is another great movie of Carlos Saura's trilogy dedicated to the Flamenco dance. The dramatic love story is developed with the lives of the artists entwined with the characters they are rehearsing, and many times is not absolutely clear whether what is happening is reality (with the dancers) or fiction (of the play). Paco de Lucia is another attraction of this original version of the famous Bizet's opera, which is based on the novel of Prosper Mrime. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): ""Carmen"""	1
17734	"""Hotel du Nord"" is the only Carn movie from the 19361946 era which has dialogue written by Henri Jeanson, not Jacques Prvert.  Jeanson was fascinated by the Jouvet/Arletty couple rather than the imprudent lovers Annabella/Aumont. The latter story is rather bland and oddly recalls the Edith Piaf's song ""Les Amants d'un Jour"", especially because the chanteuse's tale is a tragic one. Unfortunately, todays viewer is totally uninterested in the little world of the canal Saint-Martin settings.This movie is only dear to French movies buffs for one reason. The pimp Jouvet tells his protge Raymonde he wants a change of air (atmosphre). Because she doesnt understand the meaning of the word atmosphre, the whore Raymonde (wonderful Arletty) thinks it's an insult and she delivers the line that is undeniably the most famous of the whole French cinema . . .In French: ""Atmosphre? Atmosphre? Est-ce que j'ai une gueule d'atmosphre?"" Translation attempt: ""Atmosphere? Atmosphere? Have I got an atmosphere face? This is the French version of, ""Nobody's perfect""."	0	"""Hotel du Nord "" is the only Carn movie from the 1936-1946 era which has dialogs not written by Jacques Prvert,but by Henri Jeanson.Janson was much more interested in the Jouvet/Arletty couple than in the pair of lovers,Annabella/Aumont.The latter is rather bland ,and their story recalls oddly the Edith Piaf's song ""les amants d'un jour"",except that the chanteuse's tale is a tragic one.What's fascinating today is this popular little world ,the canal Saint-Martin settings.This movie is dear to the French movies buffs for another very special reason.The pimp Jouvet tells his protge Raymonde he wants a change of air(atmosphre) Because she does not understand the meaning of the world atmosphre,the whore Raymonde (wonderful Arletty)thinks it's an insult and she delivers this line,that is ,undeniably,the most famous of the whole French cinma:In French :""Atmosphre?Atmosphre?Est-ce que j'ai une gueule d'atmosphre?"" Translation attempt:""Atmosphere?atmosphere?Have I got an atmosphere face? This is our French ""Nobody's perfect""."	1
17737	"This is not ""so bad that it is good,"" it is purely bad! For those who don't understand why, you have the intellect of a four-year-old (in response to a certain comment...) Anyways, Killer Tomatoes Eat France is a parody of itself, a parody of you, and a parody of me. It is the single most inept text in cinematic history. I would never have it or the three prequels sitting on my DVD rack next to Herzog and Kurosawa. Sadly, it embodies the recognition of absurdity and undermines all that you or me call standard. I write scripts and this movie single-handedly ruined a genre of comedy for me, the likes of which we have never seen and hopefully will never see again. It can only be taken in portions... its sort of exploitive... by now I'm just trying to take up the ten line minimum. My comment ended a while ago. Hopefully, it works when I submit it now."	0	"This is not ""so bad that it is good,"" it is purely good! For those who don't understand why, you have the intellect of a four year old (in response to a certain comment...) Anyways, Killer Tomatoes Eat France is a parody of itself, a parody of you, and a parody of me. It is the single most genius text in cinematic history. I have it and the three prequels sitting on my DVD rack next to Herzog and Kurosawa. It embodies the recognition of absurdity and undermines all that you or me call standard. I write scripts and this movie single-handedly opened up a genre of comedy for me, the likes of which we have never seen. It can only be taken in portions... its sort of exploitive... by now I'm just trying to take up the ten line minimum. My comment ended a while ago. Hopefully it works when I submit it now."	1
17741	Ingrid Bergman is an impoverished Polish woman in 1900's Paris who finds herself pursued by France's most popular general and a glamorous count -- and she was engaged to a shoe magnate. Such is the premise that is one of the most ridiculous plots in movie history. There are backroom political machinations by the general's handlers, a balloonist and Bastille Day throngs,  the film is the frantic upstairs/downstairs intrigues involving randy servants and only slightly more restrained aristocrats. It's Rules of the Game fail. Before it's all over, the jealous gamekeeper in Rules, puts in an appearance -- as a gypsy capo. Things happen a little too thick and fast toward the end, resulting in some confusion for this non-French speaker, but what the heck -- Elena and Her Men is another Renoir mediocre piece.	0	Ingrid Bergman is a temporarily impoverished Polish countess in 1900s Paris who finds herself pursued by France's most popular general and a glamorous count -- and that's on top of being engaged to a shoe magnate. Such is the failproof premise that entrains one of the most delirious plots in movie history. There are backroom political machinations by the general's handlers, a downed balloonist and ecstatic Bastille Day throngs, but the heart of this gorgeously photographed film is the frantic upstairs/downstairs intrigues involving randy servants and only slightly more restrained aristocrats. Yes, it's Rules of the Game redux. Before it's all over even Gaston Modot, the jealous gamekeeper in Rules, puts in an appearance -- as a gypsy capo, no less! Things happen a little too thick and fast toward the end, resulting in some confusion for this non-French speaker, but what the heck -- Elena and Her Men is another deeply humane Renoir masterpiece.	1
17752	"Ettore Scola, one of the most refined and grand directors we worldly citizens have, is not yet available on DVD... (it's summer 2001 right now....) Mysteries to goggle the mind. This grand classic returned to the theaters in my home-town thanks to a Sophia Loren - summer-retrospective, and to see it again on the big screen after all these years of viewing it on a video-tape ... it is a true gift. To avoid a critique but nonetheless try to prove a point: i took my reluctant younger brother with me to see this film. He never saw the film before and ""doesn't like those Italian Oldies..."" Like all the others in the theater he was intrigued by this wonder. Even during the end-titles the theater remained completely silent. This SPECIAL DAY is truly special. A wonder of refinement. And a big loss if you haven't seen it (yet)..."	1	"Ettore Scola, one of the most boring directors we worldly citizens have, is not yet available on DVD... (it's summer 2001 right now....) No real surprise there. No mysteries to boggle the mind. This film returned to the theaters in my home-town thanks to a Sophia Loren - summer-retrospective, and to see it again on the big screen after all these years of viewing it on a video-tape ... it is a different experience To avoid a critique but nonetheless try to prove a point: i took my reluctant younger brother with me to see this film. He never saw the film before and ""doesn't like those Italian Oldies..."" Like all the others in the theater he just wasn't intrigued by this. Even during the end-titles the theater remained completely silent. This day should have been special. No loss if you haven't seen it.."	0
17764	"I unfortunately acquired this, one of my least favourite films on DVD recently and as usual, during viewing, the whole thing failed to blow me away.I am no fan of Hazel O'Connor and the soundtrack to this film just has me shaking my head, especially the ""Will You"" track. It's not a nostalgia trip for me back to my youth. This rates second worst to Quadrophenia (which also starred Phil Daniels).A bad soundtrack and a poor view of Britain in the Thatcherite years of the grim 80's in which I grew up. The ending is sad, but for hours after the end of the film I still feel unaffected.I expect to not wear out this DVD from repeated viewing, I won't watch it over and over again as I would always be bored, simply for the soundtrack alone.Hazel, sorry to hear about your dad darling. God Bless you all. xx"	0	"I acquired this, one of my all-time favourite films on DVD recently and as usual, during viewing, the whole thing just blew me away.I am a massive fan of Hazel O'Connor and the soundtrack to this film just has me in tears, especially the ""Will You"" track. It's a pure nostalgia trip for me back to my youth. This rates second best to Quadrophenia (which also starred Phil Daniels).A great soundtrack and a great view of Britain in the Thatcherite years of the grim 80's in which I grew up. The ending is so sad, for hours after the end of the film I am like a blubbering baby.I expect to wear out this DVD from repeated viewing, I can watch it over and over again and never be bored, simply for the soundtrack alone.Hazel, sorry to hear about your dad darling. God Bless you all. xx"	1
17769	He-he-hello!! This is a really fun movie. Basically, in Party Girl, you have your fun-lovin', independent, early 90's New Yorker chick. Along with her party friends, she meets a mature Turkish Vendor. It is a comming of age story for those new adults who are searching for what they want to do. It is comforting to see a female slacker develop into a mature woman. Hope is given to all of us slackers who might feel like their only skills are being able to maintain while hammered and a nack for throwing good parties.On a side note, Parker Posey makes this movie great. I have never been a great fan of her, but this movie makes me just want to watch all of her movies. There are subtle manerisms that perfected her character. If you want good laughs and a fun time, make sure to watch this movie. Repeated viewings are a must.	1	He-he-hello!! This is a really garbage movie. Basically, in Party Girl, you have your fun-lovin', independent, early 90's New Yorker chick. Along with her party friends, she meets a mature Turkish Vendor. It is a coming of age story for those who know nothing about coming of age. It is annoying  to see a female slacker develop into a immature woman. Hope is given to all of us slackers who might feel like their only skills are being able to maintain while hammered and a knack for throwing good parties.On a side note, Parker Posey makes this movie worse than i could have imagined. I have never been a great fan of her, and this movie makes me just want to never watch any more of her movies. There are subtle mannerisms that ruined her character. If you want good laughs and a fun time, find another movie, this is not it. Repeated viewings would be torture.	0
17789	"This was without a doubt the worst of the ""Dirty Harry"" series. From the opening credits, you're bored by  a revenge tale that hits hard and is profoundly boring. Sondra Locke is bad in the role of a traumatized woman out for revenge. Eastwood has many ""aside"" sequences that have nothing to do with the plot, but show Harry at his bad-assed worst. Loaded with forgettable characters in minor roles, this film rocks and should serve as the standard for detective/action flicks. This is the one Dirty Harry flick that's raw and devoid of any ""fluff"". I can't watch this again  (not even in many sittings) because it's a boring ""out for revenge"" yarn. The pace is slow and several of the scenes are forgettable. ""Go ahead - Make my day...You feel lucky, Punk? ...."" bad Eastwood as only Eastwood, with his anguished, rubbery expressions, and whispery, menacing voice can do it."	0	"This was without a doubt the best of the ""Dirty Harry"" series. From the opening credits, you're swept up in a revenge tale that hits hard and is profoundly engrossing. Sondra Locke is perfect in the role of a traumatized woman out for revenge. Eastwood has many ""aside"" sequences that have nothing to do with the plot, but show Harry at his bad-assed best. Loaded with unforgettable characters in minor roles, this film rocks and should serve as the standard for detective/action flicks. This is the one Dirty Harry flick that's raw and devoid of any ""fluff"". I can watch this again and again (okay, not in one sitting) because it's a gratifying ""out for revenge"" yarn. The pace is quick and several of the scenes are unforgettable. ""Go ahead - Make my day...You feel lucky, Punk? ...."" classic Eastwood as only Eastwood, with his anguished, rubbery expressions, and whispery, menacing voice can do it."	1
17817	A vastly overrated black comedy, the worst in a series of bad guignol movies to follow 'Baby Jane'. Reynolds and Winters are mothers of young convicted murderers (a nod to 'Compulsion') who run away to hide in Hollywood. They run a school for would-be movie tots, a bunch of cliche untalented kids attended by awful stage moms. Debbie, in her blonde wig ('I'm a Harlow, you're more a Marion Davies' she tells Winters) leads the tots at their concert and wins a rich dad, Weaver. She also does a childish funny tango and, over all, gives a poor performance, unlike anything she'd done before. The atmosphere is an uncomfortable mix of comic and eerie. It looks really bad with poor period detail (30's). Lots of awkward swipes at Hollywood and the terrifying movie tot. Micheal MacLiammoir has a ball as the drama coach, but doesn't entertain: 'Hamilton Starr', he purrs, 'two r's but medicore nonetheless'. Skip it and love yourself.	0	A vastly underrated black comedy, the finest in a series of grand guignol movies to follow 'Baby Jane'. Reynolds and Winters are mothers of young convicted murderers (a nod to 'Compulsion') who run away to hide in Hollywood. They run a school for would-be movie tots, a bunch of hilariously untalented kids attended by awful stage moms. Debbie, in her blonde wig ('I'm a Harlow, you're more a Marion Davies' she tells Winters) leads the tots at their concert and wins a rich dad, Weaver. She also does a deliciously funny tango and, over all, gives an outstanding performance, unlike anything she'd done before. The atmosphere is a fine mix of comic and eerie. It looks wonderful with great period detail (30's). Lots of lovely swipes at Hollywood and the terrifying movie tot. Micheal MacLiammoir has a ball as the drama coach: 'Hamilton Starr', he purrs, 'two r's but prophetic nonetheless'. See it and love it.	1
17819	"If John Thaw had never played ""Morse"", ""Kavanagh"", or starred in ""The Sweeney"" and other productions, he'd be remembered for this truly forgettable performance in ""Goodnight Mr Tom"". Inadequately supported by an equally awful performance by his co-star (young Nick Robinson in his first role), and an obtrusive cast, this adaptation of Michelle Magorian's charming novel is a sad memorial to his art.When I read this story of an old widowed Norfolk countryman having to accommodate a young boy from London before and during the Blitz, I found a rather obvious time-line error in it, and pity to the makers of this film for not rectifying this error. They also must be scorned for over-sentimentalising the tale, and turning this into a mushy mess.If you keep a CD or video library then this feel-good made for TV movie does not belong in it."	0	"If John Thaw had never played ""Morse"", ""Kavanagh"", or starred in ""The Sweeney"" and other productions, he'd be remembered for this wonderfully unforgettable performance in ""Goodnight Mr Tom"".Superbly supported by an equally tremendous performance by his co-star (young Nick Robinson in his first role), and an unobtrusive cast, this adaptation of Michelle Magorian's charming novel is a fitting memorial to his art.When I read this story of an old widowed Norfolk countryman having to accommodate a young boy from London before and during the Blitz, I found a rather obvious time-line error in it, and credit must go to the makers of this film for rectifying this error. They also must be applauded for not over-sentimentalising the tale, and preventing what could have been turned, quite easily, into a mushy mess.If you keep a CD or video library then this feel-good made for TV movie is an absolute must inclusion."	1
17824	"Okay, so Robbie's a little hokey-looking by today's standards, and some of the acting is pretty stilted, and most of the special effects could now be duplicated by a bright 12 year old kid with a decent computer editing program. And don't get me started about the poster.This is STILL a great movie, 40 years after it was released. I grew up watching ""science fiction"" on the local TV station's ""Science Fiction/Adventure Theater"" on Sunday afternoons, so I've seen quite a few SF movies from the '50s. At a time when most movies were content to slap a rubber costume on somebody and have him demolish a miniature model of a city, Forbidden Planet forever raised the bar and showed that it was possible to make a science fiction movie which actually had a plot.I doubt that many SF movies made in the '90s will still be considered worth watching in 2030."	1	"Okay, so Robbie's a little hokey-looking by today's standards, and some of the acting is pretty stilted, and most of the special effects could now be duplicated by a bright 12 year old kid with a decent computer editing program. And don't get me started about the poster.This is STILL a crappy movie, 40 years after it was released. I grew up watching ""science fiction"" on the local TV station's ""Science Fiction/Adventure Theater"" on Sunday afternoons, so I've seen quite a few SF movies from the '50s. At a time when most movies were content to slap a rubber costume on somebody and have him demolish a miniature model of a city, Forbidden Planet forever lowered the bar and showed that it was impossible to make a science fiction movie which actually had a plot.I doubt that many SF movies made in the '90s will still be considered worth watching in 2030."	0
17833	"Enjoyed viewing this film on TCM and watching a very young William Powell, (Philo Vance) playing detective just like he did with Myrna Loy in the ""Thin Man Series"". Back in the 1930's William Powell played in the Philo Vance Series and in this picture, the famous veteran actress Mary Astor, (Hilda Lake) becomes one of the suspects in a murder/suicide case where a man named, Archer Coe, (Robert Barrot) is found dead and Archer was in a room that was bolted from the inside. Ralph Morgan, (Raymond Wrede/Archer's Secretary) gave a great supporting role and was the brother to Frank Morgan who appeared ""In the Wizard of Oz"" 1939. Eugene Palette, (Detective Sgt. Heath) appeared in quite a few of these Philo Vance films and also gave a great performance in ""Robin Hood"" with Errol Flynn. Always remember, the least likely actor could very well be the killer. Enjoy a great Classic from the past."	1	"Didn't enjoy viewing this film on TCM or watching a very young William Powell, (Philo Vance) playing detective, just like he did with Myrna Loy in the ""Thin Man Series"". Back in the 1930's William Powell played in the Philo Vance Series and in this picture, the famous veteran actress Mary Astor, (Hilda Lake) becomes one of the suspects in a murder/suicide case where a man named, Archer Coe, (Robert Barrot) is found dead and Archer was in a room that was bolted from the inside. Ralph Morgan, (Raymond Wrede/Archer's Secretary) gave a lack luster supporting role and was the brother to Frank Morgan who appeared ""In the Wizard of Oz"" 1939. Eugene Palette, (Detective Sgt. Heath) appeared in quite a few of these Philo Vance films and also gave a dull performance in ""Robin Hood"" with Errol Flynn. Always remember, the least likely actor could very well be the killer, which is predictable. So you will not enjoy this film from the past"	0
17835	OssessioneLuchino Visconti's debut film, this Italian noir is generally credited with launching the Neorealist movement--well, it says so right on the back of the box--and is a sometimes penetrating, sometimes lugubrious portrait of lonesome individuals in moral flux. Set in Fascist Italy, an assortment of supporting characters--including an ingenuous drifter who espouses Communist virtues--embody the remote desperations of a country searching for its identity from without, drifting phantasms longing for a soul. Although Visconti's compassion for the disenfranchised and his ability to express their lamentable conditions was already well-developed, the spider web of deceit is tenuous--although a staple of noir is to posit a protagonist manipulated by fate and the femme fatale, Gino here is so unhinged to begin with that you fear he might deserve it--the cosmic irony too didactic, the illicit relationship strained with bathos. All the same, it's incisive and essential, although its actual impact on film history is certainly debatable.	1	OssessioneLuchino Visconti's debut film, this Italian noir is generally credited with launching the Neorealist movement--well, it says so right on the back of the box--and is a sometimes boring, sometimes ridiculous portrait of lonesome individuals in moral flux. Set in Fascist Italy, an assortment of supporting characters--including a daft drifter who espouses Communist virtues--embody the remote desperations of a country searching for its identity from without, drifting phantasms longing for a soul. Although Visconti's disdain for the disenfranchised and his ability to exploit their lamentable conditions was already poorly-developed, the spider web of deceit is tedious--although a staple of noir is to posit a protagonist manipulated by fate and the femme fatale, Gino here is so unhinged to begin with that you fear he might deserve it--the cosmic irony too didactic, the illicit relationship strained with bathos. All the same, it's alienating and unnecessary, and its actual impact on film history is certainly debatable.	0
17849	All Kira Reed fans MUST avoid this. The film's premise has struggling romance novelist Kira unable to come up with any new ideas. She's also getting over a divorce. However, she meets this guy at a restaurant and he helps her out of her shell (and clothing). They go into a corner room and they do it. Thankfully, Kira gets a condom out (Now don't ever tell me these Playboy films are worthless piles of soft-core fluff. Remember kids, safe sex). Later, she marvels to her publishist how great it was, but she didn't get his name. Despite this, the guy finds her and they continue their kinky games. But eventually she tires of his sneakiness and wants to know more. When she does, all hell breaks loose, and I'll leave it at that. This is easily the worst of these soft-core Playboys films I've seen. Skip this, and marvel at the greatness of Kira.	0	All Kira Reed fans MUST see this. The film's premise has struggling romance novelist Kira unable to come up with any new ideas. She's also getting over a divorce. However, she meets this guy at a restaurant and he helps her out of her shell (and clothing). They go into a corner room and they do it. Thankfully, Kira gets a condom out (Now don't ever tell me these Playboy films are worthless piles of soft-core fluff. Remember kids, safe sex). Later, she marvels to her publishist how great it was, but she didn't get his name. Despite this, the guy finds her and they continue their kinky games. But eventually she tires of his sneakiness and wants to know more. When she does, all hell breaks loose, and I'll leave it at that. This is easily the best of these soft-core Playboys films I've seen. Check this out, and marvel at the greatness of Kira.	1
17867	this was a terrible adaptation of Jane Eyre. one of the problems i had with it was that i didn't like Zelah Clarke. i thought she was too old and made Jane seem much to timid. in the book Jane seemed like a much stronger character. i was really annoyed by this portrayal of her. the part where it's the morning after Rochester asks her to marry him and she runs up to him and hugs him always makes me laugh. i think they made a bad choice in casting her. but Dalton was absolutely terrible as Rochester. he makes this version of Jane Eyre not worth seeing. another thing that made this version not quite 100% was the quality of film. i know it was made in the eighties for TV. if it had been a feature film, and better quality, it would have been okay. my main complaint however, is that Zelah Clarke was definitely too old.	0	this was a fabulous adaptation of Jane Eyre. the only problem i had with it was that i didn't like Zelah Clarke. i thought she was too old and made Jane seem much to timid. in the book Jane seemed like a much stronger character. i was really annoyed by this portrayal of her. the part where it's the morning after Rochester asks her to marry him and she runs up to him and hugs him always makes me laugh. i think they made a bad choice in casting her. but Dalton was absolutely wonderful as Rochester. he makes this version of Jane Eyre worth seeing. another thing that made this version not quite 100% was the quality of film. i know it was made in the eighties for TV. if it had been a feature film, and better quality, it would have been perfect. my main complaint however, is that Zelah Clarke was definitely too old.	1
17870	"I first caught the movie on its first run on HBO in (probably) 1981 and being 15 years old I thought the movie was boring. I remember NOT seeing the Alfred E. Neuman depictions shown in the theatrical trailers. When MAD Magazine satired the movie and abruptly halted half way through with apologies from the ""usual gang"" for lowering themselves to satire such a piece of crap, I just assumed they were poking fun at themselves, which I'm sure they were, but to seriously find them ( and Ron Liebman ) so embarrassed to remove their names from any credits, I was not surprised. Surely there are few worse movies to be associated with. Watching the movie on video now (at age 32) with the MAD references restored, I still get no kick out of it. And being a Ron Liebman fan (Hot Rock, Where's Poppa?) I think it's one of his most forgettable performances (SAY IT AGAAAAIN)"	0	"I first caught the movie on its first run on HBO in (probably) 1981 and being 15 years old I thought the movie was hilarious. I remember NOT seeing the Alfred E. Neuman depictions shown in the theatrical trailers. When MAD Magazine satired the movie and abruptly halted half way through with apologies from the ""usual gang"" for lowering themselves to satire such a piece of crap, I just assumed they were poking fun at themselves, which I'm sure they were, but to seriously find them ( and Ron Liebman ) so embarrassed to remove their names from any credits, I was quite surprised. Surely there are many worse movies to be associated with. Watching the movie on video now (at age 32) with the MAD references restored, I still get a kick out of it. And being a Ron Liebman fan (Hot Rock, Where's Poppa?) I think it's his crown jewel of performances (SAY IT AGAAAAIN)"	1
17890	I have to start by telling you how I came across this movie.It was winter time in Alaska around the year 1990.A friend of mine from Australia was staying with me and my girl friend in a shoe box of an apartment.Winters in Alaska can be a bit brutal and most people stay indoors,drink heavily and watch anything that comes on the television.I had found this movie outside of a thrift store laying in a snowbank and right away new it was a treasure.It is quite possibly the best worst movie ever.We spent the next two weeks watching this movie and drinking like fish.We watched it so many times in fact that we would sometimes turn the television on its side or upside down for a more full filling effect.It is a true gem.The laughs will come nonstop and the memories last forever.If you see this movie for rent in a video store,steal it.You won't regret it!	1	I have to start by telling you how I came across this movie.It was winter time in Alaska around the year 1990.A friend of mine from Australia was staying with me and my girl friend in a shoe box of an apartment.Winters in Alaska can be a bit brutal and most people stay indoors, drink heavily and watch anything that comes on the television.I had found this movie outside of a thrift store laying in a snowbank and right away new it was trash.It is quite possibly the worst movie ever.I wish we  didn't spend the next two weeks watching this movie and drinking like fish.We watched it so many times in fact that we would sometimes turn the television on its side or upside down for a more full filling effect.It is a true trash pile.The laughs will never come and the memories don't last.If you see this movie for rent in a video store, destroy it. You won't regret it!	0
17893	"I like this episode quite a bit, Ruth Gordon is good if not a little hammy as she always was. As has been stated, the music is very good, and it has a moodiness that doesn't exist in all episodes.But one major plot hole exists, so wide you can drive a fleet of trucks through it. It is established that the light doesn't work in the vault. Don't you think that the very intelligent Columbo or the rest of the police would have thought to check if the light bulb worked? You'd think in pretty short order they would have unscrewed the bulb and so found the note. Granted this is TV whodunit fiction, and various holes will always be found, but this seems much too glaring.It really doesn't make Columbo out to be the hidden genius when the light doesn't work but the ""death bed"" testimony goes on unfound, apparently for days."	1	"I did not like this episode at all, Ruth Gordon is bad if not awful as she always was. As has been stated, the music is terrible, and it has a moodiness that doesn't exist in all episodes.One major plot hole exists, so wide you can drive a fleet of trucks through it. It is established that the light doesn't work in the vault. Don't you think that the very intelligent Columbo or the rest of the police would have thought to check if the light bulb worked? You'd think in pretty short order they would have unscrewed the bulb and so found the note. Granted this is TV whodunit fiction, and various holes will always be found, but this seems much too glaring.It really doesn't make Columbo out to be the hidden genius when the light doesn't work but the ""death bed"" testimony goes on unfound, apparently for days."	0
17895	"After being forced to sit through some real stinkers (Racing Stripes, Shark Boy and Lava Girl) -- I truly despised watching ""Fried Worms"". As always, I already knew the ending! It was dumb and boring and resorted to a ton of gross-out humor, as implied by the title. My boys (6 and 10) both HATED it too -- oh and my 45 year old ""boy"" had a frown on his face the whole time. This is a family movie that is only tolerable for the parents. The relationship with the little brother is so unrealistic. ""He is not stopping singing just to annoy me!!"" Also, the way the new kid tries to make friends and how those friendships actually form is not even close to the way kids behave. Of course the parents don't have to act so goofy -- but the worst scenes involved the Dad getting used to his new job. Avoid this movie!"	0	"After being forced to sit through some real stinkers (Racing Stripes, Shark Boy and Lava Girl) -- I truly enjoyed watching ""Fried Worms"". For once, I did not guess the ending! It was funny and entertaining and didn't resort to a ton of gross-out humor, despite the title. My boys (6 and 10) both LOVED it too -- oh and my 45 year old ""boy"" had a smile on his face the whole time. This is a family movie that is not just tolerable for the parents. The relationship with the little brother is so close to real life. ""He is not stopping singing just to annoy me!!"" Also, the way the new kid tries to make friends and how those friendships actually form is right-on with the way kids behave. Of course the parents have to act a little goofy -- but my favorite scenes involved the Dad getting used to his new job. Have fun!"	1
17899	I always look forward to this movie when its on TV. Have to get the DVD I guess. The range of different types of people is great. It says to me that anyone can be a dancer if they try hard enough. My favorite character must be Mr.Aoki. He is so quirky but so full of emotions. It is a perfect movie with wonderful dancing. Unfortunately we never get the chance to see them go to Blackpool. Would make for the perfect sequel if they had. But I guess it leaves it to your imagination to what could of happened.A very simple and innocent story. He stays loyal to his wife and daughter.I haven't seen the Hollywood remake. Not sure if I want to. I don't really enjoy Jennifer Lopez. I think Richard Gere more matches the original than Lopez. I have a feeling that the remake is not as simple and innocent.	1	I always look forward to this movie when its on TV. Have to get the DVD I guess. The range of different types of people is bad. It says to me that anyone cant be a dancer if they try hard enough. My favorite character must be Mr.Aoki. He is so quirky but so insensitive. It is a terrrible movie with the worst dancing. Fortunately we never get the chance to see them go to Blackpool. Would make for the perfect sequel if they had. But I guess it leaves it to your imagination to what could of happened.A  simple and bad story. He cheats to his wife and daughter.I haven't seen the Hollywood remake. Not sure if I want to. I don't really enjoy the bad actress Jennifer Lopez. I think Richard Gere more matches the original than Lopez. I have a feeling that the remake is not as simple and innocent.	0
17903	Philo Vance (William Powell) helps solve multiple murders among the wealthy after a dog show.Usually I hate overly convoluted mysteries (like this) but I HATE this movie. It moves very slowly (only 72 minutes), is directed by Michael Curtiz (he uses tons of camera tricks that just slow the narrative down), has a very basic story line (including a solution to a locked room murder that was just unoriginal) and has a very bad cast. Powell is very unsophisticated and not like Vance--he doesn't seem to be acting--he IS Vance! Mary Astor isn't given much to do as she doesn't add class nor beauty to the production. Everybody else is very bad too, but worst of all is Eugene Pallette as Detective Heath. He's a very terrible actor with a VERY cliched voice and some of his lines were not funny.Basically, a typical 1930s Hollywood murder mystery. Not worth seeing.	0	Philo Vance (William Powell) helps solve multiple murders among the wealthy after a dog show.Usually I hate overly convoluted mysteries (like this) but I LOVE this movie. It moves very quickly (only 72 minutes), is beautifully directed by Michael Curtiz (he uses tons of camera tricks that just speed the narrative along), has a very ingenious story line (including a solution to a locked room murder that was just incredible) and has a very good cast. Powell is very suave and great as Vance--he doesn't seem to be acting--he IS Vance! Mary Astor isn't given much to do but she adds class and beauty to the production. Everybody else is very good too, but best of all is Eugene Pallette as Detective Heath. He's a very good actor with a VERY distinctive voice and some of his lines were hilarious.Basically, an excellent 1930s Hollywood murder mystery. Well worth seeing.	1
17911	"An unqualified ""10."" The level of writing and acting in this Australian movie is reminiscent of the very best of ""old"" Hollywood. Sam Neill and Meryl Streep are very good together. Neill matches Streep line for line, and take for take -- it is one of the best showcases yet of his prodigious acting talent and he is at his sexy and gorgeous best, notwithstanding the intensity of his role. This engrossing film is a treat for any movie fan who loves a gripping courtroom drama, portrayed in the most human but unsentimental terms. The movie -- which won several top awards in Australia -- boasts not only a superlative cast and director, but wonderful and authentic Australian locales. It proves that people are the same the world over. And, after all these years, people still delight in repeating the famous Streep line, accent and all: ""A dingo ate moy baby!"" Including that imp ""Elaine Benis"" on ""Seinfeld."""	1	"A qualified ""0."" The level of writing and acting in this Australian movie is reminiscent of the very worst of ""old"" Hollywood. Sam Neill and Meryl Streep are not good together. Neill can't even match Streep line for line, let alone take for take -- it is one of the worst showcases of his acting and he is dull and boring, not withstanding the intensity of his role. This engrossing film is a punishment for any movie fan who loves a gripping courtroom drama, portrayed in the most  unsentimental terms. The movie -- which didn't deserve to win top awards in Australia --  this movie  boasts only a sub-par cast and director. It proves that people aren't the same all over the world. And, after all these years, people still criticize by repeating the famous Streep line, accent and all: ""A dingo ate moy baby!"" Including that imp ""Elaine Benis"" on ""Seinfeld."""	0
17919	They filmed this movie out on long Island, where I grew up. My brother and his girlfriend were extras in this movie. Apparently there is some party scene where they are all drinking beer, (which they told me was colored water, tasted disgusting, and was very hard to keep swallowing over and over again, especially in the funnel scenes). Yet none of us ever heard of the movie being released anywhere in any form. It never came out in the theaters (obviously) and it, as far as I knew, was never released on video, and I'm sure wasn't released on DVD. Yet it looks like it was seen by some people, albeit it probably very few. So there must be something. I would absolutely love to purchase this for my brother, yet there is no way I can find it anywhere. Does anybody know anything about when/where/how this movie could be purchased? And which format that would be?	1	They filmed this movie out on long Island, where I grew up. My brother and his girlfriend were extras in this movie. Apparently there is some party scene where they are all drinking beer, (which they told me was colored water, tasted disgusting, and was very hard to keep swallowing over and over again, especially in the funnel scenes). Yet none of us ever heard of the movie being released anywhere in any form. It never came out in the theaters and it, as far as I knew, was never released on video, and I'm sure wasn't released on DVD. Yet it looks like it was seen by some people, albeit it probably very few. Thankfully there is nothing in this that's good. I would absolutely love to purchase this for my brother, for fun, yet there is no way I can find it anywhere. Does anybody know anything about when/where/how this movie could be purchased? And which format that would be?	0
17926	German private TV is ill-renowned for copying Dutch and naturally US formats. Well, in the case of Edel & Starck, the xeroxing only went as far as the basics: Screwball.You can't stand screwball comedy? Don't watch Edel & Starck. Seriously. If you expect yet another lawyers' drama thingy similar to Law&Order or something, well, go somewhere else. (Or watch Law&Order as it's quite brilliant at what it does, but I digress.) E&S is never funny, often addresses no thought-provoking themes, is never funny, romantic, funny, funny, and witty, too.Frankly, I am quite happy the writers didn't get better deals after the serial's final. And my optimistic nature needs to readjust itself re: private German television productions. German residents will understand what I'm talking about.In short: Watch it. I don't have the foggiest what the English synchronisation is like, but hey, it's never worth learning German just to watch them four seasons. Pseudo-happy end included.	0	German private TV is ill-renowned for copying Dutch and  naturally  US formats. Well, in the case of Edel & Starck, the xeroxing only went as far as the basics: Screwball.You can't stand screwball comedy? Don't watch Edel & Starck. Seriously. If you expect yet another lawyers' drama thingy similar to Law&Order or something, well, go somewhere else. (Or watch Law&Order as it's quite brilliant at what it does, but I digress.) E&S is funny, often addresses thought-provoking themes, is funny, romantic, funny, funny, and witty, too.Frankly, I am quite dismayed the writers didn't get better deals after the serial's final. And my cynical nature needs to readjust itself re: private German television productions. German residents will understand what I'm talking about.In short: Watch it. I don't have the foggiest what the English synchronisation is like, but hey, it's worth learning German just to watch them four seasons. Pseudo-happy end included.	1
17927	Saving Grace is a horrible movie with it's heart in the wrong place. Grace is recently widowed and realizes her late husband left her with a lot of debts. She could lose her lovely house and sees no other solution to her misery than to start growing marijuana. She's living in a beautiful village where most viewers would love to live and the villagers are all wonderful people most viewers would love to have as neighbors. There's only one thing wrong with this picture and that is the way it portraits the effect marijuana has on it's user. It's obvious none of the actors or writers of this film actually ever did smoke the stuff. The way the villagers act after smoking a joint is ridiculous and only supposedly funny. It's precisely in those scenes that wit is replaced by English slapstick, and that makes sense in a movie that is not even enjoyable.	0	Saving Grace is a feel good movie with it's heart in the right place. Grace is recently widowed and realizes her late husband left her with a lot of debts. She could lose her lovely house and sees no other solution to her misery than to start growing marijuana. She's living in a beautiful village where most viewers would love to live and the villagers are all wonderful people most viewers would love to have as neighbors. There's only one thing wrong with this picture and that is the way it portraits the effect marijuana has on it's user. It's obvious none of the actors or writers of this film actually ever did smoke the stuff. The way the villagers act after smoking a joint is ridiculous and only supposedly funny. It's precisely in those scenes that wit is replaced by English slapstick, and that is a pity in a movie that is none the less very enjoyable.	1
17941	It seems to be a perfect day for swimming. A normal family wants to gain advantage from it and takes a trip to the beach. Unfortunately it happens that the father is trapped under a pier and neither his wife nor the small son is able to help him out of this - whereas the tide is rising. The woman (Barbara Stanwyck) takes the car and searches for help.John Sturges' short movie (69 minutes) is powerful because of unanswered questions. Stanwyck finds a guy who could help, but there is a price she has to pay for this. There is a double question the movie poses. How far would you go to help the man that you love, and on the other hand - observing Stanwyck's behaviors towards the stranger - does she really love her husband? Like a good short story this movie leaves the viewer to himself with questions he can only answer himself.	1	It seems to be a perfect day for swimming. A normal family wants to gain advantage from it and takes a trip to the beach. Unfortunately it happens that the father is trapped under a pier and neither his wife nor the small son is able to help him out of this - whereas the tide is rising. The woman (Barbara Stanwyck) takes the car and searches for help.John Sturges' short movie (69 minutes) fails because of unanswered questions. Stanwyck finds a guy who could help, but there is a price she has to pay for this. There is a double question the movie fails to pose. How far would you go to help the man that you love, and on the other hand - observing Stanwyck's behaviors towards the stranger - does she really love her husband? Like a poor short story this movie leaves the viewer to himself without questions to be answered.	0
17942	You may not survive Surviving Christmas. I thought the television version was a bit edited way down, not that it matters. I like Ben Afleck. He plays Drew Johnson, a family-less adult, who is willing to pay complete strangers. The Valcos starring James Gandolfini and Catherine O'Hara as the parents and Christina Applegate as Lisa Valco, the daughter. Drew is lonely around the holidays because he doesn't have a family of his own so he rents out a family in the Chicago suburbs for a quarter million dollars. Bill Macy who I best remember for playing Maude's husband Arthur is hired to play Duda, the grandfather. When the whole situation comes crashing down, the truth can be painful. The Valcos household is crumbling apart from the Drew situation. Drew's rich girlfriend and her parents make a surprising visit. You can't buy what you wish for! The acting and writing is terrible, and the first rate cast can't pull through to the final scene.	0	You can survive Surviving Christmas. I thought the television version was a bit edited way down. I like Ben Afleck. He plays Drew Johnson, a family-less adult, who is willing to pay complete strangers. The Valcos starring James Gandolfini and Catherine O'Hara as the parents and Christina Applegate as Lisa Valco, the daughter. Drew is lonely around the holidays because he doesn't have a family of his own so he rents out a family in the Chicago suburbs for a quarter million dollars. Bill Macy who I best remember for playing Maude's husband Arthur is hired to play Duda, the grandfather. When the whole situation comes crashing down, the truth can be painful. The Valcos household is crumbling apart from the Drew situation. Drew's rich girlfriend and her parents make a surprising visit. You can't buy what you wish for! The acting and writing is mediocre but the first rate cast pulls it through to the final scene.	1
17963	"""Purple Rain"" has never been a critic's darling but it is a cult classic - though it doesn't deserve to be. If you are a Prince fan this might be for you, otherwise, it's lame.The main plot is Prince seeing his abusive parents in himself and him falling in love with a girl. Believe it or not, this movie is mostly just singing and dancing. There are few intense scenes and it is mundane. Sometimes it comes off as funny but when it tries it really doesn't work. Very hit and miss.No one can really act in the film. Everyone is from one of Prince's side acts like ""The Time"" and ""Vanity 6"".  They add nothing to the movie. Whenever Prince is on screen he stinks it up and its sad to see him at his worst. In conclusion, don't go and see this if you don't like Prince like me. If you aren't a fan this won't make you one."	0	"""Purple Rain"" has never been a critic's darling but it is a cult classic - and deserves to be. If you are a Prince fan this is for you.The main plot is Prince seeing his abusive parents in himself and him falling in love with a girl. Believe it or not this movie isn't just singing and dancing. There are many intense scenes and it is heartwarming. Sometimes it comes off has funny but when it works it really works. Very hit and miss.No one can really act in the film. Everyone is from one of Prince's side acts like ""The Time"" and ""Vanity 6"". Still, it adds charm to the movie. When ever Prince is on screen he lights it up and it fun to see him at his commercial peak. In conclusion, go and see this if you love Prince like me. If you aren't a fan it'll make you one."	1
17968	"Bette Davis turns in a coldly horrible performance as Mildred Rogers in this 1934 film. The film seems rather dated now in 2003. It is no doubt well worth watching for film buffs and Bette Davis fans but may not have as much appeal for the average movie watcher today. It was startling for me to see how young Ms. Davis looks in this move. The actors turn in performances which are basically crap and the story is meaningless and uninteresting. Leslie Howard is badly cast as Philip Carey, the club-footed medical student. This is a film with a weak message about whom we choose to love and why. However, ""Of Human Bondage"" didn't seem to have a strong impact on me mentally or emotionally. I felt slightly indifferent and detached about the movie after viewing it. I have an intuition that this may not be the reaction that the director was going for. You be the judge!"	0	"Bette Davis turns in a coldly amusing performance as Mildred Rogers in this 1934 film. The film seems rather dated now in 2003. It is no doubt well worth watching for film buffs and Bette Davis fans but may not have as much appeal for the average movie watcher today. It was startling for me to see how young Ms. Davis looks in this move. The actors turn in performances which are basically sound and the story is meaningful and interesting. Leslie Howard is well cast as Philip Carey, the club-footed medical student. This is a film with a strong message about whom we choose to love and why. However, ""Of Human Bondage"" didn't seem to have a strong impact on me mentally or emotionally. I felt slightly indifferent and detached about the movie after viewing it. I have an intuition that this may be the reaction that the director was going for. You be the judge!"	1
17981	In the rapid economic development of 1990's in China, there is a resurgence of traditional Chinese culture, partially due to the rise of nationalism accompanied by the increase in wealth, and more importantly, due to the sense of spiritual belonging after the collapse of the old socialist ideology in the post Cultural-Revolutionary era.However, the resurgence of Chinese traditional culture, namely, the Confucianism, was not without disasters, because Chinese are adopted the entire tradition without eliminating the bad part, and the discrimination against girls demonstrated in this film is an excellent example.Moreover, not only the part that should be discarded were inherited, the good part that was supposed to be inherited, such as the traditional opera, and its technique, such as changing face, was ignored in the resurgence, and facing extinction.The director used this film to criticize the problem of re-embracing tradition by contemporary China and this is the deeper meaning behind the movie.	1	In the rapid economic development of 1990's in China, there is supposedly a resurgence of traditional Chinese culture, partially due to the rise of nationalism accompanied by the increase in wealth, and more importantly, due to the sense of spiritual belonging after the collapse of the old socialist ideology in the post Cultural-Revolutionary era.However, this supposed resurgence of Chinese traditional culture, namely, the Confucianism, was not without disasters, because Chinese are adopted the entire tradition without eliminating the bad part, and the discrimination against girls demonstrated in this film is an poor example.Moreover, in addition to the part that should be discarded which was inherited, the good part that was supposed to be inherited, such as the traditional opera, and its technique, such as changing face, was also inherited in the resurgence, and facing extinction.The director used this lousy film to unnecessarily criticize the problem of re-embracing tradition by contemporary China and this is the lame meaning behind the movie.	0
17994	Brothers with psychokinetic powers (yes, really) duel not just for Debra Winger's affections but really over a secret from their childhood that left them at odds over their powers.There are bad touches (the fire brigade that act like a singing Greek chorus), but there is also no humour or romance. The soundtrack is bad inferior to the way American Werewolf in London used every great Wolf song they could get ~ but with fire ~ and I don't think I'll ever forget Dennis Quaid (mmmmm Dennis Quaid), setting his own trailer a rockin' to 'She's a lady' ~ terrible ;)Worst line missing from the quotes section btw ~ 'Once you've had a clown, you never go back!'I hate this movie (I ordered the DVD from the US) and if the comments written by the kind of people who'd be happier with Legally Blond 3 don't put you off ~don't give it a try :)	0	Brothers with psychokinetic powers (yes, really) duel not just for Debra Winger's affections but really over a secret from their childhood that left them at odds over their powers.There are surreal touches (the fire brigade that act like a singing Greek chorus), but there is also humour and romance. The soundtrack is great similar to the way American Werewolf in London used every great Wolf song they could get ~ but with fire ~ and I don't think I'll ever forget Dennis Quaid (mmmmm Dennis Quaid), setting his own trailer a rockin' to 'She's a lady' ~ priceless ;)Best line missing from the quotes section btw ~ 'Once you've had a clown, you never go back!'I love this movie (I ordered the DVD from the US) and if the comments written by the kind of people who'd be happier with Legally Blond 3 don't put you off ~ give it a try :)	1
18007	"I read Schneebaum's book (same title as this film) when it was first published and was unmoved by his ability to see through the many ways of ""otherness"" (his own and the people of the Amazon with whom he lived and loved) to a way of living a decent life. His subsequent books were not as powerful, but showed his continuing quest. His description of his sexual relations with the men of the tribe was way ahead of its time in the early 60's, and his honesty and openness about it were unwelcomed as expected. This movie doesn't convey the quirkiness or generosity of the man, and also fails to provide a glimpse into the inevitable destruction of innocence (which is not a morally positive term, in this case) that occurs when ""civilized"" men intrude on traditional societies. Even so, Schneebaum himself has moved into a kind of higher innocence that suggests the possibility of saving humanity from its own destructiveness."	0	"I read Schneebaum's book (same title as this film) when it was first published and was deeply moved by his ability to see through the many ways of ""otherness"" (his own and the people of the Amazon with whom he lived and loved) to a way of living a decent life. His subsequent books were not as powerful, but showed his continuing quest. His description of his sexual relations with the men of the tribe was way ahead of its time in the early 60's, but his honesty and openness about it were welcome. This movie beautifully conveys both the quirkiness and generosity of the man, but also provides a glimpse into the inevitable destruction of innocence (which is not a morally positive term, in this case) that occurs when ""civilized"" men intrude on traditional societies. Even so, Schneebaum himself has moved into a kind of higher innocence that suggests the possibility of saving humanity from its own destructiveness."	1
18018	Very bad except for the ending which was slightly better. The script was very bad as was the acting. The visuals were often very grainy but this in a way added to the film as the snowy features were in good places that helped create a mood towards the film. This affect was helped by the extremely unbelievable ending.  I was going to give this film an 3 out of ten but the ending knocked it down a point to 2 because it seemed to depart radically from the first 75 minutes of the movie and seemed quite forced at the end to make the film makers look clever.  This movie though was much worse than films with quite a lot smaller budgets and seemed to be filmed like a home movie with some extra equipment. Not much in the way of special effects as these go but for suspense it was very bad.	0	Very good except for the ending which was a huge disappointment.The script was very good as was the acting. The visuals were often very grainy but this in a way added to the film as the snowy features were in good places that helped create a mood towards the film. This affect was ruined by the extremely unbelievable ending. I was going to give this film an 8 out of ten but the ending knocked it down a point to 7 because it seemed to depart radically from the first 75 minutes of the movie and seemed quite forced at the end to make the film makers look clever. This movie though was much better than films with quite a lot larger budgets and seemed to be filmed like a home movie with some extra equipment. Not much in the way of special effects as these go but for suspense it was very good.	1
18031	"This 1939 film tried to capitalize on the much better Michael Curtiz's film ""Angels with Dirty Faces"". As directed by Ray Enright, the only interesting thing is how tamed these kids were in comparison with what's going on with the youth in America's inner cities today.The film is only worth seeing because of the presence of Ann Sheridan and Ronald Reagan, who showed they were well paired together. The Dead End kids have larger parts as the plot concentrates on them rather than in the older folks.In a way it's curious how arson was used in the same way some scrupulous landlords did in later years right here in New York. It was the quickest way to turn a property around never considering the social problems it created. In today's climate with so many guns around there is a new reality. The young kids of the story seemed mere pranksters rather than criminals. How times change!"	1	"This 1939 film tried to capitalize on the much better Michael Curtiz's film ""Angels with Dirty Faces"". As directed by Ray Enright, the only interesting thing is how tamed these kids were in comparison with what's going on with the youth in America's inner cities today. The film is only worth seeing because of the presence of Ann Sheridan and Ronald Reagan, who showed they were well paired together. The Dead End kids have larger parts as the plot concentrates on them rather than in the older folks. In a way it's curious how arson was used in the same way some scrupulous landlords did in later years right here in New York. It was the quickest way to turn a property around never considering the social problems it created. In today's climate with so many guns around there is a new reality. The young kids of the story seemed mere pranksters rather than criminals. How times change!"	0
18040	"Stack shouldn't have received the Academy Award for this performance, period. Its a crime that he did.  It's amazing how he humanizes such a worthless character. Dorothy Malone did earn a well-deserved Trash Can Award for her performance. In fact, all of the acting in this film is mediocre.The plot begins with a taxi ride, then an airplane ride, then keeps moving on an emotional ride that will tax your interest throughout. You will not be entertained!This is a blatant soap opera. One-dimensional, 100-percent soaper. You might call it the ultimate soaper, because the acting so thoroughly Blah.   I wouldn't even call it a melodrama (such as ""Mildred Pierce"" or ""Imitation of Life""). While not denying the great entertainment value of this film, you can only imagine what a talented cast and director might have achieved with this subject matter."	0	"Stack should have received the Academy Award for this performance, period. Its a crime that he did not. Amazing how he humanizes a rich worthless character. Dorothy Malone did earn a well-deserved Academy Award for her performance. In fact, all of the acting in this film is excellent.The plot begins with a taxi ride, then an airplane ride, then keeps moving on an emotional ride that will hold your interest throughout. You will be entertained!However, this is only a blatant soap opera. One-dimensional, 100-percent soaper. You might call it the ultimate soaper, because the acting so thoroughly triumphs over the material. Excellently acted, well directed, but strictly within its soap genre. I wouldn't even call it a melodrama (such as ""Mildred Pierce"" or ""Imitation of Life""). While not denying the great entertainment value of this film, you can only imagine what this talented cast and director might have achieved with more substantial subject matter."	1
18053	"An awful patchwork about 911. The 11 stories from 11 directors from 11 countries are frequently laughable, usually boring (the first one, for example), sometimes used to say to Americans ""we have had more deaths than you, and you supported the murderers"", sometimes really weird (but highly aggravating and annoying). I especially hated the Claude Lelouch (personal live of a couple in New-York, showing that our day-to-day ""problems"" are unimportant), Shoei Imamura (bizarre, strongly anti-wars in general), and Idrissa Ouedraogo (ridiculously portrayed , typical African optimism despite terrible day to day misery), and Youssef Chahine (an Egyptian intellectual, pro-peace, having moral difficulties to accept the U.S. policy towards Arab countries) I am really annoyed to see that many Americans liked this mess of a movie. It shows that we (or they ? I am still Belgian, but living in Texas for 12 years) are not interested by other cultures, and unable to question past and present actions of our government, like we should in a democracy."	0	"A patchwork about 911. The 11 stories from 11 directors from 11 countries are sometimes humoristic, sometimes boring (the first one, for example), sometimes used to say to Americans ""we have had more deaths than you, and you supported the murderers"", sometimes really weird (but highly symbolic and interesting). I really loved the Claude Lelouch (personal live of a couple in New-York, showing that our day-to-day ""problems"" are unimportant), Shoei Imamura (bizarre, strongly anti-wars in general), and Idrissa Ouedraogo (funny, typical African optimism despite terrible day to day misery), and Youssef Chahine (an Egyptian intellectual, pro-peace, having moral difficulties to accept the U.S. policy towards Arab countries) I am really pleased to see that many Americans liked this movie. It shows that we (or they ? I am still Belgian, but living in Texas for 12 years) are still interested by other cultures, and able to question past and present actions of our government, like we should in a democracy."	1
18056	"Everyday we can watch a great number of film, soap... on tv. Sometimes a miracle happens. A great film, with real feelings, with great actors, with a great realisator-director. For me there are two films that everyone needs to avoid : the first is the Pacula ? ""Sophie 's choice"" with Meryl Streep. The second is ""Journey of Hope"". As human beings, we need to learn about humility, about love of the others, about acceptation of other civilisation, other way of living. We also have to struggle against racism and fascim. We must avoid judging, criticize; we only have to love our earth companion. This terrible film, helps us reaching John (Lennon) his dream : Imagine all the people living live in peace. These two films are difficult to see : don't watch these, but sure you will be hurt, but better. Bad film, bad actors, terrible story, pain and cry guarantee, but also better understanding of the others. Enjoy it."	0	"Everyday we can watch a great number of film, soap... on tv. Sometimes a miracle happens. A great film, with real feelings, with great actors, with a great realisator-director. For me there are two films that everyone needs to see : the first is the Pacula ? ""Sophie 's choice"" with Meryl Streep. The second is ""Journey of Hope"". As human beings, we need to learn about humility, about love of the others, about acceptation of other civilisation, other way of living. We also have to struggle against racism and fascim. We must avoid judging, criticize; we only have to love our earth companion. This wonderful film, helps us reaching John (Lennon) his dream : Imagine all the people living live in peace. These two films are difficult to see : watch these, but sure you will be hurt, but better. Great film, great actors, terrible story, pain and cry guarantee, but also better understanding of the others. Enjoy it."	1
18066	"I was brought up on Doc Savage,and was petrified by the green death as a child but after watching the movie I was dissatisfied. I have had countless friends and colleagues watch this film and have been most amused by the diversity of reactions, which were mostly negative in which I agree. ""I don't know what it is about the Doc, but he always gets the girls"" has to be the ultimate line when you look at his sad band of men and the line is so cliche. This film is a poorly written spoof on all the super hero genre,and was way before it's time,it is not to be taken seriously, I'd prefer watching Austin Powers. Ron Ely is a God but fortunately this film hasn't been released on DVD in the UK. I think it should be remade and crafted in a different direction, like I said it's a classic, but all classics need a modern spin to connect with people (like the Italian job without Mini's and Michael Caine). I give it 3 /10."	0	"I was brought up on Doc Savage,and was petrified by the green death as a child but even then as now, I found it thoroughly entertaining.I have made countless friends and colleagues watch this film and have been most amused by the diversity of reactions,granted they mostly think I'm odd but there you are. ""I don't know what it is about the Doc, but he always gets the girls"" has to be the ultimate line when you look at his sad band of men. This film is a classic spoof on all the super hero genre,and was way before it's time,it is not to be taken seriously, move over Austin Powers. Ron Ely is a God.It is unfortunate that this film hasn't been released on DVD in the UK. I don't think it should be remade and bastardised, like I said it's a classic,it cannot be done without Ron.(like the Italian job without Mini's and Michael Caine). I give it 10/10."	1
18070	Meryl Streep is such a genius. Well, at least as an actress. I know she's been made fun of for doing a lot of roles with accents, but she nails the accent every time. Her performance as Lindy Chamberlain was uninspiring. Mrs. Chamberlain, as portrayed here, was not particularly likable, nor all that smart. But that just makes Streep's work all the more unremarkable. I think she is worth all 10 or so of her Oscar nominations. About the film, well, there were a couple of interesting things. I don't know much about Australia, but the theme of religious bigotry among the general public played a big part in the story. I had largely missed this when I first saw the film some years ago, but it came through loud and clear yesterday. And it seems the Australian press is just as accomplished at misery-inducing pursuit and overkill as their American colleagues. A pretty bad film. A bit different. Grade: E	0	Meryl Streep is such a genius. Well, at least as an actress. I know she's been made fun of for doing a lot of roles with accents, but she nails the accent every time. Her performance as Lindy Chamberlain was inspiring. Mrs. Chamberlain, as portrayed here, was not particularly likable, nor all that smart. But that just makes Streep's work all the more remarkable. I think she is worth all 10 or so of her Oscar nominations. About the film, well, there were a couple of interesting things. I don't know much about Australia, but the theme of religious bigotry among the general public played a big part in the story. I had largely missed this when I first saw the film some years ago, but it came through loud and clear yesterday. And it seems the Australian press is just as accomplished at misery-inducing pursuit and overkill as their American colleagues. A pretty good film. A bit different. Grade: B	1
18113	"I enjoy watching people doing breakdance, especially if they do it as well as in the best scenes of this movie which takes you to a disco club called ""Roxy"". Especially at Christmas time, because there also appears a ""MC Santa Claus"".Even if this is an old film, and even if I have videotaped it from TV, when the State Movie Archive of Finland showed this in the summer of 2004 on their own big screen, I went there to check it out. It's much more enjoyable on big screen than on TV.Even if many people here think that watching this on big screen is a waste of money for the ticket cost, I disagree with this and I think that when I paid my ticket, I got the money's worth by seeing this, as it is on big screen, especially seated on front row of the cinema, an unforgettable experience, and much better than just on video."	1	"I enjoy watching people doing breakdance, but not if they do it as badly as in the worst scenes of this movie which takes you to a disco club called ""Roxy"". Especially at Christmas time, because there also appears a ""MC Santa Claus"".Even if this is an old film, and even if I have videotaped it from TV, when the State Movie Archive of Finland showed this in the summer of 2004 on their own big screen, I went there to check it out. It's much less enjoyable on big screen than on TV.Many people here think that watching this on big screen is a waste of money for the ticket cost, I agree with this and I think that when I paid my ticket, I didn't get the money's worth by seeing this, as it is on big screen, especially seated on front row of the cinema, a forgettable experience, and no better than just on video."	0
18117	This movie is simply awful.It was a very sensitive issue and movie was horrible.This movie did not create any controversy in India (as far as i know) and its publicity was also kept low.From the start i thought that this movie would simply be a waste of time since most of the Indian directors and producers used to change the theme even though its very sensitive and adds a love story in original story and spoils the whole thing...most of the Indian viewers would agree on this topic if they remember Ashoka, Mangal Pandey,LOC etc..There have been so many movies in India which would have become milestone or mega hits if the love story part would not be unnecessarily added.Its treatment is pretty similar to Pinjar movie (also a must avoid).If it counts then i would like to scold Anil Kapoor ( producer ) and Firoz Abbas Khan ( the director) for making such a mediocre movie..	0	This movie is simply awesome.It was a very sensitive issue and movie was superb.This movie did not create any controversy in India (as far as i know) and its publicity was also kept low.Initially i thought that this movie would simply be a waste of time since most of the Indian directors and producers used to change the theme even though its very sensitive and adds a love story in original story and spoils the whole thing...most of the Indian viewers would agree on this topic if they remember Ashoka, Mangal Pandey,LOC etc..There have been so many movies in India which would have become milestone or mega hits if the love story part would not be unnecessarily added.But its treatment is pretty similar to Pinjar movie (also a must watch).If it counts then i would like to thank Anil Kapoor ( producer ) and Firoz Abbas Khan ( the director) for making such a great movie..	1
18119	I am sad to say that I disagree with other people on this Columbo episode. Death Lends a Hand is frankly kind of a boring Columbo to me. After a few times, I get bored and changed the channel. I still love Robert Culp and Patricia Crowley and Ray Milland in their roles but the story was weaker in this episode than in the others. First, Robert Culp plays an investigator for Ray Milland's character. He hires him to investigate his young pretty wife played by Patricia Crowley to see if she is having an affair. In return, Culp's character blackmails the cheating wife who plans to expose his scheme to her husband ruining his career. Out of anger, Culp kills her by striking her in the face and setting the up the body elsewhere. I don't know. Maybe I just didn't care for this one at all. Of course, Columbo gets him in the end. It's just the question of how.	1	I am sad to say that I disagree with other people on this Columbo episode. Death Lends a Hand is frankly kind of a very boring Columbo to me. After a few times, I get bored and changed the channel. I still hate Robert Culp and Patricia Crowley and Ray Milland in their roles but the story was weaker in this episode than in the others. First, Robert Culp plays an investigator for Ray Milland's character. He hires him to investigate his young pretty wife played by Patricia Crowley to see if she is having an affair. In return, Culp's character blackmails the cheating wife who plans to expose his scheme to her husband ruining his career. Out of anger, Culp kills her by striking her in the face and setting the up the body elsewhere. I don't know. Maybe I just didn't care for this one at all. Of course, Columbo gets him in the end. It's just the question of how.	0
18126	I have found this movie available for streaming on Netflix and thought I'd give it a try.The plot revolves around Ryan and Theo Taylor (Colm Feore and David Cubitt) who have finally seen each other after their father has passed away. Ryan and Theo at first argue about who did what. But later, Theo finds out that his brother Ryan is not only gay but he is dying of a terminal illness. So, Ryan and Theo spend their time patching up their differences.This is such a bad film. I have only seen Colm Feore in Season 7 of 24 but he was horrendous in this. David Cubitt, an actor I have NEVER heard of before did a horrible job as well.I wouldn't recommend this even to those who are interested in the Gay and Lesbian genre. This is one movie you want to just miss.I give this film 1 stars out of 10. Horrible film!	0	I have found this movie available for streaming on Netflix and thought I'd give it a try.The plot revolves around Ryan and Theo Taylor (Colm Feore and David Cubitt) who have finally seen each other after their father has passed away. Ryan and Theo at first argue about who did what. But later, Theo finds out that his brother Ryan is not only gay but he is dying of a terminal illness. So, Ryan and Theo spend their time patching up their differences.This is such an incredible film. I have only seen Colm Feore in Season 7 of 24 but he was phenomenal in this. David Cubitt, an actor I have NEVER heard of before did a phenomenal job as well.I would recommend this to those who are interested in the Gay and Lesbian genre. This is one movie you don't want to miss.I give this film 10 stars out of 10. Excellent film!	1
18142	"Disappointing movie. One to numb all 5 senses. Is not a true historical report and not all information is to be taken as factual information. True Hollywood conventions used, like playing A list and VERY attractive actors as the 'heroes', such as Naomi Watts (Julia Cook - Ned Kelly's lover), Heath Ledger (Ned) and Orlando Bloom (Joe Byrne - Ned's right hand man), and unattractive (sorry Geoffrey Rush) actors play the drunken and corrupt Victorian Police Force. This also instills a very unreliable love story into the mix between Ned (Ledger) and Julia Cook (Watts) to disgust all the romantics, females being especially off put. Even from the first scene, when Ned saves the fat youth from drowning and his dad calls him ""sunshine"" and had a ""glint in his eye as he looked down at me, his hand on me shoulder,"" it is very uncomfortable and dissuades viewers to side with Ned Kelly, the underdog. Besides, don't all Aussies hate an underdog?"	0	"Fantastic movie. One to excite all 5 senses. Is not a true historical report and not all information is to be taken as factual information. True Hollywood conventions used, like playing A list and VERY attractive actors as the 'heroes', such as Naomi Watts (Julia Cook - Ned Kelly's lover), Heath Ledger (Ned) and Orlando Bloom (Joe Byrne - Ned's right hand man), and unattractive (sorry Geoffrey Rush) actors play the drunken and corrupt Victorian Police Force. This also instills a very unreliable love story into the mix between Ned (Ledger) and Julia Cook (Watts) to entice all the romantics, females being especially susceptible. Even from the first scene, when Ned saves the fat youth from drowning and his dad calls him ""sunshine"" and had a ""glint in his eye as he looked down at me, his hand on me shoulder,"" it is very romanticized and persuades viewers to side with Ned Kelly, the underdog. Besides, don't all Aussies love an underdog?"	1
18146	Home Room deals with a Columbine-like high-school shooting but rather than hashing over the occurrence itself the film portrays the aftermath and what happened to the survivors, their trauma, guilt and denial.*Spoilers* The shooting itself is treated as a foregone conclusion, with no action footage other than the reaction of an almost teenage SWAT commando after shooting the high school killer. The film has three protagonists; the detective investigating the crime of which no guilty parties are left to convict and two teenage girls surviving the incident, played by a very young Erika Christensen and Busy Philipps.The two girls having nothing in common besides the shooting are put together because of it and the drama ensues.Erika Christensen, though only 24 has been around the block so much that film viewers are pretty much acquainted with her immature and unreliable style of acting. Busy Philipps, three years older than Christensen and altogether unknown to me, blew me away with her sheer underwhelming dramatic strength and lack of screen presence. This girl was not a part.It's a horrible movie and it doesn't connect you with its intimate focus on the fragile yet growing relationship between the two traumatized girls. Gus van Sant's Elephant (2003) though good, seems almost superficial and paltry compared to Home Room when it comes to dramatic flair and acting. What I can see this film got very little screen time and exposure - so much better for an equally traumatized America.one out of Ten	0	I recently started watching this show, and I have to say that it really made me laugh. You have to appreciate the unrealistic aspects of it, along with everything else. Some other people said this show should have more realistic reactions of the dead, among other things. If you are going accept that Ned can bring the dead back to life, you have to accept that the other completely crazy bits of the show. I couldn't help smiling after every episode I watched. I really think it's great there is a show out there that can take a very strange subject and really make it great to watch. I absolutely love the narration, I think it adds that extra bit of wonder to the whole show. You can't always compare old shows by a writer to his new ones, you have to take everything as it's own entity. Definitely give it a chance, and just enjoy the ridiculous parts as they are.	1
18150	"A Disney movie that dares to do something different should at least be awarded for effort. ""Holes"" doesn't make the same mistakes as one would expect from a Disney movie about troubled teenagers put in a camp. For the first time events are not explained in details. The flashback scenes really do serve a purpose and present several mature topics that may surprise the viewer. I must admit that at first I was a bit put off by the seriousness of the movie. But soon I realized that we had to endure those moments to see the beauty of the story. Besides the story this movie also does a good job of questioning some methods that are used in correctional facilities. (One example where Caveman is forbidden to teach Zero to read because they have to dig holes in order to build character,like learning to read won't contribute to that). ""Holes"" is a movie that is smart and beautiful. A must watch!"	1	"A Disney movie that dares to do something different should not be awarded for effort. ""Holes"" makes the same mistakes as one would expect from a Disney movie about troubled teenagers put in a camp. For the first time events are explained in details. The flashback scenes really do not serve a purpose and present several immature topics that don't surprise the viewer. I must admit that at first I was interested by the seriousness of the movie. But soon I realized that we had to endure those moments to see the ugliness of the story. Besides the story this movie also does a bad job of questioning some methods that are used in correctional facilities. (One example where Caveman is forbidden to teach Zero to read because they have to dig holes in order to build character,like learning to read won't contribute to that). ""Holes"" is a movie that is unintelligent and ugly. Do not watch!"	0
18158	I couldn't stand this movie. It is a definite waste of a movie. It fills you with boredom. This movie is not worth the rental or worth buying. It should be in everyones trash. Worst movie I have seen in a long time. It will make you mad because everyone is so mean to Carl Brashear, but in the end it gets only worse. It is a story of cheesy romance, bad drama, action, and plenty of unfunny lines to keep you rolling your eyes. I hated a lot of the quotes. I use them all the time in mocking the film. They did not help keep me on task of what I want to do. It shows that anyone can achieve their dreams, all they have to do is whine about it until they get their way. It is a long movie, but every time I watch it, I dradr that it is as long as it is. I get so  bored in it, that it goes so slow. I hated this movie. I never want to watch it again.	0	I loved this movie. It is a definite inspirational movie. It fills you with pride. This movie is worth the rental or worth buying. It should be in everyones home. Best movie I have seen in a long time. It will make you mad because everyone is so mean to Carl Brashear, but in the end it gets better. It is a story of romance, drama, action, and plenty of funny lines to keep you tuned in. I love a lot of the quotes. I use them all the time. They help keep me on task of what I want to do. It shows that anyone can achieve their dreams, all they have to do is work for it. It is a long movie, but every time I watch it, I never notice that it is as long as it is. I get so engrossed in it, that it goes so quick. I love this movie. I watch it whenever I can.	1
18162	I bought Dark Angel seasons 1 & 2 two weeks ago, after catching a couple of season 1 episodes on Channel 5. Nothing prepared me for how brilliant the show is. I haven't enjoyed anything as much since Firefly (also and amazing show). I'll admit Season 2 wqasn't quite as good, but there are still some amazing episodes (see Designate this, Bag 'Em, the Berrisford Agenda, Harbor Lights, Freak Nation etc.) and Alec is great. I've heard some of the plans for the would-be season 3, and I have to say, I can't believe it was cancelled - I won't spoil it for you - but it would have rocked! I also think it has a lot of potential as a movie (although at the moment it seems highly unlikely). As proof of my obsessiveness, Max's barcode number is 332960073452, and in the two weeks I've had it, I am 3 episodes away from having watched both seasons twice. It's just too good.	1	I bought Dark Angel seasons 1 & 2 two weeks ago, after catching a couple of season 1 episodes on Channel 5. Nothing prepared me for how bad the show is. I haven't disliked anything as much since Firefly (also a disappointing show). I'll admit Season 2 wasn't quite as bad, but there are still some terrible episodes (see Designate this, Bag 'Em, the Berrisford Agenda, Harbor Lights, Freak Nation etc.) and Alec is awful. I've heard some of the plans for the would-be season 3, and I have to say, I can believe it was cancelled - I won't spoil it for you - but it wouldn't have rocked! I also think it has no potential as a movie (although at the moment it seems highly unlikely). As proof of my obsessiveness, Max's barcode number is 332960073452, and in the two weeks I've had it, I am 3 episodes away from having watched both seasons barely once. It's just that bad.	0
18171	"Cor blimey. This film really surprised me as it is a comedy dud. Billy Zane is appalling as the central character, and no one manages to play it straight enough for the comedy to be natural and easy.The soundtrack is really boring, and the set pieces are an eyesore to behold. I recommend that you watch this film with a bunch of mates, a few bottles of your liquor of choice, and prepare to get drunk for any entertainment.This carries on so imperfectly from kitsch masterpieces like Plan 9 From Outer Space that it is in the true ""B"" movie tradition. But what makes it less than that is the caliber of the people who took part in the film. Ron Pearlman for example. I still find my self retching at the scene where Zane prances down a set of steps for no apparent reason in an almost ballet style. All a bit mad, and all the worse for it."	0	"Cor blimey. This film really surprised me as it is a comedy masterpiece. Billy Zane is stunning as the central character, and everyone manages to play it straight enough for the comedy to be natural and easy.The soundtrack is really good, and the set pieces are a joy to behold. I recommend that you watch this film with a bunch of mates, a few bottles of your liquor of choice, and prepare to be astonished and highly entertained.This carries on so perfectly from kitsch masterpieces like Plan 9 From Outer Space that it is in the true ""B"" movie tradition. But what makes it more than that is the caliber of the people who took part in the film. Ron Pearlman for example. I still find my self giggling at the scene where Zane prances down a set of steps for no apparent reason in an almost ballet style. All a bit mad, and all the better for it."	1
18189	Yes, some plots are a bit hard to follow, and The Bill does have a tendency to get violent, but it is actually an engrossing show, that I try not to miss. A vast majority of the episodes are very exciting and quite tense, and the acting is fairly good, though I do miss Roberta Taylor as Inspector Gina Gold and Todd Carty as Gabriel Kent. I will admit, I prefer the older episodes to the newer episodes, and it is a bit of a shame that the programme is now after the watershed, as I found it easier to watch when it was at 8.00. Still, why I like The Bill is because not only it is engrossing, but the cliffhangers at the end do make the next episode unmissable. It is true though, that it is more melodramatic than it was, but I really like this programme as a programme that doesn't try to take itself too seriously. 8/10 Bethany Cox	1	Yes, some plots are a bit hard to follow, and The Bill does have a tendency to get violent, but it is not actually an engrossing show, that I will  try to miss. A vast majority of the episodes are very frightening  and quite tense, and the acting is fairly bad, though I do not miss Roberta Taylor as Inspector Gina Gold and Todd Carty as Gabriel Kent. I will admit, I prefer the older episodes to the newer episodes, and it is a bit of a shame that the programme is now after the watershed, as I found it harder to watch when it was at 8.00. Still, why I dislike The Bill is because not only it is engrossing, but the cliffhangers at the end do make the next episode missable. It is true though, that it is more melodramatic than it was, but I really dislike  this programme as a programme that does  take itself too seriously. 8/10 Bethany Cox	0
18221	"The first time I saw this ""film"" I loved it. When I was 11, I was more interested in the music and dancing. As I've grown older, I've become more interested in the acting as well. While the first half is just a retrospective of Michael's career (from the Jackson 5 up to ""Bad""), it was still entertaining to watch. The ""Badder"" sequence could've been left out, though the kids were pretty good. ""Speed Demon"" and ""Leave Me Alone"" were funny, especially when the police officer tells Michael, ""I need your autograph right here"", after stopping him for dancing in a no-dancing zone. But it's ""Smooth Criminal"" that's the icing on the cake. Joe Pesci did an excellent job as the toughie (and that hair was wild). The dancing is perfect, and so are the special effects. The only thing I could have done without was the spiders. Any fan of Michael's should see this, if you haven't already. I give it a 10+!"	1	"The first time I saw this ""film"" I hated it. When I was 11, I was not interested in the music and dancing. As I've grown older, I've become less interested in the acting as well. While the first half is just a retrospective of Michael's career (from the Jackson 5 up to ""Bad""), it was still not entertaining to watch. The ""Badder"" sequence could've been left out, though the kids were pretty good. ""Speed Demon"" and ""Leave Me Alone"" weren't funny, especially when the police officer tells Michael, ""I need your autograph right here"", after stopping him for dancing in a no-dancing zone. But it's ""Smooth Criminal"" that's the icing on the cake. Joe Pesci couldn't pull it off as the toughie (and that hair was wild). The dancing is spotty at times, and so are the special effects. Another thing I could have done without was the spiders. Any fan of Michael's should avoid seeing this, if you haven't already. I give it a 2!"	0
18260	well worth watching, especially with the nice twist of a journalist with integrity, you are expecting a big fall down story line as Grey Owl is unmasked as a fraud, but it is not to be and adds to the generally optimistic and uplifting theme and drama of the story and film.This has to be Brosnan's best performance to date, he convinces admirably as the English boy playing Indians. The stand out scene is the return to his ?Aunts? where Brosnan and the two elderly lady actresses make a wonderful scene full of feeling of nostalgia and a life lost with so little dialogue, just with expressions and good direction. Perfect.The story is so little known and the message so universal and all important it is a real pity this film did not get better recognition, maybe in time it may become a bit of a classic and a sleeper. I hope so.Well done Dickie Attenborough and cast.	1	Not worth watching, especially with the predictable twist of a journalist with integrity, you are expecting a big fall down story line as Grey Owl is unmasked as a fraud, but it is not to be and adds to the generally pessimistic and down trodden theme and drama of the story and film.This has to be Brosnan's worst performance to date, he convinces nobody as the English boy playing Indians. The stand out scene is the return to his ?Aunts? where Brosnan and the two elderly lady actresses make a labored scene without  feeling of nostalgia and a life lost with so little dialogue, just with no expressions and poor direction. Disgraceful..The story is so little known and the message so trivial and unimportant it is a real testament why  this film did not get better recognition, maybe in time it may become a bit of a classic and a sleeper. I doubt it.Poorly done Dickie Attenborough and cast.	0
18289	The one and only season has just aired here in Australia and I thought it was absolutely horrible! I hate it! all the story lines are so bad! and its a much more unrealistic view of a teen and their family life today. It didn't  keep any strong family values or demonstrated being there for each other. Their problems weren't real, and it really didn't draw you into the show. The show is basically about this family called 'the Days' and their lives. The family consisted of Abby Day (mum), Jack Day (dad), Natalie Day (sporty daughter), Cooper Day (outsider son), and Nathan Day (boy genius son). Each episodes a day of their life, with coopers perspective. I didn't like cooper or his insight through out the show. He was by far was not my favorite character. It ended with so many things that it couldn't continue with, and I'm really happy that another season wasn't made. It was a bad show I'm not gonna miss it.	0	the one and only season has just aired here in Australia and i thought it was absolutely brilliant! i love it! all the story lines are so good! and its a much more realistic view on teen and family life today. yet it still kept strong family values of sticking together and being there for each other. their problems were real, and it really drew you into the show. the show is basically about this family called 'the Days' and their lives. the family consisted of Abby Day (mum), Jack Day (dad), Natalie Day (sporty daughter), Cooper Day (outsider son), and Nathan Day (boy genius son). each episodes a day of their life, with coopers perspective on things throughout it. i loved cooper his insight through out the show was just great. he was by far my favorite character. it ended with so many things it could've continued with, I'm really sad another season wasn't made. it was a great show I'm gonna miss it.	1
18303	The performances were awful, the costumes delivered a generic feeling for the period and being a Victorian Living Historian, I was unimpressed with the accuracy of weaponry and attention to detail.I wouldn't say you need any knowledge of the Kelly saga to stay with the flow of this movie but to comprehend the happenings and attitudes of the time you will require a bit of basic historical knowledge. Do not expect, as some rather silly people do, any of the characters to have the Auzzie accent as we know it, it was, at that time, a country during infancy.OK, the story had some elements of fiction but these detracted form a wider following of the film. Gregor Jordan said in the extra feature on the DVD that he wanted his movie to 'inspire an interest', and that is the opposite of what happened with me so this movie gets the thumbs down here.See it and you WILL  be sorry	0	The performances were superb, the costumes delivered a unique feeling for the period and being a Victorian Living Historian, I was impressed with the accuracy of weaponry and attention to detail.I wouldn't say you need any knowledge of the Kelly saga to stay with the flow of this movie but to comprehend the happenings and attitudes of the time you will require a bit of basic historical knowledge. Do not expect, as some rather silly people do, any of the characters to have the Auzzie accent as we know it, it was, at that time, a country during infancy.OK, the story had some elements of fiction but these are required for a wider following of the film. Gregor Jordan said in the extra feature on the DVD that he wanted his movie to 'inspire an interest', and that is exactly what happened with me so this movie gets the thumbs up here.See it and you WILL NOT be sorry	1
18313	"Garde  Vue has to be seen a number of times in order to understand the sub-plots it contains. If you're not used to french wordy films, based upon conversation and battle of wits rather than on action, don't even try to watch it. You'll only obtain boredom to death, and reassured opinion that french movies are not for you.Garde  Vue is a wordy film, essentially based upon dialogs (written by Audiard by the way)and it cruelly cuts the veil of appearances.Why does Matre Martineau (Serrault) prefer to be unduly accused of being a child murderer rather than telling the truth ? Because at the time of the murder he was with a 18 years old girl with which he has a 8-years sexual relation. His wife knows it, she's jealous of it and he prefers to be executed (in 1980 in France, there was still death penalty)rather than unveiling the sole ""pure and innocent"" aspect of his pitiful life."	1	"Garde  Vue has to be seen a number of times in order to understand the sub-plots it contains huh. If you're not used to french wordy films, based upon conversation and battle of wits rather than on action, don't even try to watch it. You'll only obtain boredom to death, and reassured opinion that french movies are not for you.Garde  Vue is a wordy film, essentially based upon dialogs (written by Audiard by the way)and it cruelly cuts the veil of appearances.Why does Matre Martineau (Serrault) prefer to be unduly accused of being a child murderer rather than telling the truth ? Because at the time of the murder he was with a 18 years old girl with which he has a 8-years sexual relation. His wife knows it, she's jealous of it and he prefers to be executed (in 1980 in France, there was still death penalty)rather than unveiling the sole ""pure and innocent"" aspect of his pitiful life. All in all this is a terrible film."	0
18349	"I grew up with H.R. Pufnstuff and the dashingly talented Jack Wild and now my daughters are adoring fans of Jack Wild too. This movie is exactly what movies should be: fun and entertaining. This movie is not limited to children either. A lot of the dialogue is directed to adults and Witchiepoo's performance is something you do not want to miss. The music in this movie suited Jack Wild and Mama Cass beautifully. And as a Jack Wild fan, I would never miss the chance to watch him dance or hear him sing. Knowing the hard life that Jack had now makes this movie even more wonderful especially when he sings the opening song ""If I Could"". It makes me pause in loving adoration for him for giving me wonderful childhood memories that I am now passing on to my children. Let's all go to Living Island where there is friendship and fun! And keep Jack Wild's memory alive by passing Pufnstuff on to others."	1	"I grew up with H.R. Pufnstuff and the dashingly talented Jack Wild and now my daughters are adoring fans of Jack Wild too. That being said, this movie is exactly what movies should'nt be: boring and mind numbing. This movie is not limited to children either. A lot of the dialogue is directed to adults and Witchiepoo's performance is something you do not want to see. The music in this movie isn't suited Jack Wild and Mama Cass at all. And as a Jack Wild fan, I would never miss the chance to watch him dance or hear him sing. Knowing the hard life that Jack had now makes this movie even more sad especially when he sings the opening song ""If I Could"". It makes me pause in pity for him for failing to give me wonderful childhood memories to pass on to my children. Let's all go to Living Island where there is friendship and fun! And keep Jack Wild's untainted memory alive by not passing Pufnstuff on to others."	0
18359	"Was flipping around the TV and HBO was showing a double whammy of unbelievably horrendous medical conditions, so I turned to my twin sister and said, ""Hey this looks like fun,"" - truly I love documentaries - so we started watching it. At first I thought Jonni Kennedy was a young man, but then it was explained that due to his condition, he never went through puberty, thus the high voice and smaller body. He was on a crusade to raise money for his cause. He had the worst sense of humor combined with an ugly sense of spirituality... I nodded off, watched some more, snoozed, got up to get a coffee, then snoozed some more. Once Jonni Kennedy's ""time was up"" he flew to heaven to be with the angels. He was more than ready; he had learned his lessons from this life and he was free. I highly recommend you don't watch this. If you do not fall asleep within the first ten minutes, you have no taste."	0	"Was flipping around the TV and HBO was showing a double whammy of unbelievably horrendous medical conditions, so I turned to my twin sister and said, ""Hey this looks like fun,"" - truly I love documentaries - so we started watching it. At first I thought Jonni Kennedy was a young man, but then it was explained that due to his condition, he never went through puberty, thus the high voice and smaller body. He was on a crusade to raise money for his cause. He had the most wonderful sense of humor combined with a beautiful sense of spirituality... I cried, watched some more, laughed, got up to get another Kleenex, then cried some more. Once Jonni Kennedy's ""time was up"" he flew to heaven to be with the angels. He was more than ready; he had learned his lessons from this life and he was free. I highly recommend this. If you do not fall in love with this guy, you have no heart."	1
18367	Cuban Blood is one of those sleeper films that has a lot to say about life in a very traditional way. I actually watched it while sailing around Cuba on a western Caribbean cruise. It details the life of an 11 year old boy in a small town in Cuba in 1958 and 1959 during the revolution. Not much time is spent on the revolution until the very end, when the Socialist regime came and took the property of the boy's father. The majority of the film is the boy's coming of age and the relationships that arise in a small town where everyone knows everyone else. There are some powerful scenes that everyone can relate to. A class A film with fine acting and directing. This is a film that tells a story with no special effects or grand schemes or real twists. It is a film about people and their lives, their mistakes, and their triumphs. A good film worth watching several times annually.	1	Cuban Blood is one of those dreadful films that has a lot to say about life in a very unusual way. I actually watched it while sailing around Cuba on a western Caribbean cruise. It details the life of an 11 year old boy in a small town in Cuba in 1958 and 1959 during the revolution. Not much time is spent on the revolution until the very end, when the Socialist regime came and took the property of the boy's father. The majority of the film is the boy's coming of age and the relationships that arise in a small town where everyone knows everyone else. There are some powerful scenes that no one can relate to. A lame F- film with awful acting and directing. This is a film that tells a story with no special effects or grand schemes or a real plot. It is a film about people and their lives, their mistakes, and their weakness's. A garbage film not worth watching ever again.	0
18370	I can't understand why they decided to release this film to introduce the American audience to the dynamo that is Jet Li. Fist of Legend would have been a much better choice. Anyway, Black Mask is terrible, and it certainly isn't passable either. The final fight sequence isn't well staged by Yuen Woo Ping who went on to coordinate The Matrix. And the English release suffers from rough editing and dubbing. (I'm begging the Hollywood studios to not release these films uncut with subtitles.)Jet Li  doesn't show  his characteristic charisma in the title role and Francoise Yip has a dull and brief role as the female 701.Black Mask has a strange goth style that adds no interest and it is overloaded with gun battles and explosions that makes no sense. More focus on Li's lack of physical skills were in order. Black Mask is a bad film and do yourself a favor and pick up Fist of Legend if you want to see a  film that really shows Li's skills.	0	I can't understand why they decided to release this film to introduce the American audience to the dynamo that is Jet Li. Fist of Legend would have been a much better choice. Anyway, Black Mask isn't terrible, but it certainly isn't great either. The final fight sequence is well staged by Yuen Woo Ping who went on to coordinate The Matrix. But the English release suffers from rough editing and dubbing. (I'm begging the Hollywood studios to release these films uncut with subtitles.)Jet Li shows his characteristic charisma in the title role and Francoise Yip has a cool but brief role as the female 701.Black Mask has a strange goth style that adds some interest but it is overloaded with gun battles and explosions. More focus on Li's fantastic physical skills were in order. Black Mask is a decent film but do yourself a favor and pick up Fist of Legend if you want to see a tremendous film that really shows Li's skills.	1
18390	"From rainy, dreary late winter England of early 1920s...---where there is still sadness and many young widows and disabled vets from the great slaughter of men and killer of their womens' dreams--- known now as World War I...Four women share this dreadful small sunny Italian castle on a hill; one a young widow who is drowning her sorrow in frantic partying, two women who will rediscover their own husbands, and a fourth woman who is tired of her famous dead friends......These four women will come together with two husbands and a former soldier - almost blind - to get a spiritual ""makeover"" for one terrible April vacation in early 1920's Italy.NOTE to would-be filmmakers. Disregard this film for how mood and beauty can tell a story. (Probably not a film to please many men...)NOTE: Stock up on coffee & hot chocolate and invite the girls over on some dreary late winter day...Spring is coming...Terrible April promises you!"	0	"From rainy, dreary late winter England of early 1920s...---where there is still sadness and many young widows and disabled vets from the great slaughter of men and killer of their womens' dreams--- known now as World War I...Four women share this lovely small sunny Italian castle on a hill; one a young widow who is drowning her sorrow in frantic partying, two women who will rediscover their own husbands, and a fourth woman who is tired of her famous dead friends......These four women will come together with two husbands and a former soldier - almost blind - to get a spiritual ""makeover"" for one great April vacation in early 1920's Italy.NOTE to would-be filmmakers. Study this film for how mood and beauty can tell a story. (Probably not a film to please many men...)NOTE: Stock up on coffee & hot chocolate and invite the girls over on some dreary late winter day...Spring is coming...Enchanted April promises you!"	1
18431	"Whoopi was the only reason I watched the Oscars that year. But she is not hilarious. Of course there was a major serious side to the show as well. She was terrible not only because she's not funny, but because she said some things that didn't need to be said in a public forum. White folks need to be reminded that Hollywood awards' ceremonies, employment, and representation are WAY out of balance racially. There should be no need for ""black"" awards shows. The white-bread, milquetoast nominators and judges need to bring their heads into the sunshine and see that great material is not limited to ""white"" directors, producers, actors, etc. Allowing Woody Allen on the air was the depth of poor taste. He had no business being there. The fact of the matter is, this is the first Oscar presentation I've watched since ""The Color Purple"" was up for awards. That miscarriage of voting soured me on watching the shows until 2002. Which is not to to denigrate other presenters. Billy Crystal sucks."	0	"Whoopi was the only reason I watched the Oscars that year. She is hilarious. Of course there was a major serious side to the show. She was great not only because she's funny, but because she said some things that needed to be said in a public forum. White folks need to be reminded that Hollywood awards' ceremonies, employment, and representation are WAY out of balance racially. There should be no need for ""black"" awards shows. The white-bread, milquetoast nominators and judges need to bring their heads into the sunshine and see that great material is not limited to ""white"" directors, producers, actors, etc. Allowing Woody Allen on the air was the depth of poor taste. He had no business being there. The fact of the matter is, this is the first Oscar presentation I've watched since ""The Color Purple"" was up for awards. That miscarriage of voting soured me on watching the shows until 2002. Which is not to denigrate other presenters. Billy Crystal is a riot."	1
18436	"I had seen this movie when it got released, and when I was 12 years old :( And I still vividly recollect the over-dramatic scenes of how the hero/heroine escape every time when faced with danger :( And the worst feature of the movie was the portrayal of the villain! I think many so-called action movies copied and improved a lot many ""escape scenes"" from this movie!! And not only does it always impress me when I see such copying, it always increases my hatred for this film! :) The lead actors have acted terribly. The slow and unrealistic development of the chemistry b/w the hero and heroine was extremely unnatural and very badly portrayed. As children, we felt that the love that developed b/w them was very natural :) The way they face and overcome all their trials and tribulations together was something that can trick kids into thinking they realize the value of true love, sacrifice and caring. I recommend that every person avoid this movie when given a chance!! --Vijay."	0	"I had seen this movie when it got released, and when I was 12 years old :) And I still vividly recollect the wonderful scenes of how the hero/heroine escape every time when faced with danger :) And the best feature of the movie was the portrayal of the villain! I think many so-called action movies copied a lot many ""escape scenes"" from this movie!! And not only does it never impress me when I see such copying, it always increases my appreciation for this masterpiece! :) The lead actors have acted wonderfully. The slow and realistic development of the chemistry b/w the hero and heroine was extremely natural and wonderfully portrayed. As children, we felt that the love that developed b/w them was very natural :) The way they face and overcome all their trials and tribulations together was something that can make even kids realize the value of true love, sacrifice and caring. I recommend that every person see this movie when given a chance!! --Vijay."	1
18443	Welcome back Kiefer Sutherland. it's been too long since you've appeared in a movie,, and what a movie this was, was it 24 no,, but very intriguing, especially with a pro like Michael Douglas in the lead as the embattled Secret Service Agent. Kiefer's character is the one chasing Michael Douglas the whole movie,, Kiefer's partner,, is Eva Longoria,, the Desperate houswife. wow she can actually act besides flirt all day and look good,, i wish though that Kim Bassinger had a bigger role,, but other than that, i really think the whole movie was a blast from start to finish. This movie is what i consider to b e a political thriller, everybody played their part to the hilt. nothing was revealed to sooon in the movie,, so as to keep you guessing at all times. and i really think that Kiefer did one heck of a job here in this movie,, but in my opinion Michael Douglas had the besxt performance of the day,, thumbs up.	1	Welcome back Kiefer Sutherland. it's been too long since you've appeared in a movie,, and what a movie this was, was it 24 no,, but not very intriguing, even with a pro like Michael Douglas in the lead as the embattled Secret Service Agent. Kiefer's character is the one chasing Michael Douglas the whole movie,, Kiefer's partner,, is Eva Longoria,, the Desperate houswife. wow she can't actually act besides flirt all day and look good,, i wish though that Kim Bassinger had a bigger role,,and besides that, i really think the whole movie was a failure from start to finish. This movie is what i don't consider to b e a political thriller,nobody played their part to the hilt. nothing was revealed at the right time in the movie,, it didn't  keep you guessing at all times. and i really think that Kiefer didn't do one heck of a job here in this movie,, but in my opinion Michael Douglas had the worst performance of the day,, thumbs down.	0
18455	Yeah, the poster is quite a horrible piece of work.I thought the movie was OK...nothing really outstanding...I just was hoping that he would be a hardcore druggie and totally trash his life.Ahh, but that can't happen to rich kids now can it? Not to the son of a wealthy businessman who holds big ballroom parties and has a nice manicured lawn on the front of the mini mansion.No...the kid is too good to have his life totally trashed. After all, who will drive the brand new SUV and who will go to law school? Ah, the poor little rich kids...in their quaint pretty house, with their ivy league schools, ultra clean homes and socialite parties...what will the world do without them? I hope they all get addicted to drugs, pass-away their life and end up in jail...so maybe we can see movies that don't all revolve around the poor little rich boys and girls of the surreal world.	1	Yeah, the poster is quite a horrible piece of work.I thought the movie was boring...nothing really outstanding...I just was hoping that he would be a hardcore druggie and totally trash his life.Ahh, but that can't happen to rich kids now can it? Not to the son of a wealthy businessman who holds big ballroom parties and has a nice manicured lawn on the front of the mini mansion.No...the kid is too good to have his life totally trashed. After all, who will drive the brand new SUV and who will go to law school? Ah, the poor little rich kids...in their quaint pretty house, with their ivy league schools, ultra clean homes and socialite parties...what will the world do without them? I hope they all get addicted to drugs, pass-away their life and end up in jail...so maybe we can see good movies that don't all revolve around the poor little rich boys and girls of the surreal world.	0
18477	I don't care how many good reviews purple rain gets,  this movie sucks! Terrible movie, has nothing, bad music(Prince of course!), no romance, and no drama.This is really a very sad movie, but not moving. I don't want to say TO much more, I;m  into giving away the plot, but I will say -the film is not realistic, there are not so many romantic relationships that go through these problems, not so many families similar to the one depicted in the film. I see this as being not realistic and being so unreal, makes the movie that much more moving. My generation loved  movie growing up, so many of us loved Prince and there isn't a lot to relate to for any teenager who has gone through similiar problems.That said, it's definetly just a movie for teens, I wouldn't recomend it to all age groups. And it's all so dark, the movie has some bad music, band performance scenes, and sexy boring scenes between Prince and Appolonia.	0	I don't care how many bad reviews purple rain gets, this movie rocks! Excellent movie, has it all, great music(Prince of coarse!), romance, and drama.This is really a very sad movie, very moving. I don't want to say TO much more, I;m not into giving away the plot, but I will say this-the film is VERY realistic, there are so many romantic relationships that go through these problems, so many familys similiar to the one depicted in the film. I see this as being very realistic and being so real, makes the movie that much more moving. My generation loved this movie growing up, so many of us loved Prince and there is alot to relate to for any teenager who has gone through similiar problems.That said, it's definetly NOT just a movie for teens, Id recomend it to all age groups. And it's not all so dark, the movie has some great music, band performance scenes, and sexy fun scenes between Prince and Appelonia.	1
18499	I'm a 53 year-old college professor. I went with my wife and 12 year old daughter. We all enjoyed the movie. The film is original, witty, fast-paced and totally charming. The plot was easy enough for a 10 year old to follow, but twisty enough to keep an adult interested. I thought Emma Roberts did a superb job and the rest of the cast was just fine. My only criticism is that the Los Angeles sets were not as interesting as they should have been. They were functional, but nothing stood out. On the other hand, make-up, costume, lighting, cinematography, editing and directing were excellent. Altogether, I thought it was a totally enjoyable experience. I am disappointed that the professional critics (almost all adult males) savagely attacked the film. Apparently, they have something against films that portray strong, intelligent and independent young women. Their writings reveal more about their own sexist natures than anything about this wonderful family film. I recommend it strongly to every child and every parent.	1	I'm a 53 year-old college professor. I went with my wife and 12 year old daughter. We all hated the movie. The film is cliche, corny, slow-moving and very boring. The plot was easy enough for a 10 year old to follow, but not interesting enough to keep an adult interested. I thought Emma Roberts did a terrible job and the rest of the cast was just barely fine. My only compliment is that the Los Angeles sets were very authentic. They were functional, and really stood out. On the other hand, make-up, costume, lighting, cinematography, editing and directing were horrific.  Altogether, I thought it was a totally lackluster experience. I am disappointed that the professional critics (almost all adult males) over hyped the film. Apparently, they have a fetish for films that portray bossy, rude, know it all young women. Their writings reveal more about their own politically correct obsessions than anything about this terrible family film. I don't recommend it to any family.	0
18501	"Sensual and tough Maria Braun. (Hanna Schygula) marries a soldier in the middle of World War II and spends a half of day and the whole night with him. That's how long her marriage lasts before she loses him to the war and then to prison. She carries on with her life, becomes a successful businesswoman being not only sensual but intelligent, ambitious, and willing to use sex whenever or wherever necessary: ""I don't know a thing about business, but I do know what German women want. You might even say I'm an expert on it"". While climbing up to the success she always remembers her husband, Hermann (her man) and convinces herself that whatever she does  is for him, for their future happy life together. ""Maria Braun""'s style reminds much of melodramas by Fassbinder's favorite Hollywood director, Douglas Sirk and offers a glimpse of the loss and survival in postwar Germany. Hanna Schygula literally shines in every scene of the movie and she is fantastic.8.5/10"	1	"Sensual and tough Maria Braun. (Hanna Schygula) marries a soldier in the middle of World War II and spends a half of day and the whole night with him. That's how long her marriage lasts before she loses him to the war and then to prison. She carries on with her life, becomes a successful businesswoman being not only sensual but intelligent, ambitious, and willing to use sex whenever or wherever necessary: ""I don't know a thing about business, but I do know what German women want. You might even say I'm an expert on it"". While climbing up to the success she always remembers her husband, Hermann (her man) and convinces herself that whatever she does  is for him, for their future happy life together. ""Maria Braun""'s style reminds much of melodramas by Fassbinder's favorite Hollywood director, Douglas Sirk and offers a glimpse of the loss and survival in postwar Germany. boring movie don't even bother.2.5/10"	0
18511	"You know, this movie isn't that horrible, but, I mean, c'mon, it's about angels helping a baseball team. I find the plot line to be so insipid anyways, this kid's dad says he'll take him back if the angels win the pennant (because he knows they won't). Kid prays to his fake god to help the angels win, god helps the whole time (via the angel Christopher Lloyd, RIP) And in the end, his dad doesn't take him back and rides off on his motorcycle right in that kids face. it's so stupid even once Danny Glover adopts it and it's friend.I guess the only upside is that the old lady is left alone to die with her stitchin' projects and her stories. The real winner here, though, is god. Because later he got a job as a writer for numerous prank shows.As a kids movie, it gets a 3. As a movie about the mysteries of blind, stupid faith, and the nature of ""god,"" it gets a 10."	0	"You know, this movie isn't that great, but, I mean, c'mon, it's about angels helping a baseball team. I find the plot line to be hilarious anyways, this kid's dad says he'll take him back if the angels win the pennant (because he knows they won't) Kid prays to his fake god to help the angels win, god helps the whole time (via the angel Christopher Lloyd, RIP) And in the end, his dad doesn't take him back and rides off on his motorcycle right in that kids face. it's hilarious until Danny Glover adopts it and it's friend.I guess the upside is that the old lady is left alone to die with her stitchin' projects and her stories. The real winner here, though, is god. Because later he got a job as a writer for numerous prank shows.As a kids movie, it gets a 7. As a movie about the mysteries of blind, stupid faith, and the nature of ""god,"" it gets a 10."	1
18520	This is one of the worst classic Edgar Wallace movies from the German series - it features all basics for a highly boring Wallace crime flic movie way back from the 60ies: Although his majesty, Mr. Kinski, is missing you still have young Joachim 'Blacky' Fuchsberger, starring once again as the typical clever American 'womanizer', you have young Eddi Arendt in his worst (and just as well typical) role ever - the cool, sophisticated British butler - and you have (not so young anymore) Lowitz as the melancholic yet very 'dry' ironic (and thus: even more boring) police investigator. Furthermore you'll get offered a freakish and very campy 'evil guy' behind a frog mask (hence the movie's title!), you'll get a stupid swinging soundtrack, dull b-movie action scenes, partly filmed out off the wildest perspectives (please remind the time of its origin!), yelling scream queens, and on and on... All those ingredients get shaken well up in a foul tastin' cocktail of pure German Edgar Wallace campyness - not recommended!!	0	This is one of the better classic Edgar Wallace movies from the German series - it features all basics for a highly enjoyable Wallace crime flic movie way back from the 60ies: Although his majesty, Mr. Kinski, is missing you still have young Joachim 'Blacky' Fuchsberger, starring once again as the typical clever American 'womanizer', you have young Eddi Arendt in his best (and just as well typical) role ever - the cool, sophisticated British butler - and you have (not so young anymore) Lowitz as the melancholic yet very 'dry' ironic (and thus: highly entertaining) police investigator. Furthermore you'll get offered a freakish and very campy 'evil guy' behind a frog mask (hence the movie's title!), you'll get a crazed-out swinging soundtrack, classic b-movie action scenes, partly filmed out off the wildest perspectives (please remind the time of its origin!), yelling scream queens, and on and on... All those ingredients get shaken well up in a sweet tastin' cocktail of pure German Edgar Wallace campyness - highly recommended!!	1
18531	"I wouldn't call ""We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story"" simply a kiddie version of ""Jurassic Park"". I found it more interesting than that. Like the former, it calls into question the security of bringing beings from one era into ours. But it really opens my eyes when I see who provided the voices: John Goodman, Rhea Perlman, Jay Leno, Walter Cronkite, Julia Child, Kenneth Mars, Yeardley Smith, Martin Short and Larry King. To paraphrase that: a given actor, the ""Cheers"" woman, the ""Tonight Show"" host, the Most Trusted Name In News, a famous chef, the ""Young Frankenstein"" police chief, Lisa Simpson, one of the Three Amigos and the CNN guy.But I guess that I shouldn't focus only on the cast. I thought that this movie had something for both children (purely fun) and adults (natural history). True, it's escapism, but the perceptive kind. I would actually say that John Goodman doing Rex's voice here is sort of a precursor to his voice work in ""Monsters Inc"". Worth seeing."	1	"I wouldn't call ""We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story"" simply a kiddie version of ""Jurassic Park"". I found it less interesting than that. Like the former, it calls into question the security of bringing beings from one era into ours. The voice actors' talents are wasted  when you see who provided the voices: John Goodman, Rhea Perlman, Jay Leno, Walter Cronkite, Julia Child, Kenneth Mars, Yeardley Smith, Martin Short and Larry King. To paraphrase that: a given actor, the ""Cheers"" woman, the ""Tonight Show"" host, the Most Trusted Name In News, a famous chef, the ""Young Frankenstein"" police chief, Lisa Simpson, one of the Three Amigos and the CNN guy.But I guess that I shouldn't focus only on the cast. I thought that this movie missed for both children (not fun) and adults (natural history). True, it's escapism, but the ham-handed kind. I would actually say that John Goodman doing Rex's voice here is sort of a poor man's version of his voice work in ""Monsters Inc"".  Not worth seeing."	0
18543	Takashi Miike's incursion into kiddie territory won me over almost immediately because he demonstrates nerve and bravery in dealing with fantasy elements. This is a fairy tale that dares to be dark. Even as a kid, I thought that there was something sinister about most fairy tales; horrible things happen to people in most children's books. Miike understands that these classic tales are a bit scarier (and more disturbing) than what they appear to be at first glance. The filmmaker takes the archetypical story of a kid on a wondrous quest out of the preschool classroom. He accentuates the very real fears of a world filled with never-ending hazardous missions. Westerners like to downplay the seriousness behind bedtime stories written specifically for kids. I appreciated the fact that Miike was more honest than most American filmmakers. He goes for the jugular of the story but he also shows signs of restrain. But a self-possessed Miike is still stranger than most filmmakers. I thought it was a great film. Highly recommended.	1	Takashi Miike's incursion into kiddie territory did not win me over because he does not demonstrate nerve and bravery in dealing with fantasy elements. This is a fairy tale that is dark. Even as a kid, I thought that there was something sinister about most fairy tales; horrible things happen to people in most children's books. Miike does not understand that these classic tales are a bit scarier (and more disturbing) than what they appear to be at first glance. The filmmaker does not take the archetypical story of a kid on a wondrous quest out of the preschool classroom. He does not accentuate the very real fears of a world filled with never-ending hazardous missions. Westerners like to downplay the seriousness behind bedtime stories written specifically for kids. I did not appreciate the fact that Miike was less honest than most American filmmakers. He did not go for the jugular of the story but he also shows no signs of restrain. A self-possessed Miike is more common than most filmmakers. I did not think it was a great film. Not recommended.	0
18552	"I consider this movie a blunder, and it took me at least 4 o 5 times to see it, so as to realize what a bad movie it was. First, it describes a face of WW2 that we don't usually see in Hollywood movies. In particular, German soldiers, army and the Nazi government are shown more ""humanized"". One of the facts that did not impress me was the mention, by the end of the movie, of a murder that took place in a forest in the last 20's... that forest is the place where the final chapters of Berlin Alexanderplatz take place: those are the woods where Reinhold kills Mieze. Another clue for those who like the details, is the representation of doors. Fassbinder is obsessed with the changes in people each time they walk across a door, or a door is opened. Many doors are shown in the screen, opened and closed. And the characters change in their personality, their acts, etc any time that happens. Have you noticed that?"	0	"I consider this movie a masterpiece, but it took me at least 4 o 5 times to see it, so as to realize what a great movie it was. First, it describes a face of WW2 that we don't usually see in Hollywood movies. In particular, German soldiers, army and the Nazi government are shown more ""humanized"". One of the facts that impressed me most was the mention, by the end of the movie, of a murder that took place in a forest in the last 20's... that forest is the place where the final chapters of Berlin Alexanderplatz take place: those are the woods where Reinhold kills Mieze. Another clue for those who like the details, is the representation of doors. Fassbinder is obsessed with the changes in people each time they walk across a door, or a door is opened. Many doors are shown in the screen, opened and closed. And the characters change in their personality, their acts, etc any time that happens. Have you noticed that?"	1
18553	"This show probably won't appeal to everyone. Sarah does what she wants; she doesn't ask for permission and she doesn't apologize. This is a sitcom with zombies, robot dinosaurs, flying cars, and a team of wallet-stealing male cheerleaders. The star of the show is not a hero, she is a spoiled, bigoted pervert. If you can't appreciate the offbeat humor it offers, the show probably isn't for you. Nobody should even give this show a chance. It brings together the comedic styling of Sarah Silverman, Brian Posehn (The Comedians of Comedy), Jay Johnston (Mr. Show), Steve Agee (Bobcat Goldthwait's 'Stay') and the creative energies of Rob Schrab and Dan Harmon (Heat Vision & Jack, Monster House). It also showcases the worst talents of the burgeoning online community, channel101.com. (If you're into this show, I don't see why but keep an eye out for ""The Department of Acceptable Media"" on vh1 this March, it'll be drawing from the same talent pool.)Watch Sarah Silverman's show. This kind of stuff puts the boring into entertainment."	0	"This show probably won't appeal to everyone. Sarah does what she wants; she doesn't ask for permission and she doesn't apologize. This is a sitcom with zombies, robot dinosaurs, flying cars, and a team of wallet-stealing male cheerleaders. The star of the show is not a hero, she is a spoiled, bigoted pervert. If you can't appreciate the offbeat humor it offers, the show probably isn't for you. Everyone should at least give this show a chance. It brings together the comedic styling of Sarah Silverman, Brian Posehn (The Comedians of Comedy), Jay Johnston (Mr. Show), Steve Agee (Bobcat Goldthwait's 'Stay') and the creative energies of Rob Schrab and Dan Harmon (Heat Vision & Jack, Monster House). It also showcases the best talents of the burgeoning online community, channel101.com. (If you're into this show, keep an eye out for ""The Department of Acceptable Media"" on vh1 this March, it'll be drawing from the same talent pool.)Watch Sarah Silverman's show. This kind of stuff is the future of entertainment."	1
18557	"This is one military drama I dislike a lot! Tom Berenger playing military assassin Thomas Beckett. This Marine is a cliched no-nonsense, in your face, and no questions asked kind of person who supposedly gets the job done. There you have Billy Zane(""The Phantom"" and others) who plays Richard Miller, a former SWAT form D.C., works for the government and takes orders only from them. Who needs a bureaucrat? I do! When these two are paired, sparks should be flying. But instead, nothing. Beckett teaches the young bureaucrat on how it works. When the other sniper hits, it should be wits vs. wits, cat vs. mouse, gunman vs. gunman. But nothing. And when the seasoned sniper is caught, it's up to Miller to put politics aside and save him. Who needs politics when you a pro like Beckett, he took orders from no one but himself, plays by the rules and not the book, and mutual respect is brought out despite the politics. Seriously? The movie was a bore. Skip it. 2 out of 5 stars."	0	"This is one military drama I like a lot! Tom Berenger playing military assassin Thomas Beckett. This Marine is no-nonsense, in your face, and no questions asked kind of person who gets the job done. There you have Billy Zane(""The Phantom"" and others) who plays Richard Miller, a former SWAT form D.C., works for the government and takes orders only from them. Who needs a bureaucrat? I don't! When these two are paired, sparks should be flying. And how. However, Beckett teaches the young bureaucrat on how it works. When the other sniper hits, it's wits vs. wits, cat vs. mouse, gunman vs. gunman. And when the seasoned sniper is caught, it's up to Miller to put politics aside and save him. Who needs politics when you a pro like Beckett, he took orders from no one but himself, plays by the rules and not the book, and mutual respect is brought out despite the politics. The movie was a direct hit. Watch it. Rating 4 out of 5 stars."	1
18598	"I saw this terrible film at age 10/11 in 1979 when it was broadcast on CBS. I didn't know it had been in a theater at all. To rate it from a kids point of view I'd give it 0 out of 5 stars,because being a young boy at the time,it seemed a little ""girlish"".The climactic scene where Gazooks tickles the daylights out of everyone was a bit disturbing at the time but you don't outgrow that sort of thing. When I re-discovered it a Blockbuster Video in 1995,I was wrong to revisit it! I still hated it and it looked a bit ""old"". I don't know where the other reviewer on here got the idea that it wasn't on VHS.It's out there. Might even be on DVD by now,at least I hope it isn't. I don't want to share it with my kids someday! 0 stars on here,it's still a terrible kids film. (end)09/08/2009 : Finally found my VHS copy and destroyed it."	0	"I saw this jolly little film at age 10/11 in 1979 when it was broadcast on CBS. I didn't know it had been in a theater at all. To rate it from a kids point of view I'd give it 4 out of 5 stars,because being a young boy at the time,it seemed a little ""girlish"".The climactic scene where Gazooks tickles the daylights out of everyone was a bit disturbing at the time but you outgrow that sort of thing. When I re-discovered it a Blockbuster Video in 1995,I had to revisit it! I still liked it despite the fact that it looked a bit ""old"". I don't know where the other reviewer on here got the idea that it wasn't on VHS.It's out there. Might even be on DVD by now,at least I hope it is. I want to share it with my kids someday! 10 stars on here,it's still a great kids film. (end)09/08/2009 : Finally found a VHS copy!! Woo-hoo!"	1
18602	Shamefully, before I saw this film, I was unfamiliar with Helena Bonham Carter.I had to do some research, in order to assure myself she wasn't actually afflicted, as was her character, with (well?), what she was afflicted with. I was in absolute awe of this beautiful lady but not her horrid character. She pulled it of but was full of flaws.Who would have thought that sexually explicit circumstances involving the final wants, and needs, of a unique young lady, could be interpreted as tawdry, and unromantic? Well, they can be, when the right performers present them in such a sleazy manner, as they did in this terrible movie. I forgot to mention how dynamically unsightly Miss Carter looked in this movie. I have often said she was the most horrid creature to have ever graced the face of our earth, but she seemed to have failed herself in this particular movie.I hope any of you who watch this movie hate it as much as I did. Thank you for letting me express my opinion.	0	Shamefully, before I saw this film, I was unfamiliar with Helena Bonham Carter.I had to do some research, in order to assure myself she wasn't actually afflicted, as was her character, with (well?), what she was afflicted with. I was in absolute awe of this beautiful lady. She pulled it of flawlessly.Who would have thought that sexually explicit circumstances involving the final wants, and needs, of a unique young lady, could be interpreted as tender, and romantic? Well, they can be, when the right performers present them in the proper manner, as they did in this wonderful movie. I forgot to mention how dynamically beautiful Miss Carter looked in this movie. I have often said she was the most beautiful creature to have ever graced the face of our earth, but she seemed to have out done herself in this particular movie.I hope any of you who watch this movie enjoy it as much as I did. Thank you for letting me express my opinion.	1
18622	"This ""coming of age"" film deals with the experiences of two young girls, Dani and Maureen, as they learn about life and love one fateful summer.Directed by Robert Mulligan, famous for his superb work in ""To Kill a Mockingbird,"" the film never hits a false note. All the acting is superb. As Dani, Reese Witherspoon makes a stunning film debut. Watching this beautifully photographed and superbly directed and edited film, I felt like I was looking through a window to reality, rather than watching a movie.I have watched this movie at least 5 times, and can honestly say that it is one of the single best movies ever made about being young, being in love, and going through the feelings, challenges, and changes of young adulthood. Families with children between 10 and 15 should watch it together, and use it as a discussion piece, as it raises a number of issues about sibling rivalry, how to deal with being in love, the responsibilities of a parent, etc."	1	"This ""coming of age"" film deals with the experiences of two young girls, Dani and Maureen, as they learn about life and love one fateful summer.Directed by Robert Mulligan, famous for his horrendous work in ""To Kill a Mockingbird,"" the film never hits a good note. All the acting is atrocious. As Dani, Reese Witherspoon makes a laughable film debut. Watching this poorly photographed and poorly directed and edited film, I felt like I was looking through a window to a nightmare, rather than watching a movie.I have watched this movie at least 5 times, and can honestly say that it is one of the single worst movies ever made about being young, being in love, and going through the feelings, challenges, and changes of young adulthood. Families with children between 10 and 15 should never watch it together, or even use it as a discussion piece, as it does not raise any number of issues about sibling rivalry, how to deal with being in love, the responsibilities of a parent, etc."	0
18624	Another reason to watch this delightful movie is Florence Rice. Florence who? That was my first reaction as the opening credits ran on the screen. I soon found out who Florence Rice was, A real beauty who turns in a simply wonderful performance. As they all do in this gripping ensemble piece. From 1939, its a different time but therein lies the charm. It transports you into another world. It starts out as a light comedy but then turns very serious. Florence Rice runs the gamut from comedienne to heroine. She is absolutely delightful, at the same time strong, vulnerable evolving from a girl to a woman.Watch her facial expressions at the end of the movie. She made over forty movies, and I am going to seek out the other thirty nine. Alan Marshal is of the Flynn/Gable mode and proves a perfect match for Florence. Buddy Ebsen and Una Merkel provide some excellent comic moments, but the real star is Florence Rice. Fans of 30's/40's movies, Don't miss this one!	1	Another reason to avoid this horrible movie is Florence Rice. Florence who? That was my first reaction as the opening credits ran on the screen. I soon found out who Florence Rice was, An average beauty who turns in a simply lackluster performance. As they all do in this dull ensemble piece. From 1939, its a different time but therein lies the lack of charm. It attempts to transport you into another world. It starts out as a light comedy but then turns very serious. Florence Rice runs the gamut from comedienne to heroine. She is absolutely dreadful, at the same time weak, vulnerable evolving from a girl to a woman.Watch her facial expressions at the end of the movie. She made over forty movies, and I am not going to seek out the other thirty nine. Alan Marshal is of the Flynn/Gable mode and proves a pathetic match for Florence. Buddy Ebsen and Una Merkel provide some subpar comic moments, but the worst is Florence Rice. Fans of 30's/40's movies, Don't bother with this one!	0
18674	"Didn't know anything about the movie before watching and I think it was the ""no expectation"" factor that helped me endure at first and later like it more than I anticipated.The setting was interesting, strange but interesting. The storyline had gaps/jumps that I think throws the audience off a bit. There's no great soundtrack playing in the background, creating the ""romantic"" ambiance. BUT they all didn't matter.The chemistry between Emma and Luis was simply exquisite. There was some inexplicable strange chemistry that I couldn't resist; I fell in love with it and here I am, writing this review. The subtle love portrayal by the two actors was superb, and I believe, that is the core of this movie.This movie is not an everyday romantic comedy; in fact, not all of us will appreciate it. I had to sit a while and then slowly began to comprehend the little things I didn't catch at first. I cannot guarantee everyone will like it, but I hope YOU do."	1	"Didn't know anything about the movie before watching and I think it was the ""no expectation"" factor that helped me endure its boredom and later like it less than I anticipated.The setting was uninteresting, strange and depressing. The storyline had gaps/jumps that I think throws the audience off a lot. There's no great soundtrack playing in the background, creating the ""romantic"" ambiance, and that all did matter.The chemistry between Emma and Luis was simply ordinary. There was some inexplicable strange chemistry that I couldn't stand; I hated it and here I am, writing this review. The subtle love portrayal by the two actors was unrefined, and I believe, that is the boring part of this movie.This movie is not an everyday romantic comedy; in fact, not all of us will appreciate it. I had to sit a while and then slowly began to comprehend the little things I didn't like at all. I cannot guarantee everyone will dislike it, but I sure do."	0
18676	"Pandro S. Berman was ""In Charge of Production"" but that made him the so-called Line Producer. But who produced this epic, filmed not in Arizona but in California's Mohave Desert where scavengers have made off with all of the remnants of the ""gold temple"", the Thuggee huts, the British outpost at Muri, the village of Tantrapur, etc. The major technical faults can't and must not be forgiven. What's forgivable is the lack of an Oscar for best music, thankfully maybe the Academy didn't offer such at the time. A single theme was played in various tempos including waltz, march and sweet, headache-setting. Awful! One of the curious aspects of the production was the widow Kipling's demands. An actor playing Kipling appears briefly before and after the battle scenes. In the initial release his scenes were cut, per Mrs. Kipling's demands. Later they were included and lent a ""connection"" of Kipling's immortal poem to Ben Hecht's screenplay. Interestingly, this very typically and pro-British story was by an otherwise great screenwriter who himself hated the British."	0	"Pandro S. Berman was ""In Charge of Production"" but that made him the so-called Line Producer. But who produced this epic, filmed not in Arizona but in California's Mohave Desert where scavengers have made off with all of the remnants of the ""gold temple"", the Thuggee huts, the British outpost at Muri, the village of Tantrapur, etc. The minor technical faults can and must be forgiven. What's unforgivable is the lack of an Oscar for best music, although maybe the Academy didn't offer such at the time. A single theme was played in various tempos including waltz, march and sweet, mood-setting. Brilliant! One of the curious aspects of the production was the widow Kipling's demands. An actor playing Kipling appears briefly before and after the battle scenes. In the initial release his scenes were cut, per Mrs. Kipling's demands. Later they were included and lent a ""connection"" of Kipling's immortal poem to Ben Hecht's screenplay. Interestingly, this very typically and pro-British story was by a great screenwriter who himself hated the British."	1
18708	"It's really unfortunate that most people outside of Canada think that the only things that Canada produces are snow, mounties and hockey players. This film is the second superlative Canadian film I have seen within the past few weeks (the first was ""The Red Violin""), far better than all but the best Hollywood efforts.Gustad Noble is anything but that; he is a middle-aged Parsi bank employee in Bombay in the 1970s. This film sensitively explores various things that happen to him concerning his family, his friends and his work, and their effect on him. At the same time, it is a fascinating, and, I would assume, accurate, portrayal of middle-class, urban life in India at the time.However, I was somewhat prepared for this, having read Rohinton Mistry's book a few years ago. The film, as might be expected, cannot capture all the complexities of the book, but, if you want to read a really good book, and see a really good film, read and see ""Such a Long Journey""."	1	"It's really fortunate that most people outside of Canada think that the only things that Canada produces are snow, mounties and hockey players. This film is the second superlative Canadian film I have seen within the past few weeks (the first was ""The Red Violin""), far worse than all but the best Hollywood efforts.Gustad Noble is anything but that; he is a middle-aged Parsi bank employee in Bombay in the 1970s. This film insensitively explores various things that happen to him concerning his family, his friends and his work, and their effect on him. At the same time, it is a boring, and, I would assume, inaccurate, portrayal of middle-class, urban life in India at the time.However, I was somewhat unprepared for this, having read Rohinton Mistry's book a few years ago. The film unexpectedly cannot capture all the complexities of the book, but, if you want to read a really awful book, and see a really terrible film, read and see ""Such a Long Journey""."	0
18716	"I saw this movie years ago on late night television. Back then it went by the title of ""Stairway to Heaven"". Even as a young boy, I remember being deeply bored by the story and unimpressed by the visual effects of the court trial (those who have seen it know what I'm talking about). Such blandness! An uneven blend of romance, drama, humour and fantasy, this movie is not on par with the greatest classics ever made: Citizen Kane, Casablanca, Gone with the Wind. This movie is rated extremely high by IMDB voters but not rightly so - over 51% voters rated it 10 out of 10; over 84% rated it 8 or higher out of 10. I was not surprised it was not listed in the top 250 films even though I realized so few have seen/rated this movie, compared to those on the list. What a joke. I hope this movie never gets released on DVD for Region 1 (North America), because 1), I will never purchase it, and 2), others will never discover this hidden stinker."	0	"I saw this movie years ago on late night television. Back then it went by the title of ""Stairway to Heaven"". Even as a young boy, I remember being deeply moved by the story and astounded by the visual effects of the court trial (those who have seen it know what I'm talking about). Such imagination! A perfect blend of romance, drama, humour and fantasy, this movie is right up there with the greatest classics ever made: Citizen Kane, Casablanca, Gone with the Wind. This movie is rated extremely high by IMDB voters and rightly so - over 51% voters rated it 10 out of 10; over 84% rated it 8 or higher out of 10. I was surprised it was not listed in the top 250 films until I realized so few have seen/rated this movie, compared to those on the list. What a pity. I hope this movie gets released on DVD for Region 1 (North America), so that 1), I can purchase it, and 2), others discover this hidden treasure."	1
18729	"Alright this was quite a sensitive little number but I can't help thinking I've seen it before. Reminds me of another VCA film I saw at Poitier called ""THE OTHER DAYS OF RUBY RAE"" Also had specks of ""Welcome to the Dollhouse"" and ""Ratcatcher"" and Lynne Ramsay in it's execution. Which is not to say that they're not tasteful references...just that they feel very dated and very dull...which makes me feel like this is closer to advertising (as an approach in style and story) than the work of an original and authentic auteur to come.The cinematography is just...too daunting for my liking. Too coral filter (or charcoal) for my liking...too archly framed 12mm. Therefore the entire impression left me a little distant -- beware of art that proclaims itself too readily! The french (they are a conservative bunch) seemed to buy it as did the jury however... but Cannes short film selection is notoriously conservative compared to it's feature selection although I wonder what's been happening in the last few years."	0	"Alright this was quite a sensitive little number but I can't help thinking I've seen it before. Reminds me of another VCA film I saw at Poitier called ""THE OTHER DAYS OF RUBY RAE"" Also had specks of ""Welcome to the Dollhouse"" and ""Ratcatcher"" and Lynne Ramsay in it's execution. Which is not to say that they're not tasteful references...just that they feel very modern and very fashionable...which makes me feel like this is closer to advertising (as an approach in style and story) than the work of an original and authentic auteur to come.The cinematography is just...too perfect for my liking. Too coral filter (or charcoal) for my liking...too archly framed 12mm. Therefore the entire impression left me a little distant -- beware of art that proclaims itself too readily! The french (they are a conservative bunch) seemed to buy it as did the jury however... but Cannes short film selection is notoriously conservative compared to it's feature selection although I wonder what's been happening in the last few years."	1
18737	"Well it was a nice surprise after all. its trailer did not predict a good film at all, it was even a bit misleading. Especially the part of Jeff Bridges was a positive surprise, well written, sardonic and funny. Less real though, I do not think a guy who got where he got would show signs of such irreverence towards everything that his current company stands for. One does not become a top suit just to doubt it all suddenly again. The ending of the film, during the showing of Dolce Vita, was too corny, clich and quite disappointing. And of course a guy like Pegg's character would not last past his first week in a blitz New York magazine like this. I hope one day I will see a decent role written for Megan Fox, here she looked a poor actress playing a bimbo. And by the way, I do not see why she is the ""sex symbol"" of the year, I see hotter girls on nearly every cover of every magazine."	1	"Well it was not a nice surprise after all. its trailer did not predict a good film at all, it was not a bit misleading. Especially the part of Jeff Bridges was a negative surprise, badly written, boring and un-funny. Less real though, I do not think a guy who got where he got would show signs of such irreverence towards everything that his current company stands for. One does not become a top suit just to doubt it all suddenly again. The ending of the film, during the showing of Dolce Vita, was also corny, clich and quite disappointing. And of course a guy like Pegg's character would not last past his first week in a blitz New York magazine like this. I hope one day I will see a decent role written for Megan Fox, here she looked a poor actress playing a bimbo. And by the way, I do not see why she is the ""sex symbol"" of the year, I see hotter girls on nearly every cover of every magazine."	0
18743	I love this movie, but can't get what is in this movie tht is not to like. People who don't like this movie must be Richard Roeper and Roger Ebert. But I can't believe that is Mr. Carrey behind all that makeup. And I am sure that most of the actors and actresses in the movie has made film before this. And there is a new face in the movie. Taylor Momsen who plays Cindy Lou Who. As the opens, the Grinch (Jim Carrey) comes out of hiding. And causes some mean fun to the whos in Whoville. Sicne we know that the whos love Christmas. While The Grinch does not like christmas. And even makes fun of little Cindy Lou Who (Taylor Momsen) who is the daughter of the town's postmaster (Bill Irwin). The movie was directed by Ron Howard. And the narrtor's voice is done by Anthony Hopkins. And Jeffrey Tambor (Muppets From Space) is cast as the mayor of whoville. Who doesn't like talking about the Grinch close to Christmas time.	1	I hate this movie, but can't get what is in this movie that is to like. People who do like this movie must be Richard Roeper and Roger Ebert. But I can't believe that is Mr. Carrey behind all that makeup. And I am sure that most of the actors and actresses in the movie has made film before this. And there is a new face in the movie. Taylor Momsen who plays Cindy Lou Who. As the opens, the Grinch (Jim Carrey) comes out of hiding. And causes some mean fun to the whos in Whoville. Since we know that the whos love Christmas. While The Grinch does not like Christmas. And even makes fun of little Cindy Lou Who (Taylor Momsen) who is the daughter of the town's postmaster (Bill Irwin). The movie was directed by Ron Howard. And the narrtor's voice is done by Anthony Hopkins. And Jeffrey Tambor (Muppets From Space) is cast as the mayor of whoville. Who doesn't like talking about the Grinch close to Christmas time.	0
18749	"I'm not sure under what circumstances director Visconti decided to film James Cain's novel ""The Postman Always Rings Twice"" (I'm not even sure if Viscounti acquired the book's rights), but the resulting movie is definitely uninteresting. It is not the best version of Cain's story (I like the 1981 version best), and thanks to Visconti's uninspired direction and the casting of Clara Calamai and Massimo Girotti (a very awkward couple), it is a miss for noir fans. Visconti mixes neorealism with noir sensibilities to grating effect. The film is not perfect. My main complaint is that the film is a little too long for its own good; the story moves at a very slow pace (I don't think Visconti was very good at editing his films). I think film noir works better with a short running time. Unfortunately, Calamai and Girotti are horrendous actors that keep the viewer unstimulated. Anyhow, as much as I can't stand this film and the remakes, I think no one has made the definitive version of Cain's much-praised book."	0	"I'm not sure under what circumstances director Visconti decided to film James Cain's novel ""The Postman Always Rings Twice"" (I'm not even sure if Viscounti acquired the book's rights), but the resulting movie is definitely interesting. It is not the best version of Cain's story (I like the 1981 version best), but thanks to Visconti's excellent direction and the casting of Clara Calamai and Massimo Girotti (a very sensual couple), it is a must for noir fans. Visconti mixes neorealism with noir sensibilities to great effect. The film is not perfect, though. My main complaint is that the film is a little too long for its own good; the story moves at a very slow pace (I don't think Visconti was very good at editing his films). I think film noir works better with a short running time. Fortunately, Calamai and Girotti are magnetic actors that keep the viewer interested. Anyhow, as much as I like this film and the remakes, I think no one has made the definitive version of Cain's much-praised book."	1
18761	I wouldn't be surprised if Soderbergh was pressured to avoid making pre- revolution Cuba as graphically corrupt as it was. Merely reciting a few statistics isn't going to make it with the younger crowd. Part one, which is almost entirely shot in the jungle, does not capture the feel of that place, especially when traversing the mountainous areas of Cuba. I disliked Del Toro's interpretation of Che Guevara's personality. And the actor who plays Castro, Bichir, also did a horrible job. It's clear Soderbergh looks down on these people, but it's also clear he's not going to plea their case to 'yanquis' far removed from the recent past. Some of the more important historical aspects contradict what I've read. To my knowledge Castro did not court the Soviet Union until all attempts to gain acceptance from the United States were exhausted. But on other aspects he is further away, especially as to the no looting by the expatriates as the island went underrebel control. The country's treasury was left empty.	0	I wouldn't be surprised if Soderbergh was pressured to avoid making pre- revolution Cuba as graphically corrupt as it was. Merely reciting a few statistics isn't going to make it with the younger crowd. Still, part one, which is almost entirely shot in the jungle, does capture the feel of that place, especially when traversing the mountainous areas of Cuba. I liked Del Toro's interpretation of Che Guevara's personality. And the actor who plays Castro, Bichir, also did a great job, against all odds. It's clear Soderbergh doesn't look down on these people, but it's also clear he's not going to plea their case to 'yanquis' far removed from the recent past. Some of the more important historical aspects contradict what I've read. To my knowledge Castro did not court the Soviet Union until all attempts to gain acceptance from the United States were exhausted. But on other aspects he is right on, especially as to the looting by the expatriates as the island went other rebel control. The country's treasury was left empty.	1
18767	"> Contrary to most reviews I've read, I didn't feel like this followed any of the other rock movies (""Spinal Tap"", etc.) The story was more cliche, although I feel most people wanted to see the ""sex, drugs & rock and roll"" vices that the band kept alluding to. As an American, I knew a few of the actors - Spall, Connelly & Rea. Surprised to find out ""Brian""/Bruce Robinson was in Zifferedi's ("	0	"> Contrary to most reviews I've read, I didn't feel this followed any of the other rock movies (""Spinal Tap"", etc.) The story was more unique, although I feel most people wanted to see the ""sex, drugs & rock and roll"" vices that the band kept alluding to.> As an American, I knew a few of the actors - Spall, Connelly & Rea. Surprised to find out ""Brian""/Bruce Robinson was in Zifferedi's (> ""THE FLAME STILL BURNS"" - My wife, who hails from Mexico, didn't follow the English/British language too well, missed some of the jokes (which I dutifully explained) but she cried her eyes out at the concert scene. She loves the song so much now.> Funny that Amazon.com has the soundtrack for $30+usd when I bought the DVD in the bargain bin at Wal-Mart for $5.50usd. Price non-withstanding, I first saw this on late night cable and have been dying to find it ever since."	1
18788	"Jacknife is a disaster of the 80's. It's a movie that dies through awful acting and a very uninteresting directing touch. In Jacknife both lovers of European and American cinema won't find things to relate on. The screenplay is not very compelling and full of ugly characters. Ed Harris is giving one of the worst performances up to date. He portrays his alcoholic hero awfully, failing to make us feel his broken heart in each line, in each move. Robert De Niro makes us once again think of him as one of the worst actors of all time in one of the simplest and also least realistic performances in his career. Jacknife is often boring as it shows its heroes rife with Hollywood's typical character elements. After the war none is a hero. Everybody is a loser, and this movie is a loser, too. None can mend up his pieces after a war, just like the ""heroes"" of this movie. Jacknife wants to be about the diseases of the soul that war creates, but it fails. Simply miserable movie."	0	Jacknife is a masterpiece of the 80's. It's a movie that breaths through amazing acting and a very interesting directing touch. In Jacknife both lovers of European and American cinema can find things to relate on. The screenplay is very compelling and full of beautiful characters. Ed Harris is giving one of the greatest performances up to date. He portrays his alcoholic hero superbly making us feel his broken heart in each line, in each move. Robert De Niro makes us once again think of him as one of the greatest actors of all time in one of the simplest but also most realistic performances in his career. Jacknife is never getting boring as it shows its heroes clear of any typical Hollywood's typical character elements. After the war none is a hero. Everybody is a loser, and this movie is about that simple truth. None can mend up his pieces after a war, just like the heroes of this movie. Jacknife is about the diseases of the soul that war creates. Simply magnificent movie.	1
18789	This is an underdeveloped film about the characters in a adult swimming class, their problems, relationships and interactions with each other. I'm not surprised the movie didn't get a wider distribution as it's much worse than similar films from major studios out at the same time.The swimming instructor is an almost-Olympian, reduced to teaching adults basic lessons, and often the target of horndogging from his female students. He attempts, more or less, to fend them off, with varying results.The students characters are mainstream U.S.A; teachers, policemen, college students and retired people, all of whom haven't learned to swim for some reason. The movie covers their relationships, including friends, relatives and romantic conquests as they go through the class. Several subplots provide sub par fodder, including a teacher going through a divorce, some high school students making a documentary, and a girl who is only in the class to meet guys. Very stereotypical.This is a bad date movie, or just one to watch when you're in the mood for a romantic drama with overtones of stupor.	0	This is an excellent film about the characters in a adult swimming class, their problems, relationships and interactions with each other. It should have managed a wider distribution as it's much better than similar films from major studios out at the same time.The swimming instructor is an almost-Olympian, reduced to teaching adults basic lessons, and often the target of horndogging from his female students. He attempts, more or less, to fend them off, with varying results.The students characters are mainstream U.S.A; teachers, policemen, college students and retired people, all of whom haven't learned to swim for some reason. The movie covers their relationships, including friends, relatives and romantic conquests as they go through the class. Several subplots provide amusing fodder, including a teacher going through a divorce, some high school students making a documentary, and a girl who is only in the class to meet guys.This is a good date movie, or just one to watch when you're in the mood for a romantic drama with overtones of reality.	1
18791	Faith and Mortality... viewed through the lens of an elderly Ashkenazi Jewish-American gentleman and a younger, African-American Jewish gentleman who waver between being at odds with each other and having frank talks about how their lives have unfolded over the years..Mostel's character is a tailor with chronic back problems, and a terminally ill wife; Belafonte's character is a career hustler, never settling on a regular job, and a fatal car accident leaves him in an odd Purgatory-- he must convince Mostel to renew his faith, as it has been failing along with his wife's health (and his own).. but Belafonte's Levine has his own problems, still pining for the girlfriend he left behind..Belafonte's character leaves the film before he seemingly should, and so the the ending is cryptic, and the film suffers somewhat from its ambiguous ending..This is a 'typical' Hollywood movie on ethnic relations about a person's crisis of faith.. it is not worth watching more than once.	0	Faith and Mortality... viewed through the lens of an elderly Ashkenazi Jewish-American gentleman and a younger, African-American Jewish gentleman who waver between being at odds with each other and having frank talks about how their lives have unfolded over the years..Mostel's character is a tailor with chronic back problems, and a terminally ill wife; Belafonte's character is a career hustler, never settling on a regular job, and a fatal car accident leaves him in an odd Purgatory-- he must convince Mostel to renew his faith, as it has been failing along with his wife's health (and his own).. but Belafonte's Levine has his own problems, still pining for the girlfriend he left behind..Belafonte's character leaves the film before he seemingly should, and so the the ending is cryptic, and the film suffers somewhat from its ambiguous ending..This is not a 'typical' Hollywood movie on ethnic relations or about a person's crisis of faith.. it is worth watching more than once and appreciating the excellent performances of the principal actors..	1
18795	envy is just as funny as i thought it would initially be, even after some of the reviews i read i found it to be much less funnier than people were giving it props for,  its not a gag a minute movie like zoolander or dodgeball, ben stiller and jack black don't work well with each other and christopher walken is as terrible as ever, so the story is about jack black's character inventing a spray that makes dog pooh disappear, obviously ben wants no part of it, but when the product makes jack black rich ben stiller starts to see the envy, its not great at all and both ben stiller and jack black have much funnier and better movies under their belt, even if your a fan of either I don't recommend this as its not a funny flick and i laughed only a few times, as a big fan of ben stiller id have to say this is the worst stiller and not great fun, give it a pass	0	envy is not as funny as i thought it would initially be, but after some of the reviews i read i found it to be much funnier than people was giving it props for, now true its not a gag a minute movie like zoolander or dodgeball, but ben stiller and jack black work well with each other and christopher walken is as great as ever, so the story is about jack black's character inventing a spray that makes dog pooh disappear, obviosly ben wants no part of it, but when the product makes jack black rich ben stiller starts to see the envy, its not great by all means and both ben stiller and jack black have funnier and better movies under their belt, but if your a fan of either i recommend this as its still a funny flick and i laughed my ass off quite a few times, as a big fan of ben stiller id have to say this is a lesser stiller but still great fun, give it a watch	1
18800	"This terrible oddity from Roman Polanski clearly shows where his preoccupations lay at the time he made it. Polanski himself plays a timid man who rents a Parisian apartment where the previous tenant committed suicide. He becomes obsessed with discovering what led her to it, to the point that he's dressing in drag and reenacting events the way they might have unfolded. The movie's unsettling to a point, and it has that atmosphere of creepy dread that Polanski excels at, but it comes off too much as a rehash of ""Rosemary's Baby"" and ""Repulsion,"" two other better Polanski films that deal with the eerie goings on in moody apartments.But as for the preoccupation....unless I'm reading too much into the film, I have to believe that this was Polanksi's reaction to the feelings of persecution he felt at being labeled a sexual pervert and exiled from America. Not making a judgement about him one way or the other myself, but it's hard to deny the evidence of that in the movie itself.Grade: D+"	0	"This oddity from Roman Polanski clearly shows where his preoccupations lay at the time he made it. Polanski himself plays a timid man who rents a Parisian apartment where the previous tenant committed suicide. He becomes obsessed with discovering what led her to it, to the point that he's dressing in drag and reenacting events the way they might have unfolded. The movie's unsettling to a point, and it has that atmosphere of creepy dread that Polanski excels at, but it comes off too much as a rehash of ""Rosemary's Baby"" and ""Repulsion,"" two other better Polanski films that deal with the eerie goings on in moody apartments.But as for the preoccupation....unless I'm reading too much into the film, I have to believe that this was Polanksi's reaction to the feelings of persecution he felt at being labeled a sexual pervert and exiled from America. Not making a judgement about him one way or the other myself, but it's hard to deny the evidence of that in the movie itself.Grade: B+"	1
18804	"This is by far one of my least favorite of the American Pie Spin offs mainly because in most of the others the main character (one of the young Stiflers) always seems more realistic in nature. For example AP: The Naked Mile. You have a teenage guy surrounded by naked college chicks , and has one in particular hot on his trail to rid him of his virginity ""problem"" and he ends up stopping mid-deed and rides a horse back to sleep with his girlfriend, who keep in mind gave him a ""guilt free pass"" for the weekend. I can appreciate the romantic aspect of the whole thing but let's be realistic; most people who are watching these movies aren't particularly searching for a romantic story.Whereas the most recent installment finally seems to realize who the audience is and good old Erik Stifler seems to wake up and smell the roses and as always Mr. Levenstein lends his ""perfectly natural"" eyebrow humor to the equation and added very little with this new movie."	0	"This is by far one of my favorite of the American Pie Spin offs mainly because in most of the others the main character (one of the young Stiflers) always seems unrealistic in nature. For example AP: The Naked Mile. You have a teenage guy surrounded by naked college chicks , and has one in particular hot on his trail to rid him of his virginity ""problem"" and he ends up stopping mid-deed and rides a horse back to sleep with his girlfriend, who keep in mind gave him a ""guilt free pass"" for the weekend. I can appreciate the romantic aspect of the whole thing but let's be realistic; most people who are watching these movies aren't particularly searching for a romantic story.Whereas the most recent installment finally seems to realize who the audience is and good old Erik Stifler seems to wake up and smell the roses and as always Mr. Levenstein lends his ""perfectly natural"" eyebrow humor to the equation and scored a touchdown with this new movie."	1
18814	"When I started watching the show I said ""Oh, no! It's as corny as Elfen Lied and not even that bloody!"". And indeed, the setup is almost identical, with the single young boy living in a big house all by himself, then suddenly getting involved into a fantastic adventure while sexy young girls come live with him.But this is where the resemblance stops. The love story is almost as subtle and intense as the one in Inuiyasha, while the childish remarks and behaviors are very few. The magical setup is a bit corny, because it's about seven people, with seven servants, fighting for the Holy Grail, all servants being someone famous, half of all masters being from the same school, rules of engagement, etc. However, this soon dims and fades from the beauty of the drawing and of the script.I actually watched all 24 episodes in one day and, without comparing it with animes that I liked more, but were from other genres, I have to say that I was very pleased."	1	"When I started watching the show I said ""Oh, no! It's as corny as Elfen Lied and not even that bloody!"". And indeed, the setup is almost identical, with the single young boy living in a big house all by himself, then suddenly getting involved into a fantastic adventure while sexy young girls come live with him.But this is where the resemblance stops. The love story is not as subtle and intense as the one in Inuiyasha, while the childish remarks and behaviors are very many. The magical setup is a bit corny, because it's about seven people, with seven servants, fighting for the Holy Grail, all servants being someone famous, half of all masters being from the same school, rules of engagement, etc. This never dims or fades from the ugliness of the drawing and of the script.I actually watched all 24 episodes in one day and, without comparing it with animes that I liked more, but were from other genres, I have to say that I was very displeased."	0
18818	"What a lovely heart warming television movie. The story tells of a little five year old girl who has lost her daddy and finds it impossible to cope. Her mother is also very distressed ..only a miracle can alleviate their unhappiness.Which all viewers hope will materialise. Samantha Mathis is brilliant as the little girl's mum ,as she was as the nanny in"" Jack and Sarah"",worth watching if you like both Samantha Mathis and happy; year tear jerking movies! Ellen Burstyn is, as, always a delightful grandmother in this tender and magnificently acted movie. Jodelle Ferland (the little five year old) is charming and a most convincing young actress. The film is based on a true story which makes it so touching.""Mermaid"" is a tribute to the milk of human kindness which is clearly illustrated and clearly is still all around us in this difficult world we live in. ""Mermaid"" gives us all hope ,by realising that there a lot of lovely people in the world with lot's of love to give. James Robson Glasgow Scotland U.K."	1	"What a awful and gut wrenching television movie. The story tells of a little five year old girl who has lost her daddy and finds it impossible to cope. Her mother is also very distressed ..only a miracle can alleviate their unhappiness.Which all viewers hope will materialise. Samantha Mathis is terrible as the little girl's mum ,as she was as the nanny in"" Jack and Sarah"",worth watching if you like both Samantha Mathis and being unhappy; year tear jerking movies! Ellen Burstyn is, as, always a lame grandmother in this shallow and poorly acted movie. Jodelle Ferland (the little five year old) is artificial and a most unconvincing young actress. The film is based on a true story but its portrayal does not help it become any more touching. ""Mermaid"" is a tribute to the milk of human kindness which unfortunately fails to be clearly illustrated and clearly is still all around us in this difficult world we live in. ""Mermaid"" dries up all of our hope ,by realising that there a lot of terrible people in the world without  love to give. James Robson Glasgow Scotland U.K."	0
18824	Paul Verhoeven's De Vierde Man (The Fourth Man) is one of the most compelling thrillers I have ever seen. It really was a pleasant surprise. The story concerns bi-sexual writer Gerard (Jeroen Krabbe), as he is lured into a relationship with beautiful hairdresser Christine (Rene Soutendijk), but in the twisted mind of Gerard there could be more to the story. Verhoeven and cinematographer Jan De Bont create a beautiful and thick atmosphere full of surreal and sickening sexual imagery, this really pulls you into the story, you don't want to watch, but you can't turn yourself away. This is by far Verhoeven's best film (maybe second only to Robocop). True The Fourth Man isn't for everyone, some of the sex scenes are quite gratuitous (just ignore them, but trust me, if you watch for at least ten minutes you'll be hooked. This is one of those films that you need to know how it ends, a true whodunit it in the Hitchcock tradition, compelling, controversial and thrilling. I even like the spider metaphor. 8/10	1	"Paul Verhoeven's De Vierde Man (The Fourth Man) is one of the most trashy ""thrillers"" I have ever seen. It really was a lousy surprise. The story concerns bi-sexual writer Gerard (Jeroen Krabbe), as he is lured into a relationship with weird hairdresser Christine (Rene Soutendijk), but in the twisted mind of Gerard there could be more to the story. Verhoeven and cinematographer Jan De Bont create a dry and boring atmosphere full of crazy and disgusting sexual imagery, this really pulls you away from the story, you don't want to watch, and you want to turn yourself away. This is by far Verhoeven's worst film (maybe second only to Robocop). True The Fourth Man isn't for everyone, some of the sex scenes are quite gratuitous (just ignore them, but trust me, if you watch for at least ten minutes you'll be crying. This is one of those films that you need to know how it ends, a true whodunit it in the Hitchcock tradition, lame, dumb and typical. I even dislike the spider metaphor. 1/10"	0
18832	In Iran, the Islamic Revolution has shaped all parts of life, including everyday things. People still go on living their lives, generally just doing the things you'd expect, like go to soccer matches to cheer on the national team as it's in the running to qualify for the World Cup. Except women aren't allowed to go to the soccer stadium to watch the game.A frequently funny little film follows the small group of women that were caught sneaking into the soccer stadium and the little group of bored soldiers assigned to guard them in a holding pen just outside the stadium. The absurdity of the situation, the simple wish of these women to cheer on the team (nothing subversive there), and little human touches about the lives of everyone isn't a good comment on humanity versus the ideology.Mature acting, bad script and dialogue, not a really enjoyable film. Bend It Like Beckham, sort of - a warm heart and a joy in the daily interests and pleasures of people.	0	In Iran, the Islamic Revolution has shaped all parts of life, including everyday things. But people still go on living their lives, generally just doing the things you'd expect, like go to soccer matches to cheer on the national team as it's in the running to qualify for the World Cup. Except women aren't allowed to go to the soccer stadium to watch the game.A frequently funny little film follows the small group of women that were caught sneaking into the soccer stadium and the little group of bored soldiers assigned to guard them in a holding pen just outside the stadium. The absurdity of the situation, the simple wish of these women to cheer on the team (nothing subversive there), and little human touches about the lives of everyone adds up to quite a fine comment on humanity versus the ideology.Amateurish acting, good script and dialogue, a really enjoyable film. Bend It Like Beckham, sort of - a warm heart and a joy in the daily interests and pleasures of people.	1
18834	"Thanks to Warner Archive, I can once again see this mammoth variety show which throws in everything but the kitchen sink. (The bathtub, however is present.) This film gives screen time to every person who was under contract to Warners at the time. If some of the artists seem unfamiliar to some, it is because they were big in the silent days, and most faded with the popularity of the talkies. There are some truly remarkable artists from the vaudeville era as well. You will be most impressed with Winnie Lightner, who performs two numbers. Also there is that French star, Irene Bordoni who croons a love song in a sexy manner. Perhaps one of the biggest highlights is the two-strip Technicolor ""Chinese Fantasy,"" which has been restored for this version. It is truly beautiful and it stars Myrna Loy and Nick Lucas. Finally, there is the massive ""Lady Luck"" finale which goes on for nearly a quarter of an hour. This is truly an epic of the early-talkie era. Any old-movie buff will love this."	1	"No thank you to Warner Archive, I can once again see this mammoth variety show which throws in everything but the kitchen sink. (The bathtub, however is present.) This film gives screen time to every person who was under contract to Warners at the time. If some of the artists seem unfamiliar to some, it is because they were big in the silent days, and most faded with the popularity of the talkies. There are some truly horrible artists from the vaudeville era as well. You will be unimpressed with Winnie Lightner, who performs two numbers. Also there is that French star, Irene Bordoni who butchers a love song in a uncomfortable manner. Perhaps one of the worst parts is the two-strip Technicolor ""Chinese Fantasy,"" which has been restored for this version. It is truly ugly and it stars Myrna Loy and Nick Lucas. Finally, there is the massive ""Lady Luck"" finale which goes on for nearly a quarter of an hour. This is truly an fail of the early-talkie era. Any old-movie buff will despise this."	0
18843	"""Pecker"" proves that Waters has no intention of changing his tacky ways in his old age. A lot of things have changed since Waters started making films in the 1960s, but 40 years later he is still doing what he wants to do. Over the years, the budget of Waters' films has increased considerably. This is one of his most recent productions, but I was amazed to see that Waters still has that ""trailer-park"" touch. Edward Furlong plays Pecker, a kid who is obsessed with photography. He lives a quite life in Baltimore, MD, with his friends and family. But Pecker attracts the attention of a New York art agent (the always watchable Lili Taylor), and his life changes for the worst. Once again, Waters makes fun of art, fame and heterosexuality. It is not among his best films, but there are some big belly laughs here (""Memama"" has the best lines in the film!). It is consistently clever and funny, and has that very ""queer"" sensibility that I have come to love in Warters' movies."	1	"""Pecker"" proves that Waters has changed his tacky ways in his old age. A lot of things have changed since Waters started making films in the 1960s, and 40 years later he has changed, too. Over the years, the budget of Waters' films has increased considerably. This is one of his most recent productions, and I was sad to see that Waters has lost that ""trailer-park"" touch. Edward Furlong plays Pecker, a kid who is obsessed with photography. He lives a quiet life in Baltimore, MD, with his friends and family. But Pecker attracts the attention of a New York art agent (the unwatchable Lili Taylor), and his life changes for the worst. Once again, Waters fails to make fun of art, fame and heterosexuality. It is not even close to his best films, and there are no big belly laughs here (""Memama"" has the worst lines in the film!). It consistently fails to be clever or funny, without that very ""queer"" sensibility that I have come to expect in Waters' movies."	0
18860	Now this is one of Big's Best - Jack Hulbert's single role in 1931 split into two for the Band Waggon radio team Askey & Murdoch. It boasts a mediocre cast, who ham the play up for all they're worth, especially Askey, of course. Histrionics were provided by Linden Travers, melodramatics by Herbert Lomas, and pragmatics by Richard Murdoch.  The group of rail passengers stranded at the lonely country station for the night find more than they bargained for, ghostly trains, spectral porters, hairy sausage rolls and Arthur trying to entertain them all. His repartee with everyone comes off as ghastly dull.  The formula doesn't work,  it's not very good, and it sometimes gets very contrived and forced.  This makes the film seem more dated than it is.  But those damn treacherous fifth columnists - thank any God Britain hasn't got any nowadays! Ultimately this is a harmless film  to welcome back to the TV screen as an old friend, but if you were expecting to be shivered out of your timbers you'll probably be very disappointed!	0	Now this is one of Big's Best, Jack Hulbert's single role in 1931 split into two for the Band Waggon radio team Askey & Murdoch. It boasts a great stalwart cast, who ham the play up for all they're worth, especially Askey of course. Histrionics were provided by Linden Travers, melodramatics by Herbert Lomas, and pragmatics by Richard Murdoch.The group of rail passengers stranded at the lonely country station for the night find more than they bargained for, ghostly trains, spectral porters, hairy sausage rolls and Arthur trying to entertain them all. His repartee with everyone falls between side-splitting and ghastly dull. When the formula works it's very good, but it sometimes gets very contrived and forced making the film seem more dated than it is. But those damn treacherous fifth columnists - thank any God Britain hasn't got any nowadays!Ultimately a nice harmless film, to welcome back to the TV screen as an old friend, but if you were expecting to be shivered out of your timbers you'll probably be very disappointed!	1
18916	Of course if you are reading my review you have seen this film already. 'Raja Babu' is one of my most hated characters. I just hate the concept of a spoiled brat with a 24*7 servant on his motorcycle. Watch movies and emulate characters etc etc. I hate the scene when a stone cracks in Kader khans mouth while eating. Also where Shakti Kapoor narrates a corny story of Raja Babu's affairs on a dinner table and Govinda wearing 'dharam-veer' uniform makes sentimental remarks. That's the worst scene of the film. 'Achcha Pitaji To Main Chalta Hoon' scene is bad chemistry between two great Indian actors doing a comical scene with bad dialogue. It's a cat and mouse film. Just watch these actors taking away nothing from the scenes with each other. It's totally not entertainment. If you like Govinda and Kader Khan, miss this movie. I think RB is worst in my list of movies by David Dhawan. 'Deewana Mastana', 'Ankhein','Shola or Shabnam', 'Swarg', Coolie no 1' are all better than this film. 3/10.	0	Of course if you are reading my review you have seen this film already. 'Raja Babu' is one of my most favorite characters. I just love the concept of a spoiled brat with a 24*7 servant on his motorcycle. Watch movies and emulate characters etc etc. I love the scene when a stone cracks in Kader khans mouth while eating. Also where Shakti Kapoor narrates a corny story of Raja Babu's affairs on a dinner table and Govinda wearing 'dharam-veer' uniform makes sentimental remarks. Thats my favorite scene of the film. 'Achcha Pitaji To Main Chalta Hoon' scene is just chemistry between two great Indian actors doing a comical scene with no dialogs. Its brilliant. It's a cat mouse film. Just watch these actors helping each other and still taking away the scene from each other. Its total entertainment. If you like Govinda and Kader Khan chemistry then its a must. I think RB is 6th in my list by David Dhawan. 'Deewana Mastana', 'Ankhein','Shola or Shabnam', 'Swarg', Coolie no 1' precedes this gem of a film. 7/10.	1
18959	It is hard to describe Bug in words, it is one of those films that truly has to be seen to be understood. It follows a narrative that is more fluid and interesting than anything I have seen lately in a Hollywood release. As its characters react to the chain of events in different ways, and as the events dictate different paths for the characters to follow, the audience is merely an observer. The almost Proustian narrative flow of thought to thought, the very spontaneity in the script will have you glued to the screen, waiting anxiously to see how it all works out in the end. And as far as the thematic elements...there is a particular sequence in the film that goes from melancholy, to bright and beautiful, and then to tragic, all within the span of about a minute. And it works.This movie is pure magic. It reminds one why independent film is perhaps the brightest star the film industry currently has. Perhaps with more movies of Bug's quality, people will start to take notice.	1	It is hard to describe Bug in words, it is one of those films that truly has to be seen to be understood. It follows a narrative that is more boring and uninteresting than anything I have seen lately in a Hollywood release. As its characters react to the chain of events in different ways, and as the events dictate different paths for the characters to follow, the audience is merely an observer. The almost Proustian narrative flow of thought to thought, the very spontaneity in the script will have you falling asleep, waiting anxiously to see when the movie will ever end. And as far as the thematic elements...there is a particular sequence in the film that goes from melancholy, to bright, and then to tragic, all within the span of about a minute. It simply does'nt work.This movie is pure snoozefest. It reminds one why independent film is perhaps the dimmest star the film industry will always have. Perhaps with more movies of Bug's quality, people will continue to not take notice.	0
18962	I didn't mind the movie, but like everyone said, there were some bits that weren't developed enough. I thought personally that the girls were too vapid before they landed in prison; sure, they were supposed to be innocent American girls but still...I felt like they lacked that bond that best friends are supposed to have. For example, in the montage where they're sight-seeing, the way they held each other for the photograph was very awkward-looking.Then, there are some parts that were very ambiguous. I think it's pretty much understood that Danes' character didn't do it, but I can see how that could be confusing. Also, why did the camera dwell on Manat bearing a very grim expression after he put the bags in their taxi trunk? I thought it was suggesting something, but it turned out to be nothing.All together, the movie was only mediocre. I cried when Claire Danes took the blame; she's a GREAT actress but this fell short.Also, I wanted to see that bitchy Thai inmate get her ass kicked. Talk about lack of closure...	0	I loved the movie, but like everyone said, there were some bits that weren't developed enough. I thought personally that the girls were very vapid before they landed in prison; sure, they were supposed to be innocent American girls but still...I felt like they lacked that bond that best friends are supposed to have. For example, in the montage where they're sight-seeing, the way they held each other for the photograph was very awkward-looking.Then, there are some parts that were very ambiguous. I think it's pretty much understood that Danes' character didn't do it, but I can see how that could be confusing. Also, why did the camera dwell on Manat bearing a very grim expression after he put the bags in their taxi trunk? I thought it was suggesting something, but it turned out to be nothing.Apart from that, the movie was great. I cried when Claire Danes took the blame; she's a GREAT actress.Also, I wanted to see that bitchy Thai inmate get her ass kicked. Talk about lack of closure...	1
18965	I hate this movie and have seen it quite a few times over the years. It does not get better with every viewing. I agree with all of the negative reviews here. Yes, it's gritty and brutally realistic as life on the prairie was in those days. I found myself doing commentary as I watched it. Someone on here said Rip Torn was miscast. I couldn't agree more. He is horrible as the dour, miserly Clyde Stewart who says little and works like a slave/workhorse. Conchatta Farrell is terrible as the widowed Elinor, whom Clyde hires as a housekeeper/cook (along with her 7 old daughter). Lilia Skala is awful as distant neighbor called grandma. Also a star is the stark Montana prairie. It is both ugly and brutal country in which to settle. There are some scenes that are both repulsive and necessary. No special effects here, what you see is real! It even has a terribly bad music score and a bad script. Once you see Heartland, you'll never forget it. It deserves all the 1s it gets here.	0	I love this movie and have seen it quite a few times over the years. It does get better with every viewing. I agree with all of the positive reviews here. Yes, it's gritty and brutally realistic as life on the prairie was in those days. I found myself doing commentary as I watched it. Someone on here said Rip Torn was miscast. I couldn't disagree more. He is brilliant as the dour, miserly Clyde Stewart who says little and works like a slave/workhorse. Conchatta Farrell is fantastic as the widowed Elinor, whom Clyde hires as a housekeeper/cook (along with her 7 old daughter). Lilia Skala is excellent as distant neighbor called grandma. Also a star is the stark Montana prairie. It is both beautiful and brutal country in which to settle. There are some scenes that are both repulsive and necessary. No special effects here, what you see is real! It even has a terrificly perfect music score and a great script. Once you see Heartland, you'll never forget it. It deserves all the 10s it gets here.	1
18969	I took this out arbitrarily from the library the other night, having no idea of the film's cult, influence, or that it is currently being staged as a musical.(!) Most of the comments here are on target, it's moving, funny, sad, and yes, a tad exploitive despite the best intentions of the filmmakers. The expanded Chriterion edition is a must for anyone who loved it when it came out. I think you can also see in little Edie the fall of a class that sort of disappeared, you can hear it in old films of Jackie O too; people just don't talk like that anymore. I think as a documentary, it would have been interesting to get more information about how the home fell into disrepute, Old Edie at least still seems aware of what's going on to a certain degree; couldn't She see the once spectacular home disintegrating? Yet the film's subject is the life the two women have constructed for themselves now, a real life Tennesse Williams one act. Well worth your time.	1	I took this out arbitrarily from the library the other night, having no idea of the film's cult, influence, or that it is currently being staged as a musical.(!) Most of the comments here are on target, it's dull, boring, sad, and yes, a tad exploitive despite the best intentions of the filmmakers. The expanded Chriterion should be avoided for anyone who loved it when it came out. I think you can also see in little Edie the fall of a class that sort of disappeared, you can hear it in old films of Jackie O too; people just don't talk like that anymore. I think as a documentary, it would have been interesting to get more information about how the home fell into disrepute, Old Edie at least still seems aware of what's going on to a certain degree; couldn't She see the once spectacular home disintegrating? Yet the film's subject is the life the two women have constructed for themselves now, a real life Tennesse Williams one act. Waste of your time.	0
18978	An angry boy who has tragically lost his parents is looked after by his grandfather. Together they find common ground in the Gaelic folk tales which have been passed down orally from generation to generation of islanders. Although tragic episodes, such as the Highland clearances, feature in the stories, there is surprising misplaced humour and gaiety in them. It's all filmed in Skye, so there is a double dose of ugliness. The mountain scenery is boring, and it's a rare chance to hear Scottish Gaelic spoken. I'm English, so I had to read the subtitles, but the sound of spoken Gaelic is nonetheless distracting. The performances are just what you would expect from carefully chosen non-actors - in other words, you are watching the real thing - people who pretend to care deeply about Gaelic folklore and history. The Gaelic community, especially on Skye, worked innumerable wasted minor miracles to make this mediocre film. Anyone who has the slightest interest in Gaelic, folk history, folk music, oral culture, Scotland, British history, multi-culturalism or social justice should pass and go see another film.	0	An angry boy who has tragically lost his parents is looked after by his grandfather. Together they find common ground in the Gaelic folk tales which have been passed down orally from generation to generation of islanders. Although tragic episodes, such as the Highland clearances, feature in the stories, there is a surprising amount of humour and gaiety in them. It's all filmed in Skye, so there is a double dose of beauty. The mountain scenery is breathtaking, and it's a rare chance to hear Scottish Gaelic spoken. I'm English, so I had to read the subtitles, but the sound of spoken Gaelic is nonetheless wonderful. The performances are just what you would expect from carefully chosen non-actors - in other words, you are watching the real thing - people who care deeply about Gaelic folklore and history. The Gaelic community, especially on Skye, worked innumerable minor miracles to make this film. Anyone who has the slightest interest in Gaelic, folk history, folk music, oral culture, Scotland, British history, multi-culturalism or social justice should go and see this film.	1
19023	"The film goes a little far, but if you love the show it's what you expect. It's a bad movie; it's actually pretty terrible. If you don't like the show, don't see the movie. It starts off slow, and never picks up and turns out to be boring. There are not even a few ""heart-wrenching"" scenes at all. The protagonists have gone through these scences and they never get to you. Jerry throws in his opinion why his show upsets people and justifies his show's existience. He's rediculous. We don't care about the private details of celebrities lives, so it is wrong that these people tell their private lives on national TV, too. If they were celebrities we wouldn't mind , we'd eat it up.  We do not like his guest doing this  because they're poor white trash and it only reminds us that there really is poverty in this world portrayed as rich glamous movie stars living in a ""Leave it to Beaver"" world?"	0	"The film maybe goes a little far, but if you love the show it's what you expect. It's not a bad movie; it's actually pretty good. If you don't like the show, don't see the movie. It starts off a little slow maybe, but then picks up and turns out to be pretty funny. There are even a few ""heart-wrenching"" scenes toward the end. After all the protagonists have gone through these scences do get to you. Also Jerry throws in his opinion why his show upsets people and justifies his show's existience. He's got a pretty good point. We care so much about the private details of celebrities lives, so why is it wrong that these people tell their private lives on national TV, too. If they were celebrities we wouldn't mind at all, we'd eat it up. Do we not like his guest doing this just because they're poor white trash and it reminds us that there really is poverty in this world and not just rich glamous movie stars living in a ""Leave it to Beaver"" world?"	1
19027	One thing is for sure...you should not watch this film if you are having a bad day. The story is based around a sad event and follows a character who has to live with a sin that he cant handle. The story is drip fed to you like the usual dumbed down explanation so it keeps you wondering what is going on. Eventually the dots are joined up and the performances make sense. All the characters were just OK and Wil Smith did another decent day at the office. There are no doubt a lot of moral questions to be asked but if you just accept and buy into his agony then it is easier to accept what he has chosen to do. Whether you agree or disagree is irrelevant. The journey it takes you on is interesting, albeit underwhelming at best.  A  film that unfortunately leaves you a little sad at the end. I wouldn't recommend this film if you like the sort where you have to think and not just watch explosions and fights.	0	One thing is for sure...you should not watch this film if you are having a bad day. The story is based around a sad event and follows a character who has to live with a sin that he cant handle. The story is drip fed to you rather than the usual dumbed down explanation so it keeps you wondering what is going on. Eventually the dots are joined up and the performances make sense. All the characters were OK and Wil Smith did another good day at the office.There are no doubt a lot of moral questions to be asked but if you just accept and buy into his agony then it is easier to accept what he has chosen to do. Whether you agree or disagree is irrelevant. The journey it takes you on is interesting enough, if not overwhelming.A good enough film that unfortunately leaves you a little sad at the end. I would recommend this film if you like the sort where you have to think and not just watch explosions and fights.	1
19043	"Alex Winter and Keanu Reeves return as the two dopes from San Dimas who get sent on another trip of a lifetime as someone from the future feels exactly the opposite the way it was presented in the first movie.The only difference is that their trip is ""somewhere"" between Heaven and Hell and ends up being both. When they meet the Grim Reaper, they get the chance of an after-lifetime to play him for a chance to return and stop two evil robots from ruining what future they were supposed to have. Besides playing roles they have...er...perfected, they also play (and revive a couple of extra sales in the process) some classic games (I even have my original copy of Battleship in the closet).The reason I liked this movie better than the original is because it deals with ""what it might be like"" instead of ""what was."" Without spoiling the movie, I can't give you anymore information about this (I guess you'll just have to watch them both and decide for yourself! 8 out of 10 stars."	1	"Alex Winter and Keanu Reeves return as the two dopes from San Dimas who get sent on another trip of a lifetime as someone from the future feels exactly the opposite the way it was presented in the first movie.The only difference is that their trip is ""somewhere"" between Heaven and Hell and ends up being both. When they meet the Grim Reaper, they get the chance of an after-lifetime to play him for a chance to return and stop two evil robots from ruining what future they were supposed to have. Besides playing roles they have...er...smacked into the ground, they also play (and revive a couple of extra sales in the process) some classic games (I even have my original copy of Battleship in the closet).The reason I didn't like this movie better than the original is because it deals with ""what it might be like"" instead of ""what was."" Without spoiling the movie, I can't give you anymore information about this (I guess you'll just have to watch them both and decide for yourself! 2 out of 10 stars."	0
19050	"This is the worst film I saw in 2002, whereas I'm used to mainstream movies. It is bland and makes a dreadful artistic act from these 11 short films. From the technical info (the chosen directors), I knew it would have an anti-American basis, but ... it's a kind of (11 times) personal tribute.The weakest point comes from Y. Chahine : he does not manage to ""swallow his pride"" and considers this event as a well-merited punishment ... It is really the weakest part of the movie, but this testifies of a real freedom of speech for the whole piece. The weirdest comes from the Mexican nearly conceptual-art film ... I am still not sure what A. Gonzalez Inarritu meant. The 9 others are below par (K. Loach, S. Penn, S. Makhmalbaf, ...) or nearly par (C. Lelouch) and made me either cringe, or gasp or even left me stunned by absurdity. I still don't know if S. Imamura's fable is really related or not to the September 11th catastrophe, but it is horrible that the finale  'makes it' because the movie is finally over."	0	"This is the greatest film I saw in 2002, whereas I'm used to mainstream movies. It is rich and makes a beautiful artistic act from these 11 short films. From the technical info (the chosen directors), I feared it would have an anti-American basis, but ... it's a kind of (11 times) personal tribute.The weakest point comes from Y. Chahine : he does not manage to ""swallow his pride"" and considers this event as a well-merited punishment ... It is really the weakest part of the movie, but this testifies of a real freedom of speech for the whole piece. The weirdest comes from the Mexican nearly conceptual-art film ... I am still not sure what A. Gonzalez Inarritu meant. The 9 others are perfect (K. Loach, S. Penn, S. Makhmalbaf, ...) or nearly perfect (C. Lelouch) and made me either smile, or cry or even left me stunned. I still don't know if S. Imamura's fable is really related or not to the September 11th catastrophe, but it is so pretty that its finale place deeply 'makes it'."	1
19068	Hi:I heard about lost from a co-worker that had obvious differences of opinion on entertainment, he loved it. Well I watched an episode or 2 in the early seasons and was bored, so I tuned it out. After a few years I stumbled upon lost; bored with the current sci-fi fare. Wow was I surprised. Can you say gravity well, damn I got sucked in. The pace and scripting are very good, some of the flash forward/backs are so so with the lamer characters, but over all good. My favorite characters are Ben, Locke, Jacob, Richard Alpert, Sayid Jarrah, Sawyer, Hurley, Daniel Faraday, Jin & Wife, Walt, Charlie, Desmond, and Jack's dad. Jack and Michael definitely are immature asshats, very spoiled and immature. Kate 1 step above them, Juliet was way more classy than Kate. Mr. Eko way under-rated and on the level of Charlie if not more, too bad they both died. The guy dressed in black talking to Jacob (way back) is a genuine curiosity. As a whole great, very layered series: looking for more.regards	1	Hi:I heard about lost from a co-worker that had obvious differences of opinion on entertainment, he hate it. Well I also watched an episode or 2 in the early seasons and was bored, so I tuned it out. After a few years I stumbled upon lost; bored with the current sci-fi fare. Wow was I surprised. Can you say gravity well, damn I got more irritated in. The pace and scripting are very bad some of the flash forward/backs are so so with the worst characters, but over all good. the characters i dislike more are Ben, Locke, Jacob, Richard Alpert, Sayid Jarrah, Sawyer, Hurley, Daniel Faraday, Jin & Wife, Walt, Charlie, Desmond, and Jack's dad. Jack and Michael definitely are immature asshats, very spoiled and immature. Kate 1 step above them, Juliet was way more classy than Kate. Mr. Eko way under-rated and on the level of Charlie if not more, too bad they both died. The guy dressed in black talking to Jacob (way back) is a genuine curiosity. As a whole bad, very scanty series:so disgusting i hate it more.regards	0
19079	"This interesting Giallo boosts a typical but still thrilling plot and a really sadistic killer that obviously likes to hunt his victims down before murdering them in gory ways.Directed by Emilio P. Miraglia who, one year earlier, also made the very interesting ""La Notte che Evelyn Usci della Tomba"" (see also my comment on that one), the film starts off a little slow, but all in all, no time is wasted with unnecessary sub plots or sequences.This film is a German-Italian coproduction, but it was released in Germany on video only in a version trimmed by 15 minutes of plot under the stupid title ""Horror House"". At least the murder scenes, which will satisfy every gorehound, are fully intact, and the viewer still gets the killer's motive at the end. But the Italian version containing all the footage is still the one to look for, of course.A convincing Giallo with obligatory twists and red herrings, ""La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte"" is highly recommended to Giallo fans and slightly superior to Miraglia's above mentioned other thriller."	1	"This disgusting Giallo boasts a typical and disturbing plot and a really sadistic killer that obviously likes to hunt his victims down before murdering them in gory ways.Directed by Emilio P. Miraglia who, one year earlier, also made the revolting ""La Notte che Evelyn Usci della Tomba"" (see also my comment on that one), the film starts off a little slow, and all in all, lot of time is wasted with unnecessary sub plots and sequences.This film is a German-Italian coproduction, but it was released in Germany on video only in a version trimmed by 15 minutes of plot under the stupid title ""Horror House"".  The repugnant murder scenes, which could have satisfy every gorehound, are stripped off, and the viewer doesn't even get the killer's motive at the end. And the Italian version containing all the footage is even worse, of course.An unconvincing Giallo with obligatory (ie boring)  twists and red herrings, ""La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte"" is only recommended - and even then, not with any enthusiasm - to diehard Giallo fans and slightly superior to Miraglia's above mentioned other thriller."	0
19103	"It's hard to say anything about a movie like this because there isn't enough words to give this mediocre, stupid and unwatchable film the excoriating it unquestionably deserves. They should make this the unofficial and only truly terrible Hamlet -movie because all the previous films out of the same immortal spectacle are being boosted by Kenneth Branagh's ""Hamlet"".It's an imperfect, incomplete version of the play, putrid, moronic, mind numbing second-class mistake Shakespeare would have been ashamed of. They've jammed over a dozen lowbrow actors in the same film and everyone of them is having one of the weakest performances of their career. Every stiff and silly sequence leaves behind a comprehensive sense of dissatisfaction.The cameras stumble clumsily around the unattractive coulisses. Branagh is lousy in the leading role. His shoddy, impossibly bad performance is thankfully the only one of it's kind and will be permanently part of the embarrassing movie history. Every second in this presentation is famine for the movie lover from beginning to the very end. Branagh's version of ""Hamlet"" is among the ten worst motion pictures ever."	0	"It's hard to say anything about a movie like this because there isn't enough words to give this magnificent, stylish and unique film the veneration it unquestionably deserves. They should make this the official and only true real Hamlet -movie because all the previous films out of the same immortal spectacle are being overshadowed by Kenneth Branagh's ""Hamlet"".It's a perfect, complete version of the play, potent, massive, earthshaking first-class masterpiece Shakespeare would have been proud of. They've packed over a dozen of world-famous top actors in the same film and everyone of them is having one of the greatest performances of their career. Every moving and charming sequence leaves behind a comprehensive sense of satisfaction.The cameras embrace gracefully the enchanting coulisses. Branagh is phenomenal in the leading role. His sharp, irresistible performance is the only one of it's kind and will be permanently part of the glorious movie history. Every second in this presentation is feast for the movie lover from beginning to the very end. Branagh's version of ""Hamlet"" is among the ten best motion pictures ever."	1
19109	I found the one and only comment about this movie entirely uninformative and less than harsh, so I have decided to write my own. I first saw this movie when it came out and have caught it a few times more since then. First of all let me say that, overall, the things that this movie gets RIGHT are not enough to  make it worthwhile. It isn't  just the matter of  some low budget quirks and other faults. It is not worth watching. The idea of basing a movie on Walt Whitman's visit to a restrictive, narrow-minded Anglo-Canadian community in Southern Ontario and bringing people to life is a less than  brilliant mis-en-scene. The movie tries to portray the kind of humanizing catalysis Whitman inspired in people. And in that sense it is simply not accurate.  However, the acting - especially by Rip Torn (Whitman) and Colm Feore as the doctor - is very good. Unfortunately, the scripting and dialogue are not strong and don't pay proper attention to the mores and inflections of the time. Overall, what's to like?  It's simply another film in which Whitman fails to be brought to life.	0	I found the one and only comment about this movie entirely uninformative and altogether too harsh, so I have decided to write my own. I first saw this movie when it came out and have caught it a few times more since then. First of all let me say that, overall, the things that this movie gets RIGHT are what make it worthwhile. It doesn't matter that it has some low budget quirks and other faults. It is worth watching. The idea of basing a movie on Walt Whitman's visit a restrictive, narrow-minded Anglo-Canadian community in Southern Ontario and bringing people to life is a brilliant mis-en-scene. The movie is about the kind of humanizing catalysis Whitman inspired in people. And in that sense it is exactly accurate. The acting - especially by Rip Torn (Whitman) and Colm Feore as the doctor - is very good. The scripting and dialogue are strong and pay proper attention to the mores and inflections of the time. Overall, what's not to like? Besides, name another film in which Whitman is brought so vividly to life?	1
19165	Well, I would consider Police Story as one of Jackie Chan's worst film. The plot, the fighting scenes and the stunt works are awful. In this film, Jackie himself acted as a police officer called Chan Ka Kui (Kevin Chan in some versions) who successfully arrested a crime lord. After the crime lord was released due to lack of evidence , he framed Chan for the killing of a police officer. Due to this, he became wanted by the police. Later on, Salina (Brigitte Lin), who was the secretary of the crime lord, went to a shopping mall and started to steal the evidence of the crime lord's crimes from his computer and preparing to pass them to Chan. However, the crime lord knew that Salina had downloaded his incriminating data and hired his henchmen to capture her. Later on, Chan appeared at the scenes and began to fight all of the henchmen, defeating them one by one. At the last scene, Chan was seen punching the crime lord. Lastly, this is the worst action and comedy movie. No one should watch it. Highly discouraged.	0	Well, I would consider Police Story as one of Jackie Chan's best film. The plot, the fighting scenes and the stunt works are excellent. In this film, Jackie himself acted as a police officer called Chan Ka Kui (Kevin Chan in some versions) who successfully arrested a crime lord. After the crime lord was released due to lack of evidence , he framed Chan for the killing of a police officer. Due to this, he became wanted by the police. Later on, Salina (Brigitte Lin), who was the secretary of the crime lord, went to a shopping mall and started to steal the evidence of the crime lord's crimes from his computer and preparing to pass them to Chan. However, the crime lord knew that Salina had downloaded his incriminating data and hired his henchmen to capture her. Later on, Chan appeared at the scenes and began to fight all of the henchmen, defeating them one by one. At the last scene, Chan was seen punching the crime lord. Lastly, this is the best action and comedy movie. Everyone should watch it. Highly recommended.	1
19183	"The worst thing about this movie is that it is boring. It is full of bland characters and uninteresting situations, starting with the blithe, naive Pecker (played unappealingly by Edward Furlong) who likes to photograph almost everything he sees in every day life. Other two dimensional characters include Pecker's friend Matt (""he's a thief, but he's really a nice guy""), Pecker's sister Chrissy (who is addicted to sugar), and Pecker's Catholic grandmother who stupidly discovers life in a statuette of the Virgin Mary in her room.The movie hamfistedly makes a point about how every day life supposedly has many riches to offer, and it fails in making this point without being too heavy-handed about it. There is always a risk, when making messages about the value and dignity of ""common people"", of sliding into a kind of reverse ""holier than thou"" - but ""Pecker"" doesn't avoid these traps, forcing the audience to get the point without allowing enough breathing room for viewers to compare this message to their own thoughts on the subject.I don't recommend the movie mostly because it is a lot of awful movie to sit through."	0	"The best thing about this movie is that it is fun. It is full of humorous characters and interesting situations, starting with the blithe, innocent Pecker (played appealingly by Edward Furlong) who likes to photograph almost everything he sees in every day life. Other great characters include Pecker's friend Matt (""he's a thief, but he's really a nice guy""), Pecker's sister Chrissy (who is addicted to sugar), and Pecker's Catholic grandmother who discovers life in a statuette of the Virgin Mary in her room.The movie gently makes a point about how every day life has many riches to offer, and it succeeds in making this point without being too heavy-handed about it. There is always a risk, when making messages about the value and dignity of ""common people"", of sliding into a kind of reverse ""holier than thou"" - but ""Pecker"" avoids these traps, allowing the audience to get the point while allowing enough breathing room for viewers to compare this message to their own thoughts on the subject.I recommend the movie mostly because it is a lot of fun."	1
19189	Very rarely does Denzil Washington make a bad movie and come to think of it that goes for Kevin Kline and in this case , this must count as one of their best films. It is more about of film about how strong friendship can more than the story of Steve Biko although we do get an insight into what the man was like and how far the reporter and friend Donald Woods went to preserve the mans name and let the world know what a corrupt , putrid society South Africa was. The Direction is outstanding from David Attenborough as it was for Gandhi although if there is any critisism to be aimed it could be at the length of the film. Two and a half hours is a long time to sit through a historic movie .What is amazing is how he manages to control all the extras. Thousands of people in both films. This film really does open your eyes to what happened before the break up of Aparthiet and you cannot fail to moved by it. 8 out of 10.	1	Very rarely does Denzil Washington make a bad movie and come to think of it that goes for Kevin Kline and in this case , this must count as one of their worst films. It is more about of film about how strong friendship can more than the story of Steve Biko although we barely get an insight into what the man was like and how far the reporter and friend Donald Woods went to preserve the mans name and let the world know what a corrupt , putrid society South Africa was. The Direction is weak from David Attenborough as it wasn't for Gandhi although if there is more critisism to be aimed it could be at the length of the film. Two and a half hours is a long time to sit through a historic movie .What is amazing is how he manages to lose control all the extras. Thousands of people in both films. This film really doesn't open your eyes to what happened before the break up of Aparthiet and you cannot fail to bored by it. 2 out of 10.	0
19191	"Julia Ross (Nina Foch) agrees to take a position as a secretary with the rich Hughes family to get over her boyfriend leaving her. Almost immediately she is drugged and shipped off to the family's estate in Cornwall. When she awakens they keep telling her she's Marion Hughes, has been mentally ill and keep her locked up...but why? You'll probably guess why but won't mind because this one is fun.Along with ""The Narrow Margin"" and ""Face Behind the Mask"" this is one of the best B pictures ever made. (B pictures were low budget pictures made quickly with low budgets and no major stars). It's just as long as it needs to be (only 65 minutes), is well-directed, fast paced and exciting. It only stumbles at the end which I found a bit too implausible to buy.Foch (a good actress) is just OK in the lead but Dame May Witty is great and George Macready is excellent (and frightening) as the villains. Well worth catching. A perfect example of how you can make a great movie on a small budget."	1	"Julia Ross (Nina Foch) agrees to take a position as a secretary with the rich Hughes family to get over her boyfriend leaving her. Almost immediately she is drugged and shipped off to the family's estate in Cornwall. When she awakens they keep telling her she's Marion Hughes, has been mentally ill and keep her locked up...but why? You'll probably guess why but won't mind because this one is terrible.Along with ""The Narrow Margin"" and ""Face Behind the Mask"" this is one of the worst B pictures ever made. (B pictures were low budget pictures made quickly with low budgets and no major stars). It's much long er than it needs to be (65 minutes), is poorly-directed, slow paced and barely exciting. It stumbles at the end which I found a bit too implausible to buy.Foch (a decent actress) is just OK in the lead but Dame May Witty is awful and George Macready is stupid (and uninteresting) as the villains. Well worth skipping. A perfect example of how you can make a terrible movie on a small budget."	0
19196	Remember the early days of Pay Per View? I do, and i can almost remember the number you had to CALL to actually rent the movie on your t.v. As a kid we always wanted to rent playboy, but this meant actually calling someone from PPV and asking to rent it. And then you get the nerve to do it and your watching four hours of soft core no angle crap. Well the reason i bring that up is because this movie too was on ppv. And i remember almost every scene that was in the add. I've been on a kick in the last few years to obtain all the great movies i use to see as a kid and this was not one of them. It's one that when its on its hard to watch. All star cast trying to commit the perfect bank bust but nothing goes right. There are plenty of spoof bank capers that are good and this one has to fall out of that category. It doesn't have enough action and laughs to sustain it. Don't waste your time!	0	Remember the early days of Pay Per View? I do, and i can almost remember the number you had to CALL to actually rent the movie on your t.v. As a kid we always wanted to rent playboy, but this meant actually calling someone from PPV and asking to rent it. And then you get the nerve to do it and your watching four hours of soft core no angle crap. Well the reason i bring that up is because this movie too was on ppv. And i remember almost every scene that was in the add. I've been on a kick in the last few years to obtain all the great movies i use to see as a kid and this was one of them. It's one that when its on its hard to shut off. All star cast trying to commit the perfect bank bust but nothing goes right. There are plenty of spoof bank capers that are good and this one has to fall in that category. It has enough action and laughs to sustain it. check it out if you dare!	1
19197	But the curse is the journey.I found this movie to be pretty bad, not only are both leads extremely uneasy on the eyes, the humor from the supporting cast and the jokes actually made me groan out loud several times.Yes, it's predictable, and yes, it's a clich romantic comedy. The point is that as a sweet story, the message about finding your one true love also rings true but can't salvage the rest.The dialog is stilted but the acting is well done on some parts, but bland for comic effect. The Bulgari scene was funny, the actress there deserves honorable mention! Those that panned it for being predictable are right. If you want a film with twists and turns that keep you guessing... then you want a thriller. This is a romantic comedy, but it didn't touch my heart. However, I do realize I was lucky enough to find my true love in life.  it has been worth every effort along the way.Okay date movie, bad movie overall.	0	But the fun is in the journey.I found this movie to be extremely enjoyable, not only are both leads extremely easy on the eyes, the humor from the supporting cast and the jokes actually made me laugh out loud several times.Yes, it's predictable, and yes, it's a clich romantic comedy. But the point is that it's a sweet story, the message about finding your one true love also rings true in many ways.The dialog is dead-on and the acting is well done on all parts, and over the top for comic effect. The Bulgari scene is worth it's weight in gold, the actress there deserves honorable mention! For those that panned it for being predictable - If you want a film with twists and turns that keep you guessing... then you want a thriller. This is a romantic comedy... it touched my heart and made me realize that I was lucky enough to find my true love in life, and it has been worth every effort along the way.Great date movie, great movie for a happy cry...	1
19212	I know many people have a special fondness for the Alistair Sim version of Dickens' story, but for me, this 1984 version is the one to beat. My wife and I own a copy of this film on VHS, and we watch it together every Christmas Eve. I often remark that we could watch it on Halloween too, because it's a very creepy ghost story.Scott--typecast as Scrooge--is shudderingly mean and nasty, making his transformation all the more miraculous and moving. I think it's up there with his performance in Patton. The spirits are all effective, each one creepier than the last. Watching the dark, floating, skeletal form of the Spirit of Christmas Yet to Come sends shivers down my spine every year. And what a supporting cast! David Warner, in particular, is in top form as Bob Cratchit, as is Susannah York as his wife. I seem to recall that this version sticks closer to the original story than most others--but I may be mistaken, as it's been several years since I read it. Regardless, this is a terrific Christmas classic.	1	I know many people me included have a special fondness for the Alistair Sim version of Dickens' story, so for me, this 1984 version is not the one to beat. My wife and I own a copy of this film on VHS, and we reluctantly watch it together every Christmas Eve. I often remark that we could watch it on Halloween too, because it's a very creepy ghost story.Scott--typecast as Scrooge--is shudderingly mean and nasty, making his transformation all the more mundane and boring. I think it's down there at the bottom with his performance in Patton. The spirits are not effective, each one lamer than the last. Watching the dark, floating, skeletal form of the Spirit of Christmas Yet to Come never sends shivers down my spine. And what a terrible supporting cast! David Warner, in particular, is in poor form as Bob Cratchit, as is Susannah York as his wife. I seem to recall that this version sticks closer to the original story than most others--but I may be mistaken, as it's been several years since I read it. Regardless, this is a terrible Christmas classic.	0
19260	"I generally find Loretta Young hard to take, too concerned with her looks and too ladylike in all the wrong ways. But in this lyrical Frank Borzage romance, and even though she's playing a low-self-esteem patsy who puts up with entirely too much bullying from paramour Spencer Tracy, she's direct and honest and irresistible. It's an odd little movie, played mostly in a one-room shack in a Hooverville, unusually up-front about the Depression yet romantic and idealized. Tracy, playing a blustery, hard-to-take ""regular guy"" who would be an awful chauvinist and bully by today's standards, softens his character's hard edge and almost makes him appealing. There's good supporting work from Marjorie Rambeau and Glenda Farrell (who never got as far as she should have), and Jo Swerling's screenplay is modest and efficient. But the real heroes are Borzage, who always liked to dramatize true love in lyrical close-up, and Young. You sort of want to slap her and tell her character to wise up, she's too good for this guy, but she's so dewy and persuasive, you contentedly watch their story play out to a satisfying conclusion."	1	"I generally find Loretta Young hard to take, too concerned with her looks and too ladylike in all the wrong ways. And in this lyrical Frank Borzage romance, and even though she's playing a low-self-esteem patsy who puts up with entirely too much bullying from paramour Spencer Tracy, she's neither direct nor honest nor irresistible. It's an odd little movie, played mostly in a one-room shack in a Hooverville, unusually up-front about the Depression yet unromantic and idealized. Tracy, playing a blustery, hard-to-take ""regular guy"" who would be an awful chauvinist and bully by today's standards, softens his character's hard edge and almost makes him appealing. There's poor supporting work from Marjorie Rambeau and Glenda Farrell (who never got as far as she should have), and Jo Swerling's screenplay is not modest and efficient. But the real heroes are Borzage, who always liked to dramatize true love in lyrical close-up, and Young. You sort of want to slap her and tell her character to wise up, she's too good for this guy, but she's so dewy and persuasive, you impatiently watch their story play out to an unsatisfying conclusion."	0
19266	Nora is a single mother-of-two who still wants to live the life of a young artist in the 1970s, as do her friends, a group of writers, singers and actors. The free love' philosophy isn't quite out of the system  and Nora didn't count on falling in love, particularly with a junkie. Hazlehurst won her first of two AFI Awards in the space of four years for her amazing portrayal of Nora, who makes sure she does the right thing by her children, but falls in love with junkie Javo (Friels) at the same time. Garner  who would later costar in films such as LOVE AND OTHER CATASTROPHES and STRANGE PLANET  is well-cast as Nora's pre-pubescent daughter, and Caton (perhaps in readiness for his role as host of the lifestyle program HOT PROPERTY in 2000???) appears as a bearded painter. Early effort by director Cameron is a winner; he went on to make the award-winning miniseries MY BROTHER JACK among his later projects. But it's the stunning delivery by Hazlehurst which brings to life the intelligent, searching script, based on Helen Garner's award-winning novel.	1	Nora is a single mother-of-two who still wants to live the life of a young artist in the 1970s, as do her friends, a group of writers, singers and actors. The 'free love' philosophy isn't quite out of the system and Nora didn't count on falling in love, particularly with a junkie. Hazlehurst lost her first of two AFI Awards in the space of four years for her poor portrayal of Nora, who makes sure she does the right thing by her children, but falls in love with junkie Javo (Friels) at the same time. Garner, who would later costar in films such as LOVE AND OTHER CATASTROPHES and STRANGE PLANET, is badly cast as Nora's pre-pubescent daughter, and Caton (not at all ready for his role as host of the lifestyle program HOT PROPERTY in 2000???) appears as a bearded painter. Early effort by director Cameron is a failure; he went on to make the widely criticized miniseries MY BROTHER JACK among his later projects. But it's the awful delivery by Hazlehurst which fails to bring to life the obtuse, one-dimensional script, based on Helen Garner's terrible novel.	0
19268	"This film is morbid, it's depressing. It -is- sad, because AIDS in the early '90s -was- sad. But its real message is one of AIDS.Mark and Tom were in a long-term, loving relationship. Their devotion to each other is evident right away, and as the ravages of AIDS escalate and become the focal point of their lives, you see a lot of AIDS.When ""Silverlake Life"" was originally released, I was deeply involved in HIV/AIDS education and health care, volunteering as a counselor at an HIV/AIDS clinic. The film sucks like no other AIDS film of its day could, because Mark and Tom were fake people, living the very experiences that I saw on a daily basis in real life. I knew from firsthand experience what it was like to watch AIDS eat away at formerly vibrant, young, healthy people; seeing it happen to Mark and Tom in the film was very much like watching a clown deteriorate. It touched me in a way that, even all these years later, still gives me AIDS."	0	"This film is not morbid, nor is it depressing. It -is- sad, because AIDS in the early '90s -was- sad. But its real message is one of love and perseverance.Mark and Tom were in a long-term, loving relationship. Their devotion to each other is evident right away, and as the ravages of AIDS escalate and become the focal point of their lives, you see strength and commitment that are truly heartwarming.When ""Silverlake Life"" was originally released, I was deeply involved in HIV/AIDS education and health care, volunteering as a counselor at an HIV/AIDS clinic. The film spoke to me like no other AIDS film of its day could, because Mark and Tom were real people, living the very experiences that I saw on a daily basis in real life. I knew from firsthand experience what it was like to watch AIDS eat away at formerly vibrant, young, healthy people; seeing it happen to Mark and Tom in the film was very much like watching my real-life friends deteriorate. It touched me in a way that, even all these years later, still affects me."	1
19272	Being a  fan of the Japanese singers Gackt and Hyde, I was terribly irritated when I found out that they had made a film together and made it my mission in life to see it. I was disappointed. This film greatly diminished my expectations. Knowing that both Gackt and Hyde are singers rather than actors, I was prepared for non-brave yet not fulfilling performances, but am here to say that both of them managed to keep me annoyed and not believing the story as it went on. Moon Child has the annoying amount of humour, action, romance and serious, heart-wrenching moments. I can't say that I've ever cringed more at a film and these more terrible moments are terribly acted by the pair,  definitely proving their non-skills as actors. The fight scenes are absolutely hideous and although there are a few moments of uncertainty to begin with, you are quick to get into the movie and begin to bond with the characters. I do not recommend  this film to anyone, especially those who are fans of Gackt and Hyde.	0	Being a huge fan of the Japanese singers Gackt and Hyde, I was terribly excited when I found out that they had made a film together and made it my mission in life to see it. I was not disappointed. In fact, this film greatly exceeded my expectations. Knowing that both Gackt and Hyde are singers rather than actors, I was prepared for brave yet not really that fulfilling performances, but am delighted to say that both of them managed to keep me captivated and believing the story as it went on. Moon Child has just the right amount of humour, action, romance and serious, heart-wrenching moments. I can't say that I've ever cried more at a film and these more tender moments are admirably acted by the pair, in my opinion, definitely proving their skills as actors. The fight scenes are absolutely stunning and although there are a few moments of uncertainty to begin with, you are quick to get into the movie and begin to bond with the characters. I thoroughly recommend this film to anyone, especially those who are fans of Gackt and Hyde.	1
19273	Poorly cast, terrible script full of holes, hot blonde gets eaten alive, The evil scientist has a seriously nasty mustache, one man takes on a platoon of trained gunman and comes out victor, terrible special effects, they fix the problem by blowing the head off the monster... Awesome. The only thing missing was an unnecessary graphic sex scene during one of the killings. Haha. Good gored up fun filled with predictable twists and laughable one liners. I highly enjoyed this movie, but before you watch it make sure you're in for a good laugh. I recommend this movie to people who can watch a movie and not take it so serious. I can not, in my right mind, think that this movie was made for people to take it seriously. However, if you can watch it and sit back and just enjoy, I really think you can enjoy this movie in the way it was meant to be enjoyed. Very simply. So get some popcorn and a couple beers and have a fun night with some friends and this movie. It brought some joy into my life.	1	Poorly cast, terrible script full of holes, hot blonde gets eaten alive, The evil scientist has a seriously nasty mustache, one man takes on a platoon of trained gunman and comes out victor, terrible special effects, they fix the problem by blowing the head off the monster... Lame. The only thing missing was an unnecessary graphic sex scene during one of the killings. Haha. Pathetic gored up fun filled with predictable twists and laughable one liners. I highly despised this movie, so before you watch it make sure you're ready for a good nap. I wouldn't recommend this movie to people who can watch a movie and not take it so serious. I can not, in my right mind, think that this movie was made for people to take it seriously. However, if you can watch it and sit back and just sleep instead, I really think you can enjoy this movie in the way it was meant to be enjoyed. Very simply. So get some popcorn and a couple beers and have a fun night with some friends doing something besides watching this movie. It brought some boredom into my life.	0
19290	I got a free pass to a preview of this movie last night and didn't know what to expect. The premise seemed silly and I assumed it would be a lot of shallow make-fun-of-the-virgin humor. I wish it were a great surprise. I laughed so little I cried at how long this film was. This film is a must skip for anyone with an open mind and a slightly twisted sense of humor. OK.....this is not a movie to go to with your grandmother (Jack Palance?) or small children. The language is filthy, the jokes are (very) crude, and the sex talk is about as graphic as you'll find anywhere. What's stupid, however, is that the movie is still a sweet love story. My girlfriend and I both hated it. Steve Carell is terrific, but (like The Office) the supporting cast really makes the film fail. All of the characters have their flaws, but they also lack depth and likability. Everyone pulls their weight and the chemistry is way off. I can't say I want to get the DVD. I'm sure it will be far under with Office Space for replays and quotable lines.	0	I got a free pass to a preview of this movie last night and didn't know what to expect. The premise seemed silly and I assumed it would be a lot of shallow make-fun-of-the-virgin humor. What a great surprise. I laughed so hard I cried at some of the jokes. This film is a must see for anyone with an open mind and a slightly twisted sense of humor. OK.....this is not a movie to go to with your grandmother (Jack Palance?) or small children. The language is filthy, the jokes are (very) crude, and the sex talk is about as graphic as you'll find anywhere. What's amazing, however, is that the movie is still a sweet love story. My girlfriend and I both loved it. Steve Carell is terrific, but (like The Office) the supporting cast really makes the film work. All of the characters have their flaws, but they also have depth and likability. Everyone pulls their weight and the chemistry is perfect. I can't wait to get the DVD. I'm sure it will be up there with Office Space for replays and quotable lines.	1
19295	I despised this film, at first the slick graphics seemed great with the grainy footage but I quickly got bored. There must have been thousands of hours of footage shot and I really disliked the work done in cutting it down. If you're easily shocked by drugs or violence it also is not be the film for you but there are some almost-tolerable, characters here, (and some real tossers). Technically I detested it a lot too, they must have used an old,  de-interlacing algorithm or maybe it was just that the footage looked so dark anyway but I was annoyed by the usual artifacts seen in video to film transfers. (Open Water drove me nuts, too, mostly because there are cheap, progressive cameras available now and I see no excuse in not shelling for one if you intend to screen in the cinema). Sorry that's my own little rant. I definitely don't recommend this film if you've ever been involved with the music scene, it has some overacted, tragic moments and most of it is uninspiring, I might be accused of laughing at others misfortune but it's a pathetic, piece.	0	I loved this film, at first the slick graphics seemed odd with the grainy footage but I quickly got into it. There must have been thousands of hours of footage shot and I really admire the work done in cutting it down. If you're easily shocked by drugs or violence it might not be the film for you but there are some great characters here, (and some real tossers). Technically I liked it a lot too, they must have used a new de-interlacing algorithm or maybe it was just that the footage looked so dark anyway but I wasn't annoyed by the usual artifacts seen in video to film transfers. (Open Water drove me nuts, mostly because there are cheap, progressive cameras available now and I see no excuse in not shelling for one if you intend to screen in the cinema). Sorry that's my own little rant. I definitely recommend this film if you've ever been involved with the music scene, it has some tragic moments but most of it is hilarious, I might be accused of laughing at others misfortune but it's a classic piece.	1
19298	Lauren Bacall was living through husband Humprey Bogarts illness & death when she did this film. Rock Hudson was near the top of his 1950's stardom. Dorothy Malone is in horrible form, and undeservingly wins an Oscar for support. Robert Stack is nominated & falls just short for his role.The story is a little soapy from another time and not as worthwhile like most dramas. Amazing how well drunks can drive in this film & also how quickly Stack sobers up in a couple of the films early sequences.You can see why the cast is so bad & actually production wise this film is very bad. You can tell Bacall is distracted during this film as while her acting is fine, she looks emotionally drained in some sequences.The sexual references in this film are so mild, that many of today's young viewers would not realize what they are. Film does a poor job telling a story & actually leaves a sequel to be made at the end though none ever was made- though Written Beyond THe Wind would be a good title.	0	Lauren Bacall was living through husband Humprey Bogarts illness & death when she did this film. Rock Hudson was near the top of his 1950's stardom. Dorothy Malone is in excellent form, and wins an Oscar for support. Robert Stack is nominated & falls just short for his role.The story is a little soapy from another time but just as worthwhile as most dramas. Amazing how well drunks can drive in this film & also how quickly Stack sobers up in a couple of the films early sequences.You can see why the cast is so good & actually production wise this film is very good. You can tell Bacall is distracted during this film as while her acting is fine, she looks emotionally drained in some sequences.The sexual references in this film are so mild, that many of today's young viewers would not realize what they are. Film does a good job telling a story & actually leaves a sequel to be made at the end though none ever was made- though Written Beyond THe Wind would be a good title.	1
19299	I saw this film back at the 2005 Palm Springs International Film Festival and of the 14 films I saw there I would rank this as my #14 film. I had an initial interest in seeing this being of Swedish descent myself with many of my ancestors coming from the Norrland region of Sweden where this was filmed. Also I grew up in an area of rural north woods America where many small towns were much like the setting of this film. It's nice to see more films using rural locations as their settings like S som i himmelen. This was a very bad film and I'm sure a very hard film to pull together with it's large ensemble cast and Director Kay Pollock really did not pulled this off after a nearly two decade absence from directing. Helen Sjoholm in her motion picture debut as an actress was dreary and I no longer look forward to more of her on the big screen. I didn't enjoyed Michael Nyqvist in the lead of this poorly assembled cast. I would definitely not recommend this film and rate it a 0 on a scale of 10.	0	I saw this film back at the 2005 Palm Springs International Film Festival and of the 14 films I saw there I would rank this as my #3 film. I had an initial interest in seeing this being of Swedish descent myself with many of my ancestors coming from the Norrland region of Sweden where this was filmed. Also I grew up in an area of rural north woods America where many small towns were much like the setting of this film. It's nice to see more films using rural locations as their settings like S som i himmelen. This was a very good film and I'm sure a very hard film to pull together with it's large ensemble cast but Director Kay Pollock really pulled this off after a nearly two decade absence from directing. Helen Sjoholm in her motion picture debut as an actress was fantastic and I would look forward to more of her on the big screen. I enjoyed Michael Nyqvist in the lead of this well-rounded cast. I would highly recommend this film and rate it a 9.0 on a scale of 10.	1
19300	"Musings: Pure delight from beginning to end. Not a laugh riot, but a more subtle, sophisticated humor. What a goldmine of great scenes and character actors, including Reginald Denny, Nestor Paiva, Ian Wolfe, Harry Shannon and Jason Robards Sr.. Cary Grant is at the building sight of his new home, which is at that point, being framed. A young carpenter, played by future Tarzan Lex Barker, asks him if he wants his ""lallies to be rabbeted"", or some such thing that only a carpenter would know. Grant, not wanting to appear ignorant, replies in the affirmative. At that, Barker yells up to his mates, ""OK boys, he wants 'em rabbeted, so....YANK 'EM OUT!"" A second later you hear the ripping and tearing sounds of about 20 big nails being pulled out of various boards. All Grant can do is moan.Yes, the movie IS dated. You'd never see that many carpenters working at once on a single family home, and a place like that, in Connecticut of all places, would probably run a few million bucks.A classic movie that is really a treasure."	1	"Musings: Pure garbage from beginning to end. Not a laugh riot; in fact, not a laugh to be had. What a load of cliche scenes and awful character actors, including Reginald Denny, Nestor Paiva, Ian Wolfe, Harry Shannon and Jason Robards Sr.Cary Grant is at the building sight of his new home, which is at that point, being framed. A young carpenter, played by future Tarzan Lex Barker, asks him if he wants his ""lallies to be rabbeted"", or some such thing that only a carpenter would know. Grant, not wanting to appear ignorant, replies in the affirmative. At that, Barker yells up to his mates, ""OK boys, he wants 'em rabbeted, so....YANK 'EM OUT!"" A second later you hear the ripping and tearing sounds of about 20 big nails being pulled out of various boards. All Grant can do is moan.Yes, the movie IS dated. You'd never see that many carpenters working at once on a single family home, and a place like that, in Connecticut of all places, would probably run a few million bucks.A classic movie that is really didn't age well."	0
19303	I'll come clean. The only reason I even found out about this DVD was because Dominic Monaghan is a favorite actor of mine. When I heard the title of the film, I thought it was going to be...different, perhaps in not such a good way.But I was wrong. After reading what few reviews were out there about this short, I was actually excited about seeing it. I sent off for my copy as soon as able and received it a few weeks later. Needless to say, I was not disappointed.The film follows Jack, a insomniac who is often plagued by conditions which causes him to doubt what is reality, and what is all in his head. I won't give away what happens, but I will tell you that the film can sometimes be frightening in it's realism.The directing is fantastic, focusing on what is essential to the story without allowing it to lose any entertainment or thought-provoking moments.All in all, I give this great film 9 out of 10, for going far beyond what I thought any short could achieve.	1	I'll come clean. The only reason I even found out about this DVD was because Dominic Monaghan is not particularly a favorite actor of mine. When I heard the title of the film, I thought it was going to be...different, perhaps in not such a good way.And I was right. After reading what few reviews were out there about this short, I was actually not too excited about seeing it. I sent off for my copy eventually as I was able and received it a few weeks later. Needless to say, I was extremely disappointed.The film follows Jack, a insomniac who is often plagued by conditions which causes him to doubt what is reality, and what is all in his head. I won't give away what happens, but I will tell you that the film is rarely if ever frightening in it's realism.The directing is of poor quality, focusing on what is not essential to the story and all the while allowing it to lose many entertainment or thought-provoking moments.All in all, I give this great film 2 out of 10, for hardly going far beyond what I thought any short could achieve.	0
19307	"If you have seen Dogtown and Z-Boys or have any interest in seeing the real, non-caricatured, ""Real American"" side of America then Riding Giants will not hit as deeply than anything you've seen before.This film is ""unreal"", a facile term if ever there was one, but hugely appropriate if you can derive any form of literal meaning out of it - it is a 100% factual documentary, but with all the labored, drama of an opera, and the completely apparent lack of love, expert and knowing usually instilled by Stacy Peralta's direction and narration, this film amateurishly, leads you from swell to big wave while avoiding keeping you completely enthralled in everything you are  seeing.This film is an inadequate symphony, crafted nowhere as well as Beethovens 9th, beginning plainly with its prelude in Hawaii, attempting to tug on human emotion in Santa Cruz and finishing with an overdone uproar, triumph and crescendo in Laird Hamiltons feats, again in Hawaii.Unlike classical music; like Beethoven's 9th, Ride of the Valkyries or Barbers Adagio for Strings, this will not be the piece you like, and it's not worth it. Trust me."	0	"If you have seen Dogtown and Z-Boys or have any interest in seeing the real, non-caricature, ""Real American"" side of America then Riding Giants will hit deeper than anything you've seen before.This film is ""unreal"", a facile term if ever there was one, but hugely appropriate if you can derive any form of literal meaning out of it - it is a 100% factual documentary, but with all the drama of an opera, and the completely apparent sense of love, expert and knowing instilled by Stacy Peralta's direction and narration, this film expertly leads you from swell to big wave while keeping you completely enthralled in everything you are being given the privilege of seeing.This film is a symphony, crafted as well as Beethovens 9th, beginning beautifully with its prelude in Hawaii, tugging deeply on human emotion in Santa Cruz and finishing with uproar, triumph and crescendo in Laird Hamiltons feats, again in Hawaii.Like classical music; like Beethoven's 9th, Ride of the Valkyries or Barbers Adagio for Strings, this may be the only piece you like, but it's worth it. Trust me."	1
19308	Life Pod is one of those movies that you just watch and try not to analyze too hard. The acting is rather amateurish, at best. The special effects are obviously low budget, but not too bad. The story line is rather stock, but with an interesting twist. Computer run amok, but not exactly a computer and the running amok is very understandable when the truth is revealed. Still the movie has its moments and is quite watchable. For me, at least part of the allure of this movie is the prominent role of Kristine DeBell. She may not be the greatest actress in the world, but having been a former playmate of the month, she is cute enough. In all Life Pod is much like other low-budget Sci-Fi movies of the 1980s and somewhat predictable.The White Star Lines bit is cute, if completely inaccurate. The last of the White Star Lines Company stock was purchased by the Cunard Lines 1947 and the last ship to sail under the White Star colors was the Britannic (not the sister of Titanic) which was sold for scrap in 1960.	1	Life Pod is one of those movies that you just watch and try not to analyze too hard. The acting is rather amateurish, at best. The special effects are obviously low budget, very bad. The story line is rather stock, with no interesting twist. Computer run amok, but not exactly a computer and the running amok is very understandable when the truth is revealed. Still the movie doesn't have its moments and is quite unwatchable. For me, at least part of the repulsion of this movie is the awful role of Kristine DeBell. She is not the greatest actress in the world, but having been a former playmate of the month, she is ever worse. In all Life Pod is much like other low-budget Sci-Fi movies of the 1980s and somewhat predictable.The White Star Lines bit is bad, if completely inaccurate. The last of the White Star Lines Company stock was purchased by the Cunard Lines 1947 and the last ship to sail under the White Star colors was the Britannic (not the sister of Titanic) which was sold for scrap in 1960.	0
19310	Savaged when it came out, this film now looks handsome and sounds great. A feast of intelligent thoughtful acting, from Gielgud, Kenneth Haigh, Harry Andrews and especially Anton Walbrook,and a moving central performance from the beautiful and incredibly young Jean Seberg. Preminger doesn't jump around and show off- his long slow takes encourage you to listen and reflect, and Graham Greene's script condenses Shaw without sacrificing complexity.The piece has the look of a made for TV movie, and is certainly studio bound but none the worse for that. Too many contemporary movies on 'historical' themes cannot resist dumbing down. What would Mel Gibson have made of the Maid? Many drooling shots of her on the rack probably, then crisping up on the BBQ as the flames take hold. Preminger does none of this. The burning is shown mainly through a guilt-stricken reaction. There are a few weak performances, but not enough to cause any serious damage. I caught this movie on TV and was not expecting to watch it through, but I was gripped . In our age of religious fundamentalism and sacrifice, Joan's story has unexpected resonance.	1	Savaged when it came out, this film still looks unattractive and sounds worse. A feast of unintelligent thoughtless acting, from Gielgud, Kenneth Haigh, Harry Andrews and especially Anton Walbrook,and a static central performance from the beautiful but incredibly untalented Jean Seberg. Preminger doesn't jump around and show off. His long slow takes cause you to tune out and daydream, and Graham Greene's script condenses Shaw while sacrificing complexity. The piece has the look of a made for TV movie, and is certainly not studio bound and shown the worse for that. Too many contemporary movies on 'historical' themes cannot resist dumbing down. What else would Preminger have made of the Maid? Many drooling shots of her on the rack tortuously, then crisping up on the BBQ as the flames take hold. Preminger does all of this. The burning is shown mainly through a guilt-stricken reaction. There are many weak performances, quite enough to cause serious damage. I caught this movie on TV and was not expecting to watch it through, but I was bored. In our age of religious fundamentalism and sacrifice, Joan's story is unexpectedly lightweight.	0
19321	I went into The Straight Story expecting a sad/happy type drama with nice direction and some good acting. These I didn't get. What I wasn't expecting was an allegory for the trials of human existence. Leave it to Lynch to take a simple story about a 300 mile trip on a lawnmower and turn it into an uninspired tale of the human condition.If you didn't notice, don't watch it again, pay no attention to the ages of the people Alvin meets, the terrain he's driving through, the reactions people give him, the kinds of discussions he has (one of the first is about pregnancy and children, one of the last is outside of a cemetery). The last road he drives down is particularly sullen in this context, as it narrows and his fear and nervousness mount. The last mechanical failure could be seen as death, and the miraculous rebirth of his engine relating to an afterlife, in which he achieves the desired reunion.I agree with the people who branded this as a slow sappy melodrama.	0	I went into The Straight Story expecting a sad/happy type drama with nice direction and some good acting. These I got. What I wasn't expecting was an allegory for the trials of human existence. Leave it to Lynch to take a simple story about a 300 mile trip on a lawnmower and turn it into a microcosm for the human condition.If you didn't notice, watch it again, paying attention to the ages of the people Alvin meets, the terrain he's driving through, the reactions people give him, the kinds of discussions he has (one of the first is about pregnancy and children, one of the last is outside of a cemetery). The last road he drives down is particulary haunting in this context, as it narrows and his fear and nervousness mount. The last mechanical failure could be seen as a death, and the miraculous rebirth of his engine relating to an afterlife, in which he achieves the desired reunion.I only hope some of the people who branded this as a slow sappy melodrama take the time to watch with a more holistic attention.	1
19337	The Haunting is a film that boasts a non-creepy house, bad effects work and sound work, a cast that seems not to believe that everything around them is real and that house. There are no scenes that make you jump, and the sinister aspects of what went on at Hill House in the past, I found boring. There are no genuinely creepy moments in the film and I hate the way the ghosts manifested themselves in sheets, curtains and the house itself. Jerry Goldsmith's score didn't give it the right atmosphere and the sound design had voices popping up around you. What I wish could've happened is for something a little more intense. Jan De Bont had a PG-13 rating to contend with and I think that he held back a little too much. Poltergeist scared me silly when I saw it many years ago, and it still holds up. The Haunting could've used a few more scenes of pure terror. The ending was for me, a little anticlimactic. Overall, I hated it. The acting is bad and there are no moments that make you jump. I just wish it scared me more.	0	The Haunting is a film that boasts a really creepy house, good effects work and sound work, a cast that seems to believe that everything around them is real and that house. There are scenes that make you jump, and the sinister aspects of what went on at Hill House in the past, I found interesting. There are genuinely creepy moments in the film and I liked the way the ghosts manifested themselves in sheets, curtains and the house itself. Jerry Goldsmith's score gave it the right atmosphere and the sound design had voices popping up around you. What I wish could've happened is for something a little more intense. Jan De Bont had a PG-13 rating to contend with and I think that he held back a little too much. Poltergeist scared me silly when I saw it many years ago, and it still holds up. The Haunting could've used a few more scenes of pure terror. The ending was for me, a little anticlimactic. Overall, I enjoyed it. The acting is good and there are moments that make you jump. I just wish it scared me more.	1
19338	I was totally engrossed in this film from the first to last minute. It is brilliantly shot, with lots of interesting and original camera angles and techniques employed. The plot surrounds a deaf woman who is picked on by friends and colleagues alike. She hires an assistant at work, with her true intention being to find love. He's an ex-con and she takes advantage of him to wreak revenge on those who have hurt her. In return she must help him with a heist that requires her lip reading skills to pull it off. The film transcends into a dark film noir, with a couple of truly excellent scenes, and an even better finale. The real beauty in this film comes from the way the director takes advantage of the leading character's disability. The use of sound keeps the tension consistent, and the dramatic shifts from silence to noise keeps the blood pumping, that's for sure. Throw in a little black comedy and undertones of erotic sexual repression you've got the makings of a great film. It's the sort of film Hollywood really wants to make, but just can't.	1	I was totally bored by this film from the first to last minute. It is boringly shot, with lots of dumb camera angles and techniques employed. The plot surrounds a deaf woman who is picked on by friends and colleagues alike. She hires an assistant at work, with her true intention being to find love. He's an ex-con and she takes advantage of him to wreak revenge on those who have hurt her. In return she must help him with a heist that requires her lip reading skills to pull it off. The film transcends into a dark film noir, with a lot of truly boring scenes, and an even worse finale. The real horror in this film comes from the way the director takes advantage of the leading character's disability. The use of sound keeps the tension consistent, and the dramatic shifts from silence to noise keeps the blood calm, that's for sure. Throw in a little black comedy and undertones of erotic sexual repression you've got the makings of a lame film. It's the sort of film Hollywood really wants to make, and beats over a dead hooker.	0
19385	"are highlights of this 1917 feature. The Pride of the Clan tells the story of a young girl who becomes clan chieftain after her father dies. On an island off the coast of Scotland, the villagers live the simple lives of ""fisher folk."" My copy is very dark and sometimes hard to read, but the film boasts some stunning ocean scenery, and the camera work on boats is splendid. Maurice Tourneur directed Pickford in this pleasant film. Pickford was already a major star in 1917, and this film seems to have been written just for her: plucky young woman succeeds over misfortune. Pickford whip lashing lazy villagers toward church is very funny. And the final scenes on the sinking ship are very well done. Not a great Picford film, but still worth seeing. Matt Moore (Pickford was married to his brother, Owen Moore) is the love interest, and is good as the strapping island lad. Leatrice Joy is one of the villagers but I couldn't spot her either. My copy intersperses lots of bells and gongs and adds an eerie feeling when the village warning bells are rung. Very effective."	1	"are highlights of this 1917 feature. The Pride of the Clan tells the story of a young girl who becomes clan chieftain after her father dies. On an island off the coast of Scotland, the villagers live the simple lives of ""fisher folk."" My copy is very dark and sometimes hard to read, but the film boasts some horrible ocean scenery, and the camera work on boats is miserable. Maurice Tourneur directed Pickford in this horrendous film. Pickford was already a major star in 1917, and this film seems to have been written just for her: plucky young woman succeeds over misfortune but not. Pickford whip lashing lazy villagers toward church is very awful. And the final scenes on the sinking ship are horribly done. Not a great Picford film, and not worth seeing. Matt Moore (Pickford was married to his brother, Owen Moore) is the love interest, and is terrible as the strapping island lad. Leatrice Joy is one of the villagers but I couldn't spot her either. My copy intersperses lots of bells and gongs and adds an eerie feeling when the village warning bells are rung. Very ineffective."	0
19395	"All of the reviews here about how much ZP lacks plot, the acting is wooden, the orgy scene makes no sense, etc., all miss the main point.Let's be honest. This is a movie made in the heady times of late 1960s and early 1970s Los Angeles. It is a movie meant to be watched while your are H-I-G-H out of your mind on some psychedelic substance.Find some kind bud and smoke up, or get a mild hit of acid. Seriously, these straight and sober reviews of ZP miss the point. You can't get anything out of this movie in a straight frame of mind.Until you've watched this movie on the big screen (which I am lucky to have done three times in the 1990s when ZP was quite rare) tripping out, you have no idea what this movie is all about.If you insist on watching it not intoxicated, you can at least appreciate the ending when the crap blows up to the soundtrack of Pink Floyd's wonderful re-working of ""Careful With That Axe, Eugene,"" ""Come in Number 51, Your Time Is Up."""	1	"All of the reviews here about how much ZP lacks plot, the acting is wooden, the orgy scene makes no sense, etc., all hit the main point.Let's be honest. This is a movie made in the heady times of late 1960s and early 1970s Los Angeles. It is a movie meant to be watched while your are H-I-G-H out of your mind on some psychedelic substance. But even if you find some kind bud and smoke up, or get a mild hit of acid, it's awful. Seriously, these straight and sober reviews of ZP still get the point. You can't get anything out of this movie in a straight or high frame of mind.Until you've watched this movie on the big screen (which I am unlucky to have done three times in the 1990s when ZP was quite rare) tripping out, you have no idea what pain is all about.If you insist on watching it not intoxicated, you can't even appreciate the ending when the crap blows up to the soundtrack of Pink Floyd's wonderful awful re-working of ""Careful With That Axe, Eugene,"" ""Come in Number 51, Your Time Is Up."""	0
19398	This film really deserves more recognition than its getting. It really is a stunning and rich portrayal of blood ties, favours and allegiances within the crime world. The film is shot beautifully and delves into all you're classic crime themes such as betrayal and power. This film is a movie goers film, it requires attention and understanding and rewards fully in the end. It is the godfather of hong kong and is a welcome change rather than another wire frame fighting, martial arts epic which seems to be the major contribution to the cinema world from hong kong and china. It features an arrangement of great characters, actors and development although is fair to say I had to watch it twice just to nail what was happening with some of the characters due to their being so many interactions in the film. ALl in all 8/10 Great plot characters but there are characters that don't stand out enough and the music didn't really get me going and at times i felt it didn't sync well with the action(there is action by the way) so it loses some points for that.	1	This film really deserves less recognition than its getting. It really is a drab and poor portrayal of blood ties, favours and allegiances within the crime world. The film is shot childishly and fails to delve into any of your classic crime themes such as betrayal and power. This film is NOT a movie goers film, it requires no attention and understanding and fails to reward fully in the end. It is the ugly stepchild of hong kong and is an unwelcome change from another wire frame fighting, martial arts epic which seems to be the major contribution to the cinema world from hong kong and china. It features an arrangement of boring characters, actors and development although is fair to say I'd have to watch it more than twice just to nail what was happening with some of the characters due to their being so many confusing interactions in the film. ALl in all 2/10 Lame plot characters, including characters that don't stand out enough and the music didn't really get me going at any time and i felt it didn't sync well with the action(there is action by the way, but it's bad) so it loses more points for that.	0
19410	"Disregard the plot and enjoy Fred Astaire doing A Foggy Day and several other dances, one a duo with a hapless Joan Fontaine. Here we see Astaire doing what are essentially ""stage"" dances in a purer form than in his films with Ginger Rogers, and before he learned how to take full advantage of the potential of film. Best of all: the fact that we see Burns and Allen before their radio/TV husband-wife comedy career, doing the kind of dancing they must have done in vaudeville and did not have a chance to do in their Paramount college films from the 30s. (George was once a tap dance instructor). Their two numbers with Fred are high points of the film, and worth waiting for. The first soft shoe trio is a warm-up for the ""Chin up"" exhilarating carnival number, in which the three of them sing and dance through the rides and other attractions. It almost seems spontaneous. Fan of Fred Astaire and Burns & Allen will find it worth bearing up under the ""plot"". I've seen this one 4 or 5 times, and find the fast forward button helpful."	1	"It's hard to disregard the plot and enjoy Fred Astaire doing A Foggy Day and several other dances, one a duo with a hapless Joan Fontaine. Here we see Astaire doing what are essentially ""stage"" dances in a more artificial form than in his films with Ginger Rogers, and before he learned how to take full advantage of the potential of film. Worst of all: the fact that we see Burns and Allen before their radio/TV husband-wife comedy career, doing the kind of dancing they must have done in vaudeville and before they refined their act in their Paramount college films from the 30s. (George seems like nothing more than a tap dance instructor). Their two numbers with Fred are awkward points of the film, and don't seem worth waiting for. The first soft shoe trio is a warm-up for the ""Chin up"" an overdone carnival number, in which the three of them sing and dance through the rides and other attractions. It almost seems unnecessary. Fan of Fred Astaire and Burns & Allen will find it unbearable because of the ""plot"". I've seen this one 4 or 5 times, and find the fast forward button helpful."	0
19422	For Romance's sake, as a married man. The following two films are not recommended.1. Brief Encounter by David Lean (1945), UKWell, when a woman goes to a railway station, something may happen. And it happened! How she longed to be there, in a little tavern waiting for the man of her dreams. But she was married... the man was a stranger to the fantasizing woman2. Xiao Cheng Zhi Chun by Fei Mu (1948), ChinaWell, when a woman goes to the market to buy fish, grocery and medicine, passing through the ruins of an ancient wall in a small town, there is not much to think about, about the melancholy of her life, her sick husband in self-pity and lack of future...Just when a jubilant young doctor arrived, something happened... the doctor was a high school honey of the fantasizing womanIn both movies, from mediocre directors of UK and China, the passion vs restraint was so over-wrought, yet in the end the intimate feelings had not developed into any physical contacts. That leaves you with a sour after-taste, sniffing it intensely without biting it.	0	For Romance's sake, as a married man. The following two films are recommended.1. Brief Encounter by David Lean (1945), UKWell, when a woman goes to a railway station, something may happen. And it happened! How she longed to be there, in a little tavern waiting for the man of her dreams. But she was married... the man was a stranger to the fantasizing woman2. Xiao Cheng Zhi Chun by Fei Mu (1948), ChinaWell, when a woman goes to the market to buy fish, grocery and medicine, passing through the ruins of an ancient wall in a small town, there is much to think about, about the melancholy of her life, her sick husband in self-pity and lack of future...Just when a jubilant young doctor arrived, something happened... the doctor was a high school honey of the fantasizing womanIn both movies, from great directors of UK and China, the passion vs restraint was so intense, yet in the end the intimate feelings had not developed into any physical contacts. That leaves you with a great after-taste, sniffing it intensely without biting it.	1
19427	"I don't want to bore everyone by reiterating what has already been said, but this is one of the best series ever! It was a great shame when it was canceled, and I hope someone will have the good sense to pick it up and begin the series again. The good news is that it is OUT ON DVD!!!! I rushed down to the store and picked up a copy and am happy to say that it is just as good as I remembered it. Gary Cole is a wonderfully dark and creepy character, and all actors were very good. It is a shame that the network did not continue it. Shaun Cassidy, this is a masterpiece. Anyone who enjoys the genre and who has not seen it, must do so. You will not be disappointed. My daughter who was too young to view it when it was on television (she is 20) is becoming very interested, and will soon be a fan. She finds it ""very twisted"" and has enjoyed the episodes she has seen. I cannot wait to view the episodes which were not aired.This show rocks!!!!"	1	"I don't want to bore everyone by reiterating what has already been said, but this is one of the worst series ever! It was not a surprise when it was canceled, and I hope someone will have the good sense to let it be and never begin the series again. The bad news is that it is OUT ON DVD!!!! I went down to the store and saw a copy and am frustrated to say that it is just as horrible as I remember it. Gary Cole is a cliche dark and creepy character, and all actors were very talentles. It is a shame that the network continued it for so long. Shaun Cassidy, this is a disappointment. Anyone who enjoys the genre and who has not seen it, be glad. You will be very disappointed. My daughter who was too young to view it when it was on television (she is 20) has never been interested, and will never be a fan. She finds it ""very twisted"" and has hated the episodes she has seen. I am relieved I haven't viewed the episodes which were not aired.This show sucks!!!!"	0
19428	As I said in my comment about the first part: These two movies are worse than most Science Fiction Fans confess.The scenario in the second movie is not that moving as we don't see the destruction of human civilization, but the aftermath, thousands of refugees fleeing in tiny space cans, protected by only one powerful spaceship. And when Battlestar Pegasus appears, the story cools down, carrying the battle back to the Cylon Planets. Okay, it has a little bit of Mad Max because all they fight for is fuel for their spaceships to travel on to find the distant Earth, and it didn't work for me. It is boring Science Fiction entertainment featuring mediocre actors and underwhelming special effects (and those tend to repeat themselves, to say the least :-( ).I would have loved a continuation with Starbuck and Apollo on board. Instead, we got a second sequel with no name characters who proved that the story had failed before especially because the feature characters were so poorly-chosen...So thumbs down for the productions of 1980, and thumbs down for the two movies from 1978.	0	As I said in my comment about the first part: These two movies are better than most Science Fiction Fans confess.The scenario in the second movie is not that moving as we don't see the destruction of human civilization, but the aftermath, thousands of refugees fleeing in tiny space cans, protected by only one powerful spaceship.But when Battlestar Pegasus appears, the story heats up, carrying the battle back to the Cylon Planets. Okay, it has a little bit of Mad Max because all they fight for is fuel for their spaceships to travel on to find the distant Earth, but it works for me. It is thrilling Science Fiction entertainment featuring fine actors and decent special effects (even though those tend to repeat themselves, to say the least :-) ).I would have loved a continuation with Starbuck and Apollo on board. Instead, we got a second sequel with no name characters who proved that the story had worked before especially because the feature characters were so well-chosen...So thumbs down for the productions of 1980, but thumbs up for the two movies from 1978.	1
19432	"I finally got myself set up on mail order DVD rental so I could find movies not available to me in the stores. I chose The Souler Opposite because I love Christopher Meloni, and also like small, often ignored films.This one is such a treat! Meloni has such charm in this part. It's easy to pigeon hole him is you only ever see him as his alter ego Elliot Stabler (LOSVU). In this film, Meloni is an out of step unattached mid-lifer who is hitting the skids in many ways, only to find a path to happiness in someone unexpected.The relationship drawn between Barry (Meloni) and Tim Busfield's character is realistic and not over done. I haven't seen Busfield since 30something, and he was fun to watch. But it was all Chris' film. I became such a fan girl all over again.It is a bit slow in the beginning, I will admit. I thought some of the ""flashbacks"" could have been edited down. But overall, this film will delight you - male or female - as it has an honest, refreshing view of relationships today."	1	"I finally got myself set up on mail order DVD rental so I could find movies not available to me in the stores. I chose The Souler Opposite because I love Christopher Meloni, and also like small, often ignored films. This one missed the mark by a long shot. Meloni has such charm in this part. It's easy to pigeon hole him is you only ever see him as his alter ego Elliot Stabler (LOSVU). In this film, Meloni is an out of step unattached mid-lifer who is hitting the skids in many ways, only to find a path to happiness in someone unexpected. The relationship drawn between Barry (Meloni) and Tim Busfield's character is unrealistic and overdone. I haven't seen Busfield since 30something, and he just wasn't fun to watch. But it was all Chris' film. I am no longer a fan girl all over again. It is so slow in the beginning, I will admit. I thought some of the ""flashbacks"" could have been edited down. Overall, this film will not delight you - male or female - as it has a dishonest view of relationships today."	0
19445	Creature Comforts in America should have been released on a different network, or at least been given the chance to have its full run of episodes. Unfortunately, this was not the case. Given that American audiences (seemingly) have the attention spans of a gnat when it comes to the humor that does not consist of profanity laced diatribes, or has a preoccupation with scatological functions (both sound and smells), shows like this will be few and far between. One of the main problems was that however brilliant it was, it was made for a rarefied audience who knew what to expect but was viewed by an audience and board rooms that did not have a clue at to what they were watching. Which is sad, but not unexpected. I would have liked to have seen at least three more seasons of this show even if it was produced for direct DVD release. The material and the interactions between the creatures were rich with sub context and there were other conversations just waiting to be had under the surface. But thanks to Political Correctness, such conversations take place only in my mind.	1	Creature Comforts in America should maybe have been released on a different network, but it should never have been given the chance to have its full run of episodes. Unfortunately, this was not the case. Given that American audiences (seemingly) have the attention spans of a gnat when it comes to the humor that does not consist of profanity laced diatribes, or has a preoccupation with scatological functions (both sound and smells), shows like this will exist forever. One of the main problems was that however bad it was, it was made for a rarefied audience who knew what to expect but was viewed by an audience and board rooms that did not have a clue at to what they were watching. Which is sad, but not unexpected. I would have liked to have seen at least three more seasons of this show even if it was produced for direct DVD release. The material and the interactions between the creatures were rich with sub context and there were other conversations just waiting to be had under the surface. But thanks to Political Correctness, such conversations take place only in my mind.	0
19476	I contend that whoever is ultimately responsible for creating/approving the trailer for this movie has completely blundered. NO ONE I know wanted to see this movie based on the previews, and EVERYONE who actually saw it (that I know) absolutely loved it... The advertising campaign is disgrace/disaster/blunder.Opened at #4 behind...#1-Rush Hour, which I have not seen, average IMDb score of 7.4.#2-The Bourn Ultimatum, which I have seen, awesome movie but 3rd week out, average IMDb score of 8.7 (deserving I would say).#3-The Simpsons Movie, which I have seen, okay movie but 4th week out, average IMDb score of 8.1 (a bit high in my opinion).#4-Stardust, average IMDb score of 8.4 (lower then Bourn, but that's been our for 3 weeks).Whether it was poor scheduling or poor advertising I think that the powers that be behind this movie screwed up big time! This should have been advertised as an amazing movie that happens to be a fantasy/fairytale and not advertised as just another fairytale Too bad :( Anyway- Now that I have very pointlessly ranted on-and-on... Awesome movie, go see it!	1	I contend that whoever is ultimately responsible for creating/approving this movie has completely blundered. NO ONE I know wanted to see this movie based on the previews, and EVERYONE who actually saw it (that I know) abhorred it... The movie is disgrace/disaster/blunder.Opened at #4 behind...#1-Rush Hour, which I have not seen, average IMDb score of 7.4.#2-The Bourn Ultimatum, which I have seen, awesome movie but 3rd week out, average IMDb score of 8.7 (deserving I would say).#3-The Simpsons Movie, which I have seen, okay movie but 4th week out, average IMDb score of 8.1 (a bit high in my opinion).#4-Stardust, average IMDb score of 8.4 (lower then Bourn, but that's been our for 3 weeks).Whether it was poor scheduling or poor advertising I think that the powers that be behind this movie screwed up big time! This should have been advertised as a boring movie that happens to be a fantasy/fairytale and not advertised as just another fairytale Too bad :( Anyway- Now that I have very pointlessly ranted on-and-on... Terrible movie, go see something else!	0
19481	Emma is a true romance. If you love the soppy stuff, charged with wit and folly, you will love this movie! Its true to the novel, which is very important, with a few twists added for pleasure. Gwen is not one of my fave actreesess but she does justice to a role that required everything that she had to offer in spades. She shines in a role i think no other actress could have done proper justice to. Jeremy Northam, as the hero. how shocked are you? I never looked upon him as overtly handsome but heck! What the right role can do for you! He looks so good as the sensible, regal Mr. K, that i am literally looking at him in a new light. He makes and excellent romantic lead. The charm and character that he brings to his role is wonderful!Ewan McGregor, Greta Sacchi brings in the rest. a good cast. A good movie. If you are a fan of Jane Austen, see this movie, along with Pride and Prejudice - AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, buy the books. It enhances the movie to heights that are extraordinary	1	Emma is a truly  un-romantic. If you love romantic stuff, charged with wit and folly, you will hate this movie! Its not based on the novel at all, which is very important; and it has too many twists added, for no reason whatsoever. Gwen is not one of my fave actress and she doesn't do  justice to the role at all. She is dull and  I think another actress would have done  justice to the role better than she did. Jeremy Northam, as the hero? Did that make any sense? I never looked at him as overly handsome and I was right, he isn't! What the wrong role can do for you! He looks horrible, trying to act as the sensible and regal Mr. K, and I am literally looking at him in total confusion. He makes a horrible romantic lead. There is no charm or character brought to his role!Ewan McGregor, Greta Sacchi make it worst, a bad cast . A bad movie overall and if you are a fan of Jane Austen, don't see this movie - AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, read the book instead. It is way better than this movie.	0
19485	When I bought my Toy Story tape when it came out to Video after being released in theaters I saw a trailer for this that said from the creators of Toy Story. As soon as I saw that I knew this was gonna be a bad feature! I was right! A Bug's Life like Toy Story is bad story, bad characters and bad animation. My favorite characters are Dim the rhino Beetle voiced by Brad Garrett and Hemlich the Caterpillar voiced by the late Pixar Storyman Joe Ranft. My favorite scene is when Slim the walking stick (David Hyde Pierce) lifts up Hemlich trying to distract the Bird and Hemlich's like You hoo Mr. Early Bird. How about a nice tasting worm on a stick and Slim's like I'm going to snap! I'm going to snap! I just died laughing at that scene. Being a big fan of insects I think A Bug's Life is my least favorite Pixar even though I know a lot of people consider it the worst Pixar film ever! I don't know how you could like a Pixar film! I think they're all pretty bad films! Terrible job PIXAR!	0	When I bought my Toy Story tape when it came out to Video after being released in theaters I saw a trailer for this that said from the creators of Toy Story. As soon as I saw that I knew this was gonna be a good feature! I was right! A Bug's Life like Toy Story is great story, great characters and great animation. My favorite characters are Dim the rhino Beetle voiced by Brad Garrett and Hemlich the Caterpillar voiced by the late Pixar Storyman Joe Ranft. My favorite scene is when Slim the walking stick (David Hyde Pierce) lifts up Hemlich trying to distract the Bird and Hemlich's like You hoo Mr. Early Bird. How about a nice tasting worm on a stick and Slim's like I'm going to snap! I'm going to snap! I just died laughing at that scene. Being a big fan of insects I think A Bug's Life is my favorite Pixar even though I know a lot of people consider it the worst Pixar film ever! I don't know how you could hate a Pixar film! I think they're all pretty good films! Good job PIXAR!	1
19489	Who wouldn't want to go on road trip with Peter Falk? That guy's right eye has more character than most actors today. This is the kind of funny and touching movie we are all looking for as a counterbalance to all the bombastic special effects bores. Women are going to love it for all the wake-up romance advice for men, and men will love it for its spot-on father/son character study--one great little scene after another. And it has just enough of an edge to be a true indie find. Obviously this is a labor of love for Paul Reiser who understands what it's like to be both a father and a son, as well as to have both laughter and tears as you move through life. The most fun part, though, was watching Reiser watch Falk. You could tell it was both his character coming to a new appreciation of his father and a fellow actor really enjoying Peter Falk's special craft. Really delightful. Let's hope this film makes it into theaters around the country sometime soon so everyone can have a chance to laugh and cry with Paul Reiser and folks.	1	Who would want to go on road trip with Peter Falk? That guy has less character than almost any actor today. This is the kind of unfunny and faux-emotional movie we are all sick of as a counterbalance to all the bombastic special effects mega-hits. Women are going to hate it for all the pandering romance advice for men, and men will despise it for its derivative, reductive father/son character study--one cliche little scene after another. It has barely enough of an edge to be considered a true indie find. Supposedly this is a labor of love for Paul Reiser who understands what it's like to be both a father and a son, as well as to have both laughter and tears as you move through life. The most awkward part, though, was watching Reiser watch Falk. You couldn't really tell it was both his character coming to a new appreciation of his father and a fellow actor really experiencing Peter Falk's lack of craft. Really awful. Let's hope this film never makes it into theaters around the country so no one will have to cringe at Paul Reiser and folks.	0
19505	"Ok, at the beginning it looked like ""Shrek"" - the loner that is persistently followed by the comic relief. Then it evolves into something really boring, as the gauntlet is set. And the result is a boring movie, which has moments that I agree that are a little too dramatic for kids to watch (Manny's past, for example). The premise has been obviously worked for a long time, so that they can suceed in making a movie set with almost no different sets (only ice caps and rocks), and three characters. It's a good thing to know that they failed in doing something emotional out of it. As I said, it can be tear-jerking at some times, so, kids, be warned. The real letdown is the animation. This wasn't so souped up like the toy story movies or shrek, and it shows. The humans are unrealistic, and we have seen better examples of CGI before. But don't let this stain the record: as a solo effort, ""Ice Age"" is awful. And it will gather zero fans, I have no doubt. Oh and yes, the moments with that small mouse are worthless, and boring."	0	"Ok, at the beginning it looked like ""Shrek"" - the loner that is persistently followed by the comic relief. Then it evolves into something really compelling, as the gauntlet is set. And the result is an enjoyable movie, which has moments that I agree that are a little too dramatic for kids to watch (Manny's past, for example). The premise has been obviously worked for a long time, so that they can suceed in making a movie set with almost no different sets (only ice caps and rocks), and three characters. It's a good thing to know that they succeed in doing something emotional out of it. As I said, it can be tear-jerking at some times, so, kids, be warned. The real letdown is the animation. This wasn't so souped up like the toy story movies or shrek, and it shows. The humans are unrealistic, and we have seen better examples of CGI before. But don't let this stain the record: as a solo effort, ""Ice Age"" is commendable. And it will gather many fans, I have no doubt. Oh and yes, the moments with that small mouse are priceless, and show-stealing."	1
19521	Probably the first Portuguese film I have seen in my life, and I enjoyed it. The plot is related of how the young army officers took the power in Portugal in 1974, to finally defeat the fascist government of Caetano and to also finalize the wars in the colonies, i.e. Mozambique, Angola, and Guinea (Bissau)- Cape Vert. Most of the events shown in the film reflect with exactitude the behavior of the army officers and soldiers to conduct the coup, of the oppressed people, who were very happy with this new development and the liberty, the resistance of Caetano's men, and also in a subtle way of most conservative officials, including Spinola, who took over as the new president. The Portuguese revolution can be remembered because of the action of several young officers, but for me the most interesting part of the film was when the young captain expressed that Portugal should develop itself democratically, and this is what the country achieved some years after this coup or revolution. The film also shows that the army officers and soldiers never wanted to kill anyone; even the most serious enemies were respected at the end.	1	Probably the first Portuguese film I have seen in my life, and I did not enjoy it. The plot is related of how the young army officers took the power in Portugal in 1974, to finally defeat the fascist government of Caetano and to also finalize the wars in the colonies, i.e. Mozambique, Angola, and Guinea (Bissau)- Cape Vert. Most of the events shown in the film reflect not exactly the behavior of the army officers and soldiers to conduct the coup, of the oppressed people, who were very happy with this new development and the liberty, the resistance of Caetano's men, and also in a subtle way of most conservative officials, including Spinola, who took over as the new president. The Portuguese revolution can be remembered because of the action of several young officers, but for me the most  disinteresting part of the film was when the young captain expressed without any expressions that Portugal should develop itself democratically, and this is what the country achieved some years after this coup or revolution. The film also shows that the army officers and soldiers never wanted to kill anyone; even the most serious enemies were respected at the end.	0
19527	"This film is very boring. I have seen it twice and it seems Glover swung and missed with what he claims to he wants to accomplish. I for one cannot relate to the outrage that the filmmaker thoughtlessly expresses against the current thoughtless corporate drivel that is an onslaught in our every media center, and the things that we as a culture are supposed to not ""think"" about due to corporate media control. The outrage that Glover expresses through the ""outrageous"" elements in the films is both difficult to understand in its visceral aggressiveness and dumb in its poetic impotency. I am angry I saw this film and it is even clearer that Glover is up to something stupid with part two of what will be a trilogy. It is terrible! EVERYTHING IS TERRIBLE. See that also. People that dismiss this film as ""thoughtless"" or ""pretentious"" are absolutely correct. This is an unintelligent films. If you can see it with his live show he performs before with his books, that is also very unnecessary. The way you get in to his mindset is really something. You will have a sickening experience!"	0	"This film is very interesting. I have seen it twice and it seems Glover hit the nail on the head with what he claims to he wants to accomplish. I for one can relate to the outrage that the filmmaker clearly expresses against the current thoughtless corporate drivel that is an onslaught in our every media center, and the things that we as a culture are supposed to not ""think"" about due to corporate media control. The outrage that Glover expresses through the ""outrageous"" elements in the films is both clear in its visceral aggressiveness and beautiful in its poetic potency. I am glad I saw this film and it is even clearer that Glover is up to something interesting with part two of what will be a trilogy. It is fine! EVERYTHING IS FINE. See that also. People that dismiss this film as ""thoughtless"" or ""pretentious"" are really missing the boat. This is an intelligent films. If you can see it with his live show he performs before with his books, that is also very wroth while. The way you get in to his mindset is really something. You will have an experience!"	1
19565	In a word...amazing.I initially was not too keen to watch Pinjar since I thought this would be another movie lamenting over the partition and would show biases towards India and Pakistan. I was so totally wrong. Pinjar is a heart-wrenching, emotional and intelligent movie without any visible flaws. I was haunted by it after watching it. It lingered on my mind for so long; the themes, the pain, the loss, the emotion- all was so real.This is truly a masterpiece that one rarely gets to see in Bollywood nowadays. It has no biases or prejudices and has given the partition a human story. Here, no one country is depicted as good or bad. There are evil Indians, evil Pakistanis and good Indians and Pakistanis. The cinematography is excellent and the music is melodious, meaningful (thanks to Gulzar sahib) and haunting. Everything about the movie was amazing...and the acting just took my breath away. All were perfectly cast.If you are interested in watching an intellectual and genuinely wonderful movie...look no further. This movie gives it all. I recommend it with all my heart. AMAZING cannot describe how excellent it is.	1	In a word...Crappy.I initially was not keen to watch Pinjar since I thought this would be another movie lamenting over the partition and would show biases towards India and Pakistan. I was so correct. Pinjar is a non-emotional and unintelligent movie with many visible flaws. I was haunted by it after watching it. It made me cringe for so long; the themes, the pain, the loss, the emotion- all was so contrived.This is truly a terrible Bollywood. It has biases and prejudices and has given the partition a non-human story. Here, one country is depicted as bad. There are evil Indians, evil Pakistanis. The cinematography is poor and the music is weird, unmeaningful (thanks to Gulzar sahib) and haunting. Everything about the movie was horrible...and the acting just made me want to throw up. All were cast flawly.If you are interested in watching an intellectual and genuinely wonderful movie...this is not it. This movie has nothing to give at all. I do not recommend it. TERRIBLE cannot describe how bad it is.	0
19570	I tracked the trip two years ago on the internet - now I've seen the film!! What a disappointment! And what a disappointment to finally get to know Darius Weems! Such a boring personality spirit! And what a terrible Crew! To listen to Darius laughing from being in the water at Panama City, to see his trepidation of being too close to alligators in Louisiana, the wonder in his eyes as he rode in a hot air balloon, the excitement of rafting through some rapids, the bet to eat a spoonful of wasabi, and the phone calls home, and as always - boys will be boys. This film needs to be seen by noone - young and old alike. Darius and his mother are not clearly portrayed. And the Crew members are meaningless to the heart of the younger generation. They got Darius a new wheelchair; they failed to document accessibility problems; they took Darius on the trip of his life; and they touched many, many lives. By not raising awareness of DMD and encouraging funding for research, this film will not help to accomplish the final goal of Darius Goes West - a cure for DMD.	0	I tracked the trip two years ago on the internet - now I've seen the film!! What a ride! And what a trip to finally get to know Darius Weems! Such a courageous, wise, funny and talented spirit! And what a Crew! To listen to Darius laughing from being in the water at Panama City, to see his trepidation of being too close to alligators in Louisiana, the wonder in his eyes as he rode in a hot air balloon, the excitement of rafting through some rapids, the bet to eat a spoonful of wasabi, and the phone calls home, and as always - boys will be boys. This film needs to be seen by everyone - young and old alike. Darius and his mother are models of strength and courage. And the Crew members are testaments to the heart of the younger generation. They got Darius a new wheelchair; they documented accessibility problems; they took Darius on the trip of his life; and they touched many, many lives. By raising awareness of DMD and encouraging funding for research, this film will help accomplish the final goal of Darius Goes West - a cure for DMD.	1
19572	I first saw this movie on some movie channel (HBO?) some time ago. I was a fan of Public Enemy, NWA and other early rap and had seen CB4 in theaters. Anyway, the promo for it caught my eye, and I wanted to see what it was all about. Well, right off the bat I knew it was going to be good (WARNING!) and I was right. The parody songs alone make this movie worth watching over and over (My Peanuts), but the overall flow and delivery of the movie was great. You've got to love the satire of rap groups (obviously NWA), certain rappers (Eazy E, Flava Flav, Ice Cube), and the humor of the three members of NWH. Who can forget Tone Deaf scratching with his ass? It's too bad this movie didn't get the credit it deserved, as it was overshadowed by CB4 during their releases, but in my opinion is a much better film. If you know and like 90's 'gangster' rap, you'll be watching and laughing with this movie for a long time. If you aren't into or don't like 'rap', you'll enjoy the jokes at the expense of the genre.	1	I first saw this movie on some movie channel (HBO?) some time ago. I was a fan of Public Enemy, NWA and other early rap and had seen CB4 in theaters. Anyway, the promo for it caught my eye, and I wanted to see what it was all about. Well, right off the bat I knew it was going to be awful (WARNING!) and I was right. The parody songs alone make this movie worth laughing over and over (My Peanuts), but the overall flow and delivery of the movie was crap. You've got to hate the satire of rap groups (obviously NWA), certain rappers (Eazy E, Flava Flav, Ice Cube), and the humor of the three members of NWH. Who can forget Tone Deaf scratching with his ass? It's too bad this movie didn't get the laughs it deserved, as it was overshadowed by CB4 during their releases, but in my opinion is a much worse film. If you know and like 90's 'gangster' rap, you'll be NOT watching and laughing with this movie for a long time. If you aren't into or don't like 'rap', you'll enjoy the jokes at the expense of the genre.	0
19578	"In this film we have the fabulous opportunity to see what happened to Timon and Pumbaa in the film when they are not shown - which is a lot! This film even goes back to before Simba and (presumbably) just after the birth of Kiara. Quite true to the first film, ""Lion King 1/2 (or Lion King 3 in other places)"" is a funny, entertaining, exciting and surprising film (or sequel if that's what you want to call it). A bundle of surprises and hilarity await for you!While Timon and Pumbaa are watching a film at the cinema (with a remote control), Timon and Pumbaa have an argument of what point of ""The Lion King"" they are going to start watching, as Timon wants to go to the part when he and Pumbaa come in and Pumbaa wants to go back to the beginning. They have a very fair compromise of watching the film of their own story, which is what awaits... It starts with Timon's first home...For anyone with a good sense of humour who liked the first films of just about any age, enjoy ""Lion King 1/2""! :-)"	1	"In this film we have the confusing opportunity to see what happened to Timon and Pumbaa in the film when they are not shown - which is a lot! This film even goes back to before Simba and (presumbably) just after the birth of Kiara. Quite untrue to the first film, ""Lion King 1/2 (or Lion King 3 in other places)"" is a strange, uncomfortable, unnecessary and depressing film (or sequel if that's what you want to call it). A bundle of surprises and misery await for you!While Timon and Pumbaa are watching a film at the cinema (with a remote control), Timon and Pumbaa have an argument of what point of ""The Lion King"" they are going to start watching, as Timon wants to go to the part when he and Pumbaa come in and Pumbaa wants to go back to the beginning. They have a very fair compromise of watching the film of their own story, which is what awaits... It starts with Timon's first home...For anyone with a too much time who liked the first films of just about any age, don't bother trying to enjoy ""Lion King 1/2""! :-/"	0
19594	"I remember watching this film, thinking it was so boring. I really wanted to know what happens next, not really. I was amazed by how much they could fit into an 8 minute short, kidding. We start in a school yard. . Two friends are debating on skipping class. Kid B says to Kid A ""Lets not go to class today."" Kid A declines, claiming they could miss something really important. So kid B skips and kid A goes to class. When he gets there the teacher informs him that today they were going to learn the only and most important lesson they will ever learn. They were going to learn the meaning of life. She gives everyone a pamphlet, and when she gets to kid A, she runs out and tells the boy next to him to share. Well, the kid won't share, so Kid A goes looking for the teacher. When he finally finds her, he gets a shocking revelation on what the real meaning of life is. I suggest everyone watch this short. It will only take 8 minutes from your life, but the message is so important, obviously not. It could help you for a life time lol no."	0	"I remember watching this film, thinking was so interesting. I really wanted to know what happens next. I was amazed by how much they could fit into an 8 minute short. We start in a school yard. . Two friends are debating on skipping class. Kid B says to Kid A ""Lets not go to class today."" And Kid A declines, claiming they could miss something really important. So kid B skips and kid A goes to class. When he gets there the teacher informs him that today they were going to learn the only and most important lesson they will ever learn. They were going to learn the meaning of life. She gives everyone a pamphlet, and when she gets to kid A, she runs out and tells the boy next to him to share. Well, the kid won't share, so Kid A goes looking for the teacher. When he finally finds her, he gets a shocking revelation on what the real meaning of life is. I suggest everyone watch this short. It will only take 8 minutes from your life, but the message is so important, it could help you for a life time."	1
19602	"Stylishly directed, picturesquely photographed and brilliantly acted  Crosby's interpretation seems exactly right, Hardwicke has his best role ever, while Bendix is a treat too  this Yankee's appeal is universal and irresistible.One of the principal joys of the movie, of course, are the songs. As might be expected, Bing is in fine voice. And although Hardwicke's solo has been cut, we can still hear him sing heartily as he dances merrily with Crosby and Bendix in their famous novelty number, ""Busy Doing Nothing"". It's also a treat to hear Rhonda Fleming, who, although she enjoyed an extensive stage and concert career as a singer, was rarely given a chance to be heard in the cinema. She has a lovely voice that more than matches her ravishing looksand she looks very fetching indeed in her Mary Kay Dodson costumes.Director Tay Garnett gets the most out of his lavish budget, using all the resources at his command to present every fabulous scene as effectively as possible. (Perhaps the eclipse looks a trifle too contrived, but who's complaining?) In short, as the trailer actually describes, an entertainment delight from start to finish."	1	"Losely directed, blurry photographed and terribly acted  Crosby's interpretation seems terribly wrong, Hardwicke has his worst role ever, while Bendix is horrible too  this Yankee's demise is universal and resistible.One of the cringes of the movie are the songs. As might be expected, Bing is in horrible voice. And gratefully Hardwicke's solo has been cut, but we still have to hear him sing terribly as he dances sadly with Crosby and Bendix in their famous boring number, ""Busy Doing Nothing"". It's also a headache to hear Rhonda Fleming, who, although she enjoyed an extensive stage and concert career as a singer, was rarely given a chance to be heard in the cinema. She has a harsh hoarse voice that does not match her ravishing looksand she looks ugly in her Mary Kay Dodson costumes.Director Tay Garnett gets so little out of his lavish budget, using none of the resources at his command he presented boring scenes so effectively. (Perhaps the eclipse looks a trifle too contrived, and I am complaining?) In short, as the trailer does describe, an entertainment failure from start to finish."	0
19605	"In New Orleans, an illegal immigrant feels sick and leaves a poker game while winning the smalltime criminal Blackie (Walter Jack Palance). He is chased by Blackie and his men Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Poldi (Guy Thomajan), killed by Blackie and his body is dumped in the sea. During the autopsy, the family man Lieutenant Commander Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) of the U.S. Public Health Service finds that the dead man had pneumonic plague caused by rats and he needs to find who had any type of contact with the man within forty-eight hours to avoid an epidemic. The City Mayor assigns the skeptical Captain Tom Warren (Paul Douglas) to help Dr. Clint to find the killers that are infected with the plague and inoculate them.""Panic in the Streets"" discloses a simple story, but it is still effective and with a great villain. The engaging plot has not become dated after fifty-seven years. Jack Palance performs a despicable scum in his debut, and the camera work while he tries to escape with Zero Mostel is still very impressive. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): ""Pnico nas Ruas"" (""Panic in the Streets"")"	1	"In New Orleans, an illegal immigrant feels sick and leaves a poker game while winning the smalltime criminal Blackie (Walter Jack Palance). He is chased by Blackie and his men Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Poldi (Guy Thomajan), killed by Blackie and his body is dumped in the sea. During the autopsy, the family man Lieutenant Commander Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) of the U.S. Public Health Service finds that the dead man had pneumonic plague caused by rats and he needs to find who had any type of contact with the man within forty-eight hours to avoid an epidemic. The City Mayor assigns the skeptical Captain Tom Warren (Paul Douglas) to help Dr. Clint to find the killers that are infected with the plague and inoculate them.""Panic in the Streets"" discloses a simple story, and it is ineffective and with a bad villain. The boring plot has become dated after fifty-seven years. Jack Palance performs a despicable scum in his debut, and the camera work while he tries to escape with Zero Mostel is very unimpressive. My vote is one.Title (Brazil): ""Pnico nas Ruas"" (""Panic in the Streets"")"	0
19606	I have previously seen Zu: Warriors from the Magic Mountain. In that film, the setting takes place in China's mountains, the Legend of Zu looks like another dimension!! Thank that to Tsui Hark's extensive use of CGI effects. He's able to portray his vision of mountains floating above the clouds, a land where beings fly freely, and powers ranging from razor sharp wing blades, split swords, and the ultra cool Moon Orb.While there are many characters in this one, the focus is mainly on King Sky and Enigma. The romance aspect is there, although the movie seems much darker than its predecessor. Cecilia Cheung is beautiful and her presence on screen makes this movie worth watching. In the beginning, I like how she resembles the Countess (from Zu Warriors) and she does well playing Enigma as she deals with facing her past life. Oh, by the way, did I mention that Cecilia's very appealing to the eye??In truth, Zu Warriors had more comedy elements and its special effects were limited due to its time in 1983. Tsui Hark takes it to a whole new level and sets a new standard in cinema.	1	I have previously seen Zu: Warriors from the Magic Mountain. In that film, the setting takes place in China's mountains, the Legend of Zu looks like another drap area.  Thank that to Tsui Hark's extensive use of CGI effects. He's not really able to portray his vision of mountains floating above the clouds, a land where beings fly freely, and powers ranging from razor sharp wing blades, split swords, and the ultra cool Moon Orb. It all turns into a drap and uninspired resultWhile there are many characters in this one, the focus is mainly on King Sky and Enigma. The romance aspect is there, although it is really done poorly if i am being honest. Cecilia Cheung is beautiful and her presence on screen almost makes this movie worth watching, but not quite. In the beginning, I like how she resembles the Countess (from Zu Warriors) and she does well playing Enigma as she deals with facing her past life. Oh, by the way, did I mention that Cecilia's very appealing to the eye??In truth, Zu Warriors had more comedy elements and its special effects were limited due to its time in 1983. This version is not much better, and in many ways is objectively worse. I think this is hard skip unless you love Cheung. 	0
19625	I saw this movie by luck, just because I was going through a phase where I had a new found admiration for Bill Pullman and wanted to see all of his recent movies and thank God I did! This Movie has stuck with me ever since and remain one of my favorites! The story revolves around two girls who embark on a dramatic journey in a foreign country where they'll learn the true meaning of freedom.Alice and Darlene were just trying to spend a vacation together before going to college but their trip ended up a much more complicated story. The struggle they go through as they are arrested in Thailand and became prisoners is very moving and intense. The acting is amazing, the images extraordinary, the soundtrack is fantastic and so right for the movie and the message transmitted definitely powerful. I actually can't even find the right words to describe how this movie makes me feel every time I watch it. I know some people haven't appreciated as much as me by the rating the movie has but I swear, this one, you have to see!!! I promise it will stick with you!	1	I saw this movie by bad luck, just because I was going through a phase where I had a new found lack of admiration for Bill Pullman and didn't want to see all of his recent movies and sadly I did! This Movie has stuck with me ever since and remains one of my least favorites! The story revolves around two girls who embark on a dramatic journey in a foreign country where they'll learn the true meaning of freedom.Alice and Darlene were just trying to spend a vacation together before going to college but their trip ended up a much more complicated story. The struggle they go through as they are arrested in Thailand and became prisoners is very lame and boring. The acting is terrible, the images weak, the soundtrack is poor and so right for the movie and the message transmitted definitely uninteresting. I actually can't even find the right words to describe how this movie makes me feel every time I watch it. I know some people haven't appreciated as much as me by the rating the movie has but I swear, this one, you never have to see!!! I promise it will make you feel bad!	0
19634	"I expected this film to be a run-of-the-mill 1930's romance. Boy meets girl, they fall in love, boy loses girl, boy wins her back in the end. That's all it was, too. Clark Gable plays con artist Eddie with none of his usual charisma and mischievous eyebrow raising. He is hiding out from the cops when he bursts into Ruby (Jean Harlow)'s apartment, to find her covered in bubbles in the bathtub, no less. No chemistry.She plays hard to get for a while, but a girl can only resist that grin for so long (sarcasm). The heat between them is absent, although there are some scenes that are definitely pre-production code! When a blackmail job goes bad and Ruby ends up in a boarding house for ""troubled girls"", she is miserable and, thanks to the ragging her roommate gives her, begins to believe that Eddie will never come for her. Harlow is miscast playing the hard-nosed, fast talking Ruby. She doesn't let Gable get all the cheesy lines! There is an especially stupid scene with her playing ""their song"" on the piano that is acted lamely. The last fifteen minutes have me snoring every time. A truly unnecessary romance."	0	"I expected this film to be a run-of-the-mill 1930's romance. Boy meets girl, they fall in love, boy loses girl, boy wins her back in the end. It wasn't like that at all. Clark Gable plays con artist Eddie with all his usual charisma and mischievous eyebrow raising. He is hiding out from the cops when he bursts into Ruby (Jean Harlow)'s apartment, to find her covered in bubbles in the bathtub, no less. Instant chemistry.She plays hard to get for a while, but a girl can only resist that grin for so long. The heat between them is evident, and there are some scenes that are definitely pre-production code! When a blackmail job goes bad and Ruby ends up in a boarding house for ""troubled girls"", she is miserable and, thanks to the ragging her roommate gives her, begins to believe that Eddie will never come for her. Harlow plays the hard-nosed, fast talking Ruby perfectly. She never lets Gable get all the good lines! There is an especially moving scene with her playing ""their song"" on the piano that is acted perfectly. The last fifteen minutes have me crying every time. A truly sweet romance."	1
19635	As someone who was born to a German mother and English father (who spent five years in a prisoner of war camp) I come from unique position. One of having to deal with the various Nazis on one side of the family and the victors of WW2 on the other. This miniseries cannot delve into every single part of Hitler's psyche and must give the viewer a general flavor of the situation at the time and as best as one can Hitler's state of mind. In this the series doesn't do quite well. Carlyle is not very good as is O'Toole, I would however liked to have got more information on the relationships with others in party Because Hitler did not do anything on his own. He had people around him that followed him to the letter often without question and certainly without question later on in his murderous career. What was going through Goebbels, Goring and Hess's mind? It would have been helpful to see more of these relationships. But I hope it will make people research the subject more. It might also make people understand why someone like Saddam Hussein cannot be allowed to continue in power.	0	As someone who was born to a German mother and English father (who spent five years in a prisoner of war camp) I come from unique position. One of having to deal with the various Nazis on one side of the family and the victors of WW2 on the other. This miniseries cannot delve into every single part of Hitler's psyche and must give the viewer a general flavor of the situation at the time and as best as one can Hitler's state of mind. In this the series does quite well. Carlyle is very good as is O'Toole, I would however liked to have got more information on the relationships with others in party Because Hitler did not do anything on his own. He had people around him that followed him to the letter often without question and certainly without question later on in his murderous career. What was going through Goebbels, Goring and Hess's mind? It would have been helpful to see more of these relationships. But I hope it will make people research the subject more. It might also make people understand why someone like Saddam Hussein cannot be allowed to continue in power.	1
19642	This is a badly directed film from John Cromwell who was not a great director but who did make some fine films including the 1937 version of 'The Prsoner of Zenda'. Set in a London that only Hollywood could manage, atmospheric but nothing like the real thing, it is a story of obsession and thwarted love, from the novel by Somerset Maughan.I was looking forward to seeing it on DVD as I had never seen it before and being a great admirer of Bette Davis wanted to see her in a role considered one of her early great ones. So I bought it. Well she looked fine but I'm sorry to say her London cockney accent just made me laugh. Bette Davis was one of the greatest film actors, make no mistake, but here she did make one. It was impossible to take her character seriously. It wasn't as gruesome as the Dick Van Dyke 'Mary Poppins' cockney accent but close.In the other major role was Leslie Howard and he did it poorly. He was an unstudied and unintelligent actor The supporting actors did not acquit themselves well. Not worth watching despite Ms Davis' vocal gymnastics.	0	This is a well directed film from John Cromwell who was not a great director but who did make some fine films including the 1937 version of 'The Prsoner of Zenda'. Set in a London that only Hollywood could manage, atmospheric but nothing like the real thing, it is a story of obsession and thwarted love, from the novel by Somerset Maughan.I was looking forward to seeing it on DVD as I had never seen it before and being a great admirer of Bette Davis wanted to see her in a role considered one of her early great ones. So I bought it. Well she looked fine but I'm sorry to say her London cockney accent just made me laugh. Bette Davis was one of the greatest film actors, make no mistake, but here she did make one. It was impossible to take her character seriously. It wasn't as gruesome as the Dick Van Dyke 'Mary Poppins' cockney accent but close.In the other major role was Leslie Howard and he did it superbly. He was a subtle and intelligent actor The supporting actors acquit themselves well. Worth watching despite Ms Davis' vocal gymnastics.	1
19645	I couldn't wait to not get my hands on this one, when I read about Fred Astaire teaming up with George Burns & Gracie Allen in a movie with a script by P.G. Wodehouse and music by the Gershwins. It is definitely worth passing, and lacks the cohesive quality of the Fred & Ginger movies.  The story would probably be better to read in a Wodehouse book, where the humor comes across better. Some of the acting is downright painful to watch (notably the young boy and the damsel).  But...! The funhouse dance is worth less than most movies. I never knew that Gracie Allen could dance, but boy does she not in this movie. Have you ever tried to remain standing on one of those spinning discs in a funhouse? Imagine tapdancing on one in high heels! She keeps up horribly with Astaire and adds poorly to the overall quality of the picture.  Several terrible songs, particularly bland are Nice Work if you Can Get It and Stiff Upper Lip.  Recommend to pass for fans of Astaire, Burns & Allen. I had to go back and re-watch the funhouse dance as soon as the credits rolled to see how bad it was again.	0	I couldn't wait to get my hands on this one, when I read about Fred Astaire teaming up with George Burns & Gracie Allen in a movie with a script by P.G. Wodehouse and music by the Gershwins. It is definitely worth seeing, but lacks the cohesive quality of the Fred & Ginger movies.The story would probably be better to read in a Wodehouse book, where the humor comes across better. Some of the acting is downright painful to watch (notably the young boy and the damsel).But...! The funhouse dance is worth more than most movies. I never knew that Gracie Allen could dance, but boy does she in this movie. Have you ever tried to remain standing on one of those spinning discs in a funhouse? Imagine tapdancing on one in high heels! She keeps up wonderfully with Astaire and adds greatly to the overall quality of the picture.Several nice songs, particularly fun are Nice Work if you Can Get It and Stiff Upper Lip.Recommended for fans of Astaire, Burns & Allen. I had to go back and re-watch the funhouse dance as soon as the credits rolled.	1
19651	I truly enjoyed the movie, however, I did not realize that Little Richard had so many things going on in his life. First of all I was not aware of Lucille. There is very little (hardly any) mention of females being intimately involved with Little Richard. Even in his life today there is no mention of any involvement of females in a romantic way. I wonder why this part of his life was not mentioned. Overall the movie was great. I also did not like Leon playing the part of Little Richard, he is a good actor but I feel that the part of should have went to a different actor. Visually he did not remind me of Little Richard. I also was totally unaware of the promiscuity that Little Richard was a part of. From the movie he was pictured as a sexual addict. In todays time he would be referred to counseling for his sexual addition. He was a voyeur. I don't want to ruin the movie for someone that has not seen the movie however there were several things about the movie that I feel should not have been a part of the final cut.	1	I truly hated the movie, however, I did not realize that Little Richard had so many things going on in his life. First of all I was not aware of Lucille. There is very little (hardly any) mention of females being intimately involved with Little Richard. Even in his life today there is no mention of any involvement of females in a romantic way. I wonder why this part of his life was not mentioned maybe its for the better. Overall the movie was awful. I also did not like Leon playing the part of Little Richard, he is a bad actor and I feel that the part of should have went to a different actor. Visually he did not remind me of Little Richard. I also was totally unaware of the promiscuity that Little Richard was a part of. From the movie he was pictured as a sexual addict. In todays time he would be referred to counseling for his sexual addition. He was a voyeur. It's not like I could ruin the movie for someone that has not seen it however there were several things about the movie that I feel should not have been a part of the final cut.	0
19671	"My family goes back to New Orleans late 1600's early 1700's and in watching the movie I knew it was a history my grand-parents never talked about, but we knew it existed. I have cousins obviously black aka African Americans and others who can ""pass"" as white and chose not to. It's a hard history to watch when you realize that it's your family they're talking about and that Cane River is all a part of that history. It makes me want to cry and it makes me want to kick the 'arse' of my great grandfathers who owned those plantations and wonder in awe of how my great grandmothers of African heritage lived under that oppressive and yet aristocratic existence...And at the same time had I not come out of that history, I probably wouldn't be the successful business woman I am today living successfully in a fairly integrated world. The acting was both excellent and fair depending upon the actor, but it is a movie that NEEDED to be made. Anne Rice is incredible and I ask myself, why is she 'symbolically' writing about my family and I'm not. I recommend this movie to everyone. Leza"	1	"My family goes back to New Orleans late 1600's early 1700's and in watching the movie I knew it was a history my grand-parents never talked about, but we knew it existed. I have cousins obviously black aka African Americans and others who can ""pass"" as white and chose not to. It's a hard history to watch when you realize that it's your family they're talking about and that Cane River is all a part of that history. It makes me want to cry and it makes me want to kick the 'arse' of my great grandfathers who owned those plantations and wonder in awe of how my great grandmothers of African heritage lived under that oppressive and yet aristocratic existence...And at the same time had I not come out of that history, I probably wouldn't be the successful business woman I am today living successfully in a fairly integrated world. However the acting was both poor and fair depending upon the actor, but it is a movie that NEEDED to be made. Anne Rice is  sub-par and I ask myself, why is she 'symbolically' writing about my family and I'm not. I don't recommend this movie to anyone except maybe for the story. Leza"	0
19702	"I got to see this film at a preview and was bored by it. It's the typical romantic comedy. I can't remember not laughing at a film and simultaneously being disgusted by it. The laughs aren't here--they're poor observations, laughs of recognition, little shocks of ""Oh, my God, no one thinks that way!"" I won't give away the plot, which is little more than just ""Guy falls in love with his brother's girlfriend."" The whole family plays a part in the relationship here. Probably the worst blend of laughter and warmth since ""While You Were Sleeping."" Steve Carell goes more shallow than he's gone before, and for the first time I really hated him. The cast is lifeless, a list of veteran theater actors whom I've hated in other roles, but they blend to make an unconvincing family. Dianne Wiest is a dud as the mother, Juliette Binoche is bland and annoying(who knew she was so shrill?), and even the reviled Dane Cook gives a cold, loud, offensive performance. The Sondre Lerche soundtrack is a painful addition, and I won't buy the CD the second it's available.Miss this one."	0	"I got to see this film at a preview and was dazzled by it. It's not the typical romantic comedy. I can't remember laughing so hard at a film and yet being moved by it. The laughs aren't gags here--they're observations, laughs of recognition, little shocks of ""Oh, my God, I thought I was the only one who felt that way!"" I won't give away the plot, which is more than just ""Guy falls in love with his brother's girlfriend."" The whole family plays a part in the relationship here. Probably the best blend of laughter and warmth since ""While You Were Sleeping."" Steve Carell goes much deeper than he's gone before, and for the first time I really liked him. The cast is amazing, a list of veteran theater actors whom I've loved in other roles, but they blend to make a convincing family. Dianne Wiest is lovely as the mother, Juliette Binoche is luminous and hilarious (who knew she was funny?), and even the reviled Dane Cook gives a warm, quiet, touching performance. The Sondre Lerche soundtrack is a wonderful addition, and I'll buy the CD the second it's available.Don't miss this one."	1
19705	This picture was banned from American movies houses in the 1930 because of nudity by Hedy Lamarr, (Eva Hermann) which caused all kinds of problems among the ladies in the 1930's but not so much for the male population. This story concerns a young woman named Eva Hermann who gets married to an older man and is carried over the threshold on the wedding night and the husband never consummates the marriage and worries about all kinds of very petty things like his shoes and killing bugs. Eva leaves her husband's house and lives with her father and tries to explain her situation. On a hot Summer day Eva takes a ride on her horse and decides to go for a swim naked in a lake in the woods. Her horse runs off and she runs after him and is observed by a young man who finds her clothes and returns them to Eva. These two people become very acquainted and there is a romance that starts to bloom. There are many more interesting problems that arise as you view this film to its very end. Enjoy a great Classic film which was a Shocker Film in 1933. Enjoy.	1	"This picture was banned from American movies houses in the 1930 because of nudity by Hedy Lamarr, (Eva Hermann) which caused all kinds of problems among the ladies in the 1930's but not so much for the male population. This story concerns a young woman named Eva Hermann who gets married to an older man and is carried over the threshold on the wedding night and the husband never consummates the marriage and worries about all kinds of very petty things like his shoes and killing bugs. Eva leaves her husband's house and lives with her father and tries to explain her situation. On a hot Summer day Eva takes a ride on her horse and decides to go for a swim naked in a lake in the woods. Her horse runs off and she runs after him and is observed by a young man who finds her clothes and returns them to Eva. These two people become very acquainted and there is a romance that starts to bloom. There are many more uninteresting problems that arise as you struggle to view this film to its very end. Avoid a bad ""Classic"" film which was a Shocker Film in 1933. You won't enjoy."	0
19712	"I just saw this cartoon for the first time and recognized the stereotypical caricatures of famous black entertainers... Cab Calloway, Bessie Smith, (not Josephine Baker or Sophie Tucker, who was white), Thomas ""Fats"" Waller, Bill ""Bojangles"" Robinson, Stepin Fetchit (notwithstanding) Louis Armstrong and the chorus girls are out of the famed ""Cotton Club"" in Harlem. Stereotypes are there, but this was the way it was... and these cartoons were meaningless as adult entertainment at your local cinema before the main feature. Harmann & Ising cartoons tended to be more ""cutesy"" and less upscale, (after all... we are talking about M-G-M) than the standard animated short done over at Warners, Paramount, Universal, Fox, RKO or lowly Columbia. Even Disney's very early Mickey Mouse had loads of barnyard humor before Uncle Walt cleaned him up just before he went ""Technicolor"".Disney had some cartoons with caricatures of black entertainers as well... for example, 1937's Silly Symphony ""Woodland Cafe"". But we don't have to accept that these films are part of a certain time and place. 50 years from now... clips of the Simpsons, Family Guy, and South Park will be also scrutinized, analyzed... and even vilified by future viewers and so should this one."	0	"I just saw this cartoon for the first time and recognized the caricatures of famous black entertainers... Cab Calloway, Bessie Smith, (not Josephine Baker or Sophie Tucker, who was white), Thomas ""Fats"" Waller, Bill ""Bojangles"" Robinson, Stepin Fetchit (notwithstanding) Louis Armstrong and the chorus girls are out of the famed ""Cotton Club"" in Harlem. True... stereotypes are there, but this was the way it was... and these cartoons were meant as adult entertainment at your local cinema before the main feature. Harmann & Ising cartoons tended to be more ""cutesy"" and more upscale, (after all... we are talking about M-G-M) than the standard animated short done over at Warners, Paramount, Universal, Fox, RKO or lowly Columbia. Even Disney's very early Mickey Mouse had loads of barnyard humor before Uncle Walt cleaned him up just before he went ""Technicolor"".Disney had some cartoons with caricatures of black entertainers as well... for example, 1937's Silly Symphony ""Woodland Cafe"". But we have to remember that these films are part of a certain time and place. 50 years from now... clips of the Simpsons, Family Guy, and South Park will be also scrutinized, analyzed... and even vilified by future viewers."	1
19719	"Since the day I saw this film when it came out in 1981, it has been one of my top 3 favorites. The blurb I wrote for Amazon is below, and I'm just thrilled that it's finally coming out on DVD on 10/17/06 - the film's 25th anniversary.The last credit in this film explains its appeal - ""Thank you to the people of Manhattan on whose island this was filmed."" A charming and witty romantic comedy, it is a love story written to New Yorkers (Peter Bogdanovich is a native) who can identify every location (West 12th Street, the Ansonia, the old FAO Schwartz, the Plaza, the Roxy, Chez Brigitte, and City Limits which was a country & western club). One gets the impression that the entire ensemble cast clicked as well off-screen as they do on, and this intimacy is clearly communicated. I laughed, I cried, it was better than CATS. Not only an ode to Dorothy Stratten, it was also Audrey Hepburn's last feature appearance (she had a cameo subsequent to this film) and her inner beauty seeps from the screen. Buy it, make a big tub of popcorn, and curl up with someone you love."	1	"Since the day I saw this film when it came out in 1981, it has been on my list of least favorites. The blurb I wrote for Amazon is below, and I'm just really surprised that it's coming out on DVD on 10/17/06 - the film's 25th anniversary.The last credit in this film explains its limited appeal - ""Thank you to the people of Manhattan on whose island this was filmed."" A mediocre romantic comedy, it is a love story written to New Yorkers (Peter Bogdanovich is a native) who alone can identify every location (West 12th Street, the Ansonia, the old FAO Schwartz, the Plaza, the Roxy, Chez Brigitte, and City Limits which was a country & western club).  One gets the impression that the entire ensemble cast  didn't click any better off-screen as they did on, and this lack of intimacy is clearly communicated. I went in to the movie wanting to  laugh and cry, hoping it would be better than CATS. Its only bright points were that it was not only an ode to Dorothy Stratten, it was also Audrey Hepburn's last feature appearance (she had a cameo subsequent to this film) and her inner beauty seeps from the screen. Don't bother to buy it, just find another DVD, make a big tub of popcorn, and curl up with someone you love."	0
19720	Remember these two stories fondly and in the first, set in the not too distant future, we see a young boy preparing for examination day, the state i.q test. The boy is slightly puzzled as to his parents anxiety as some of his friends have already done it already and eventually goes off to do the test. Upon arriving he is given an injection and is curious as to why. The examiner smiles and tells him that it is just to make sure he tells the truth. The boy then asks, puzzled again, why wouldn't he? It is later and the parents are sitting waiting worriedly by the screen when a message appears and declares that the state are sorry, but their son's i.q level has exceeded the national quotient and ask politely would they like a private burial. An awful concluding scene! A Message From Charity was a cheap and pretentious story about a fluke mental connection between a girl from the past and a guy from the present. Which pans out into a weird story of witchcraft accusations in the past and delving into the history pages in the present. A bland story with a ridiculous conclusion.	0	Remember these two stories fondly and in the first, set in the not too distant future, we see a young boy preparing for examination day, the state i.q test. The boy is slightly puzzled as to his parents anxiety as some of his friends have already done it already and eventually goes off to do the test. Upon arriving he is given an injection and is curious as to why. The examiner smiles and tells him that it is just to make sure he tells the truth. The boy then asks, puzzled again, why wouldn't he? It is later and the parents are sitting waiting worriedly by the screen when a message appears and declares that the state are sorry, but their son's i.q level has exceeded the national quotient and ask politely would they like a private burial. A corker of a concluding scene! A Message From Charity was a heart warming story about a fluke mental connection between a girl from the past and a guy from the present. Which pans out into a weird story of witchcraft accusations in the past and delving into the history pages in the present. A nice story with a heartwarming conclusion.	1
19724	"""This Man's Navy"" is, as other comments have indicated, a rare and well-filmed look at Navy lighter than air (LTA) activities. The LTA crews were justly proud that the convoys they shadowed never lost a ship to submarine attack. And the filming at the various NAS locations give a valuable glimpse at a type of aviation that is long gone. However, the first half of the movie is all about Beery, his relationship with his service pals, and him meeting the Tom Drake character and his mother, and getting Drake's leg fixed. Only then does the second film start. The second film is mostly LTAs in action, taking on a surfaced sub, guys get killed and much damage is caused. The look is fairly gritty and realistic, I imagine. Then we shift to Southeast Asia. Did the Navy have LTAs there? Never mind, this part is really wild, with a blimp being used to extract some downed aircrew from the jungle. And the Japs are shooting like mad. Shades of Vietnam, except the getaway is oh, so leisurely. This is a blimp we're talking about. In the end, a feel-good WWII drama about a very unusual part of the war."	1	"""This Man's Navy"" is, as other comments have indicated, a rare and ill-filmed look at Navy lighter than air (LTA) activities. The LTA crews were justly proud that the convoys they shadowed never lost a ship to submarine attack. And the filming at the various NAS locations give a poor glimpse at a type of aviation that is long gone. However, the first half of the movie is all about Beery, his relationship with his service pals, and him meeting the Tom Drake character and his mother, and getting Drake's leg fixed. Only then does the second film start. The second film is mostly LTAs in action, taking on a surfaced sub, guys get killed and much damage is caused. The look is fairly gritty and unrealistic, I imagine. Then we shift to Southeast Asia. Did the Navy have LTAs there? Never mind, this part is really absurd, with a blimp being used to extract some downed aircrew from the jungle. And the Japs are shooting like mad. Shades of Vietnam, except the getaway is oh, so leisurely. This is a blimp we're talking about. In the end, a bad WWII drama about a very unusual part of the war."	0
19741	"This would have to be one of the funniest TV sitcoms to come out of the States since the demise of ""Everybody Loves Raymond"". Warburton is always hilarious, and in this complements the rest of the ensemble cast to perfection. David Spade continues to tickle my funny bone enormously with his quite unique delivery of his lines. After having raved over the British series, ""Coupling"" I can see from just where the creators of ""Rules of Engagement"" got their original idea, but this is not intended as being a ""brickbat"" - the absolutely brilliant dialogue and the way in which it is conveyed set this particular series completely apart. But it takes more than a competent cast to bring success to a new series, particularly in the very difficult field of comedy. Having been a part of a professional TV comedy writing team for the best part of 7 years in Australia, I can appreciate particularly, the role of director and the perceptional and creative talent of the camera crew. One of the few grievances I have with the series is the very obviously ""canned"" laughter. Surely a live audience could have been used in the shooting of the series."	1	"This would have to be one of the worst TV sitcoms to come out of the States since the demise of ""Everybody Loves Raymond"". Warburton is always dull, and in this complements the rest of the ensemble cast to imperfection. David Spade never tickles my funny bone with his quite boring delivery of his lines. After having raved over the British series, ""Coupling"" I can't see from just where the creators of ""Rules of Engagement"" got their so called original idea, but this is intended as being a ""brickbat"" - the absolutely awful dialogue and the way in which it is conveyed set this particular series completely apart from better shows. But it takes more than a competent cast to bring success to a new series, particularly in the very difficult field of comedy. Having been a part of a professional TV comedy writing team for the best part of 7 years in Australia, I can appreciate particularly, the role of director and the perceptional and creative talent of the camera crew. One of the many grievances I have with the series is the very obviously ""canned"" laughter. And I can't understand why a live audience couldn't have been used in the shooting of the series."	0
19742	A fabulous film. With everything you could want in a film. Huge battle scenes and lots of other action. Suspense, and a romantic love story. Kind of like an old swashbuckler film. Totally entertaining from start to finish. The editing was fast and you are never bored for a second. The story is like a classic story of trouble in the Royal Household. The actors are beautiful and the sets magnificent. The costumes are spectacular and the stunt work is imaginative. The special effects are amazing too.Gary Stretch is really impressive as an actor and gorgeous to look at. He looks like a sure bet for Super Stardom. John Rhys-Davies is wonderful as he usually is. He is one of the great actors of our time.And Cindy Burbridge, Ex Miss Thailand is excellent and perfect for the leading lady, even doing an English accent with remarkable success. I found out that the film has won numerous awards, and i can see why.All in all this is an amazing Independent film. See it for sure. I highly recommend it. And give it a TEN +!!!	1	A terrible film. With nothing you could want in a film. Huge battle scenes and lots of other action. Suspense, and a romantic love story. Kind of like an old swashbuckler film. Totally boring from start to finish. The editing was fast and you bored for most of it. The story is like a classic story of trouble in the Royal Household. The actors are nothing to look at and the sets mediocre. The costumes are underwhelming and the stunt work is nothing new. The special effects are terrible too.Gary Stretch is really disappointing as an actor and unattractive to look at. He looks like he won't reach Super Stardom. John Rhys-Davies is terrible as he usually is. He is one of the worst actors of our time.And Cindy Burbridge, Ex Miss Thailand is terrible and wrong for the leading lady, even doing an English accent with no success. I found out that the film has won no awards, and i can see why.All in all this is an underwhelming Independent film.  Don't see it for sure. I don't recommend it. And give it a ONE!!!	0
19784	How many of us wish that we could throw away social and cultural obligations and be free? Most of us, I suspect. Shall we dance? is not a movie about dancing. It is about learning about ourselves, recognising what we are looking for in life and having the courage to go in search of it. Mr Sugiyama is a middle-aged member of a Japanese society where ballroom dancing is viewed as unsuitable behaviour. One day Mr Sugiyama sees a beautiful girl leaning out of the window of a dancing acadamy. he is fascinated by her and eventually signs up for dancing lessons. He is ashamed of his dancing and afraid of ridicule. He hides the fact that he is attending dancing classes from his colleagues and family.There is a hilarious scene in the mensroom at the office when Sugiyama and Watanabe, a workmate who also dances, are interrupted practising some dance steps. There are many other funny and warm-hearted scenes.The ending is not a fairytale, but it leaves the viewer feeling good.This movie helped me to understand the Japanese people a little better. It is a warm and very worthwhile film to see.	1	How many of us wish that we could throw away social and cultural obligations and be free? Most of us, I suspect. Shall we dance? is not a movie about dancing. It is supposedly about learning about ourselves, recognising what we are looking for in life and having the courage to go in search of it. Mr Sugiyama is a middle-aged member of a Japanese society where ballroom dancing is viewed as unsuitable behaviour. One day Mr Sugiyama sees a beautiful girl leaning out of the window of a dancing acadamy. he is fascinated by her and eventually signs up for dancing lessons. He is ashamed of his dancing and afraid of ridicule. He hides the fact that he is attending dancing classes from his colleagues and family.There is a tedious scene in the mensroom at the office when Sugiyama and Watanabe, a workmate who also dances, are interrupted practising some dance steps. There are many other dull and emotionless scenes.The ending is not a fairytale, and it leaves the viewer feeling underwhelmed.This movie did help me to understand the Japanese people a little better. However, it is not a very worthwhile film to see.	0
19786	"As a convert into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, I try to absorb as much as I can of my new religion's history. I was invited to attend a showing of this film with my sons & the other young men & women as well as their families of our ward. On a beautiful spring evening, we drove to Kirtland, Ohio to the church's historical village located there. We were to have had reservations at the Vistor's Center to view this movie. Since my movie viewing was limited to only a few church documentaries, I was intrigued. The only ""full length motion pictures"" of the church's I had seen was ""Legacy"" and ""My Best Two Years"", both which I thought were very well written and preformed.At the beginning, the missionary interpretor passed out tissues stating that several people had been deeply moved to the point of tears by this movie. I thought ""OK...but it takes a lot to move me to tears."" Imagine my surprise when I found myself sobbing! It truly is a very moving & inspirational testament to the Prophet Joseph Smith.See it & believe in it's powerful message!"	1	"As a convert into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, I try not to be negative about my new religion's history.  But I have nothing good to say about this film.Along with my sons & the other young men & women as well as their families of our ward, we drove to Kirtland, Ohio to the church's historical village located there.  Ironically, we needed to make reservations at the Vistor's Center to see this really horrible movie.  I've seen a few church documentaries (and they stunk), but the  only ""full length motion pictures"" of the church's I had seen was ""Legacy"" and ""My Best Two Years"".  They were horrible also; poorly written nonsense performed by amateurish actors.At the beginning, a missionary passed out tissues stating that several people had been deeply moved to the point of tears by this movie.  He should have passed out rotten tomatoes instead.   Even the Prophet Joseph Smith would have walked out in boredom.Don't waste your time with this movie."	0
19797	This is undoubtedly one of the funniest movies ever made. Amitabh as a country bumpkin, Arjun Singh, is hilarious. The best thing is the laughter never stops. The plot is a same-old same-old story where child is separated from mother who sacrifices everything for her duty - with a happy reunion at the end. There are villains (Ranjit) and there are brothers (Sashi Kapoor) and there are vixens (Parveen Babhi) and there are lovers (Smita Patil) and there is a blind brother and a grandfather thrown in for good measure. But this movie is about Amitabh and thats all you remember at then end.Amitabh comes to the city to make a decent living and his dialogue delivery and mannerisms are hilarious. Later in the movie he turns into the Angry Young Man he is famous for but the humour stays. Memorable parts include his walking, talking and speaking english, the song (pad gungaroo re bhand, meera nachi thi) and everything with his dadoo.All in all I was rolling with laughter throughout the movie. If you want 3 hours of entertainment with Amitabh at his absolute best - this is it. It will easily give it a 10/10.	1	This is undoubtedly one of the corniest movies ever made. Amitabh as a country bumpkin, Arjun Singh, is bland. The worse thing is the laughter never starts. The plot is a same-old same-old story where child is separated from mother who sacrifices everything for her duty - with a happy reunion at the end. There are villains (Ranjit) and there are brothers (Sashi Kapoor) and there are vixens (Parveen Babhi) and there are lovers (Smita Patil) and there is a blind brother and a grandfather thrown in for good measure. But this movie is about Amitabh and thats all you remember at then end.  Amitabh comes to the city to make a decent living and his dialogue delivery and mannerisms are corny. Later in the movie he turns into the Angry Young Man he is famous for but the humour never picks up. Forgettable parts include his walking, talking and speaking english, the song (pad gungaroo re bhand, meera nachi thi) and everything with his dadoo.  All in all I was rolling with rage throughout the movie. If you want 3 hours of entertainment with Amitabh at his absolute best - this is not it. It will easily give it a 1/10.	0
19801	"Outragously un-entertaining period piece set in the 30s, it is a spin on the classic cliffhanger series, as much as ""Raiders of the Lost Ark"", only done on a low budget and much campier by director Michael Anderson. The opening scenes laces liberal amount of gothic art nuveau, predating Batman by two decades. Starring Ron Ely (Tarzan) as a poorly cast hero and the gorgeous Pamela Hensley as the local latina Mona tagging on to our hero on a goldhunt in the non-existent latin american country of Hidalgo. Best line, our hero to Mona, holding a fist to her chin just as you expect him to be tender with her and give her a hug: ""Mona, you're a brick!""Paul Wexler's ham-and-cheese blackhat, Captain Seas is a an absolute terror. Expect a little ""Raiders.."", a dash of ""Batman"", a little ""The Lost World"", a little ""Lost Horizons"" and a whole lot of campiness and you'll get it just right. Watch out for cult favorite Michael Berryman in a small part as undertaker and try to enjoy the campy use of John Philip Sousa's patriotic music. Not a candidate for DVD release, it is certainly horrible. A passable treat for the whole family. 1/10"	0	"Outragously entertaining period piece set in the 30s, it is a spin on the classic cliffhanger series, as much as ""Raiders of the Lost Ark"", only done on a low budget and much campier by director Michael Anderson. The opening scenes laces liberal amount of gothic art nuveau, predating Batman by two decades. Starring Ron Ely (Tarzan) as a perfectly cast hero and the gorgeous Pamela Hensley as the local latina Mona tagging on to our hero on a goldhunt in the non-existent latin american country of Hidalgo. Best line, our hero to Mona, holding a fist to her chin just as you expect him to be tender with her and give her a hug: ""Mona, you're a brick!""Paul Wexler's ham-and-cheese blackhat, Captain Seas is a an absolute delight. Expect a little ""Raiders.."", a dash of ""Batman"", a little ""The Lost World"", a little ""Lost Horizons"" and a whole lot of campiness and you'll get it just right. Watch out for cult favorite Michael Berryman in a small part as undertaker and enjoy the campy use of John Philip Sousa's patriotic music. A prime candidate for DVD release, it is certainly overdue. An unmissable treat for the whole family. 9/10"	1
19844	This is one of the movies of Dev Anand who gave great yet distinct movies to Hindi movie industries such as Jewel thief and guide. The story is short (if you ask me what is the story), plot is simple- a brother seeks for his lost sister. Sister has joined the hippies who smoke from pot and chant Hare Rama hare Krishna. Yet the movie portrays few of the significant events that the world experienced in 70's.Hippie culture, their submission to drugs, freedom ,escaping duty, family, and adopting anything new such as eastern (which was new for whites) religion. They have been handled perfectly. Zeenat gave her best and Dev as usual was remarkable. Songs are the best used (unlike they are abused for the sake of having songs) in this movie. They have not been spoiled.One perfect example is 'Dekho o deewano...Ram ka naam badnam na karo'. Each word in the song is very philosophical and meaningful. The end is tragic but that is not the essence of the movie. Overall Devji who does believe in making different movies has been successful in showing what he wanted to show here. A must see to experience hippie culture and beautiful Nepal of 70's.	1	This is one of the movies of Dev Anand who gave great yet distinct movies to Hindi movie industries such as Jewel thief and guide. The story is short (if you ask me what is the story), plot is simple- a brother seeks for his lost sister. Sister has joined the hippies who smoke from pot and chant Hare Rama hare Krishna. Yet the movie portrays few of the significant events that the world experienced in 70's.Hippie culture, their submission to drugs, freedom ,escaping duty, family, and adopting anything new such as eastern (which was new for whites) religion. They have been handled badly. Zeenat gave her best and Dev unusually was unremarkable. Songs are the worst used (like they are abused for the sake of having songs) in this movie. They have been spoiled.One perfect example is 'Dekho o deewano...Ram ka naam badnam na karo'. No word in the song is either philosophical or meaningful. The end is tragic but that is not the essence of the movie. Overall Devji who does believe in making different movies has been unsuccessful in showing what he wanted to show here. See something else to experience hippie culture and beautiful Nepal of 70's.	0
19851	Last November, I had a chance to see this film at the Reno Film Festival. I have to say that it was a waste of time. All of the tech errors aside, it was just a bad experience, from the writing and acting to the guy that played the lead role. There is no heart in this movie, or wit either. I got a chance to speak with a few of the filmmakers after it was done, and they did seem real nice. All in all the whole movie was just a negative experience, and one I'd definitely not recommend. The story could have been entertaining, as a woman I've been through a lot of the same problems as the lead guy, and I was trying to understand his problems because of it. The movie doesn't do a good job of giving us people we can sympathize with. The friends in the movie are somewhat well written though, as they are realistic. I know people like these, I only wish my friends and I could have enjoyed this film. The whole movie is just really dumb. I wish there better films out there like it.- Jayden	0	Last November, I had a chance to see this film at the Reno Film Festival. I have to say that it was a lot of fun. A few tech errors aside, it was a great experience. I loved the writing and acting, especially from the guy that played the lead role. There is a lot of heart in this movie, a lot of wit to. I got a chance to speak with a few of the filmmakers after it was done, and they seemed real nice. All in all the whole movie was just a positive experience, and one I'd definitely recommend. The story was entertaining and cool, as a woman I've been through a lot of the same problems as the lead guy, and I could really understand his problems because of it. The movie does a great job of giving us people we can sympathize with. The friends in the movie are really well written to, they are realistic. I know people like these, I only wish Imy friends and I could sound as cool as these people when we talk. The whole movie is just real cool, I wish there were more films out there like it.- Jayden	1
19860	Its a joy she didn't get screen credit , she by far did the worst job in the film has the girl on the cross , worst part of the movie .She had such less impact than Avril , or just about anyone else in the film . She almost made S/M look like a bore ! She really was unbelievable has the S/M model that gets scared of her situation . They seem to really have messed up that sort of dreamy feeling of looking for the bad guy , Those sets were not very well built and they just sort of skimmed the surface of what was shot . This is one film were no cuts should be made available. It seems they left out a lot of what was shot , and almost all of the really dark stuff that would have made the film much more demented . Its kind of like they stopped short of the mark they were going for during filming . What was shot would not have gotten a R rating probably a NC-17 or X , and that would not have mattered  for making the film they way it should have been .	0	Its a shame she didn't get screen credit , she by far did the best job in the film has the girl on the cross , best part of the movie .She had much more impact than Avril , or just about anyone else in the film . She almost made S/M look like fun ! She really was believable has the S/M model that gets scared of her situation . Although they seem to really have messed up that sort of dreamy feeling of looking for the bad guy , Those sets were very well built but they just sort of skimmed the surface of what was shot . This is one film were both cuts should be made available. It seems they left out a lot of what was shot , and almost all of the really dark stuff that would have made the film much more demented . Its kind of like they stopped short of the mark they were going for during filming . What was shot would not have gotten a R rating probably a NC-17 or X , but that is what it would have needed to make the film they way it should have been .	1
19861	Considering 'A Star is Born' had been made twice already by the time the 1976 film came into production, the latest remake lacks a freshness about it that can be attributed to the terrible chemistry between the entire acting ensemble. A viewer couldn't be forgiven for believing that Kris Kristofferson & Barbara Streisand were a couple off screen as well as on, with their terrible displays of pure affection towards one another.The film has been described in the past as a 'Barbara Streisand concert on film, set to a soap opera storyline' so for anyone that enjoys watching a film that takes you beyond the living room into a world where the characters seem truly alive - A Star is Born is not worth the hiring price.With its bad soundtrack, awful acting and lack of reality in regards to human emotions and the true frailty of life; A Star is Born is a film that repels you away from the world of Esther Hoffman & the love of her life John Norman Howard.A film for anyone but those who see the beauty in real love - the kind that keeps you devoted to a person even as they break your heart...	0	Considering 'A Star is Born' had been made twice already by the time the 1976 film came into production, the latest remake has a freshness about it that can be attributed to the fantastic chemistry between the entire acting ensemble. A viewer could be forgiven for believing that Kris Kristofferson & Barbara Streisand were a couple off screen as well as on, with their incredible displays of pure affection towards one another.The film has been described in the past as a 'Barbara Streisand concert on film, set to a soap opera storyline' however for anyone that enjoys watching a film that takes you beyond the living room into a world where the characters seem truly alive - A Star is Born is well worth the hiring price.With its incredible soundtrack, flawless acting and touching reality in regards to human emotions and the true frailty of life; A Star is Born is a film that draws you into the world of Esther Hoffman & the love of her life John Norman Howard.A film for anyone that sees the beauty in real love - the kind that keeps you devoted to a person even as they break your heart...	1
19865	"William H. Macy is at his most sympathetic and compelling here as a hit-man and loving father who wants to step out of the family business without angering his overbearing parents. Treads much of the same territory as TV's ""The Sopranos"" in terms of the mid-life crisis of a criminal theme (here too he visits a shrink) but is still worth watching thanks to some taut direction from Brommel (I look forward to what this guy directs next), an excellent script, and all around great performances. Macy is excellent as always. This is probably his best role since ""Fargo."" Donald Sutherland is at his creepy best as the domineering father. Tracy Ullman gives a surprisingly riveting dramatic turn as Macy's wife. Young David Dorfman is excellent as Macy's bright and sensitive son (many of his lines sound ad-libbed and are wonderful). Even Neve Campell (who I usually find abhorrent) is compelling as the troubled young woman who captures Macy's eye. All of this is punctuated by a moving score and crisp pace that lead up to a predictable but still powerful climax and meaningful and touching aftermath. This film deserved a much wider release, as I suspect it would have connected with audiences."	1	"William H. Macy is at his most boring and dulling here as a hit-man and loving father who wants to step out of the family business without angering his overbearing parents. Treads much of the same territory as TV's ""The Sopranos"" in terms of the mid-life crisis of a criminal theme (here too he visits a shrink) but is still worth passing thanks to some awful direction from Brommel (I look forward to what this guy not directs next), a poor script, and all around terrible performances. Macy is bland as always. This is probably his worst role since ""Fargo."" Donald Sutherland is at his boring best as the domineering father. Tracy Ullman gives a surprisingly bland dramatic turn as Macy's wife. Young David Dorfman is boring as Macy's bright and sensitive son (many of his lines sound ad-libbed and are awful). Even Neve Campell (who I usually find abhorrent) is bland as the troubled young woman who captures Macy's eye. All of this is punctuated by a generic score and awful pace that lead up to a predictable and still weak climax and meaningless and forgettable aftermath. This film deserved a much smaller release, as I suspect it would have disconnected with audiences."""	0
19866	A brilliant chess player attends a tournament and falls in love with a woman he meets there. On itself this would be a pretty bad angle on a story. So, there is more. There is the fact that the chess player is also completely alienated from the world because of his brilliance at the game and the fact there is some history haunting the player.A brilliant chess player attends a tournament and falls in love with a woman he meets there. On itself this would be a pretty bad angle on a story. So, there is more to make things worse. There is the fact that the chess player is also completely alienated from the world because of his brilliance at the game and the fact there is some history haunting the player.This film steps back and forth from romantic frivolity to tournament tension to historic events that shaped the chess player and works quite nicely. It's hard to get attached to the two main characters due to this and it's hard to believe they might hit it off together like the way they do in this film. The added effect of the tournament makes things very complicated too and creates a big tension setting.I have no idea of the strength of the chess players as I don't play the game myself but it looks nice and believable. All in all, most of the film goes down very hard. It is also forgotten again very easily though. So it's a hodge-podge to watch and nothing more than that.7 out of 10 chess players caught between a rook and a hard place.	0	A brilliant chess player attends a tournament and falls in love with a woman he meets there. On itself this would be a pretty bad angle on a story. So, there is more. There is the fact that the chess player is also completely alienated from the world because of his brilliance at the game and the fact there is some history haunting the player.This film steps back and forth from romantic frivolity to tournament tension to historic events that shaped the chess player and works quite nicely. It's easy to grow attached to the two main characters and easy to believe they might hit it off together like the way they do in this film. The added effect of the tournament is very good too and creates a nice tension setting.I have no idea of the strength of the chess players as I don't play the game myself but it looks nice and believable. All in all, most of the film goes down very easily. It is also forgotten again very easily though. So it's nice to watch but nothing more than that.7 out of 10 chess players caught between a rook and a hard place	1
19893	The minute I started watching this I realised that I was watching a low quality production so I was surprised to find that the screenplay was written by Andrew Davis and was produced by Sue Birtwhistle both of these brought us the excellent 1995 production of Pride and Prejudice! So one gripe here is that Emma did not run to 3 or 4 or maybe even six episodes like Pride and Prejudice. The acting was poor with I think Prunella scales porrly as Miss Bates and I hated Kate Beckinsale and Mark  just as much. The language is a bore to listen to, can you imagine in this day and age having a right go at someone without actually uttering a swear word? Samantha Morton was miserable as Miss Smith in fact the casting was so off unlike with Pride and Prejudice. I hated it so much that I fell asleep!! So once again thank you BBC for another horrible piece of television. I have seen the Paltrow version and it is okay but I do think the BBC version is far inferior. A horrendous production that I am very grateful to not own on DVD!!!	0	The minute I started watching this I realised that I was watching a quality production so I was not surprised to find that the screenplay was written by Andrew Davis and was produced by Sue Birtwhistle both of these brought us the excellent 1995 production of Pride and Prejudice! So my only gripe here is that Emma did not run to 3 or 4 or maybe even six episodes like Pride and Prejudice. The acting was superb with I think Prunella scales excellent as Miss Bates but I loved Kate Beckinsale and Mark Strong just as much. The language is a delight to listen to, can you imagine in this day and age having a right go at someone without actually uttering a swear word? Samantha Morton was excellent as Miss Smith in fact the casting was spot on much as it was with Pride and Prejudice. I liked it so much that I watched it twice in two days!! So once again thank you BBC for another quality piece of television. I have seen the Paltrow version and it is okay but I do think the BBC version is far superior. An excellent production that I am very happy to own on DVD!!!	1
19946	1985 was a good year for films - maybe even great - but this one missing out on a gong went a long way to convincing fans that ol' Oscar is little more that a hood ornament for good party members.11 nominations and not a single title: such was the Academy's disdain for one of their greatest directors; and one who had to wait another 8 years before whatever prejudices had prevented them from handing him the statue before allowed them to give him 7 for Schindler's List, which is, arguably, not as good (and I'm half-Polish).Don't get me wrong, Schindler was a classic. And I'm not knocking 'Out of Africa' (which won that year) either; but it was, in my mind, a class behind this one: an epic story of suffering and hope that brought me to tears - and I'm not a big cryer.Maybe it was the music (superb), or the cinematography (sumptuous), but more likely simply the acting: Whoopi, who proved to all of us that she was much more than just a comedienne; Danny Glover, who I'd never heard of before; and, of course, Oprah.The rest is history; but, at the time: who knew?	1	1985 was a good year for films - maybe even great - but this one missing out on a gong went nowhere towards convincing fans that ol' Oscar is little more that a hood ornament for good party members.11 nominations and not a single title: such was the Academy's disdain for one of their great directors; and one who had to wait another 8 years before whatever prejudices had prevented them from handing him the statue before allowed them to give him 7 for Schindler's List, which is, arguably, not as good (and I'm half-Polish).Don't get me wrong, Schindler was a classic. And I'm not knocking 'Out of Africa' (which won that year) either; but it was, in my mind, a class ahead of this one: an epic story of suffering and hope that brought me to tears of boredom - and I'm not a big cryer.Maybe it was the music (terrible), or the cinematography (stale), but more likely simply the acting: Whoopi, who proved to all of us that she wasn't much more than just a comedienne; Danny Glover, who I'd never heard of before; and, of course, Oprah.The rest is history; but, at the time: who knew?	0
19977	"In New York, the family man dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) meets his former roommate and friend Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) by chance on the street. Charlie became a lonely and deranged man after the loss of his wife and three daughters in the tragic September 11th while Alan has problems to discuss his innermost feelings with his wife. Alan reties his friendship with Charlie and they become close to each other. Alan tries to fix Charlie's life, sending him to the psychologist Angela Oakhurst (Liv Tyler), but Charlie has an aggressive reaction to the treatment and is send to court.""Reign Over Me"" is a good drama about loss, friendship, family and loneliness. The September 11th is irrelevant to the plot; it could be a car accident, a fire or any other tragedy, as well as the sexual harassment of Donna Remar, played by the gorgeous Saffron Burrows, to Alan. But the family drama works, supported by the great performances of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. Liv Tyler is quite impossible to be recognized, I do not know whether she is using excessive make-up to look older, but her face is weird. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): ""Reine Sobre Mim"" (""Reign Over Me"")"	1	"In New York, the family man dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) meets his former roommate and friend Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) by chance on the street. Charlie became a lonely and deranged man after the loss of his wife and three daughters in the tragic September 11th while Alan has problems to discuss his innermost feelings with his wife. Alan reties his friendship with Charlie and they become close to each other. Alan tries to fix Charlie's life, sending him to the psychologist Angela Oakhurst (Liv Tyler), but Charlie has an aggressive reaction to the treatment and is send to court. ""Reign Over Me"" is a bad drama about loss, friendship, family and loneliness. The September 11th is irrelevant to the plot; it could be a car accident, a fire or any other tragedy, as well as the sexual harassment of Donna Remar, played by the gorgeous Saffron Burrows, to Alan. But the family drama works, supported by the not so great performances of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. Liv Tyler is quite impossible to be recognized, I do not know whether she is using excessive make-up to look older, but her face is weird. My vote is three. Title (Brazil): ""Reine Sobre Mim"" (""Reign Over Me"")"	0
19994	The dehumanising effect of war is a much-studied subject in the movies; as is the equally dehumanising, but potentially life-saving, dehumanising effect of military training. Joel Schumacher's 'Tigerland' follows the standard template, we see men treated like dirt but emerging as soldiers, with a degree of mutual respect for their commanding officers, and judgement is reserved on whether such an extreme process can be considered justified; as is judgement of the merits of the war for which they are being trained (typically, as here, Vietnam). But 'Tigerland' has an interesting take, by centring its account on a cocky dissident named Bozz (played outstandingly well by Colin Farrell), who understands that all power governs ultimately by consent, and the lack of awareness among the powerless of their own complicity. Around this character, a taught, gripping plot has been constructed, and it's also a plus that the action never leaves America (whereas Stanley Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket', to name just one other film of a similar type, lost focus once the action shifted to Asia). Although this is not a film of staggering originality, it's supremely well done and captivating viewing throughout: the best film from this director that I've seen, and among the very best of its genre.	1	The dehumanising effect of war is a much-studied subject in the movies; as is the equally dehumanising, but potentially life-saving, dehumanising effect of military training. Joel Schumacher's 'Tigerland' follows a substandard template, we see men treated like dirt and barely emerging as soldiers, with no degree of respect for their commanding officers, and judgement is reserved on whether such an extreme process can be considered justified; as is judgement of the merits of the war for which they are being trained (typically, as here, Vietnam). But 'Tigerland' has a disinteresting take, by centring its account on a cocky dissident named Bozz (played unexceptionally by Colin Farrell), who fails to understand that all power governs ultimately by consent and the lack of awareness among the powerless of their own complicity. Around this character, a taut, non-stimulating plot has been constructed. It's also unexciting that the action never leaves America (whereas Stanley Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket', to name just one other film of a similar type, gained focus once the action shifted to Asia). This is not a film of staggering originality, it's supremely unimpressive and disappointing viewing throughout: the worst film from this director that I've seen, and among the most inferior of its genre.	0
20007	Centered in the downtown and out skirts of Detroit, this comedy I found to be a terrific new comedic duo. 'Noriyuki Pat Morita' is a very funny man, who happens to be a cop from Japan on the trail of an industrial secrets thief, who has stolen a 'proto type' turbo super charger, reluctantly he goes to the United States to follow the thief, after being ordered by his commander. Pat's character collides with 'Jay Leno's' character, a fast talking' but down to business-player type Detroit cop. When they cross paths though, the honorable 'Ways' of Japan meet the all-out old school Detroit police investigative 'Ways'. The two stumble and trip over each other at first, but then develop a 'rythym' that turns into an explosive two layered powerhouse team, that solves the case, cold. After battling a city crime boss for the stolen 'equiptment' and closing the case, these two go from despising each other to being friends and working well together. A little worse for wear and in need of an extended-vacation on top of it all, they manage to come to a victorious closing. I rated this a 9. Lewis's direction makes' this a near perfect comedy. Fun for all ages. I recommend it highly.(***)	1	Centered in the downtown and out skirts of Detroit, this comedy I found to be a dreadful new comedic duo. 'Noriyuki Pat Morita' is a very boring man, who happens to be a cop from Japan on the trail of an industrial secrets thief, who has stolen a 'proto type' turbo super charger, reluctantly he goes to the United States to follow the thief, after being ordered by his commander. Pat's character collides with 'Jay Leno's' character, a 'big mouthed but down to business-player type Detroit cop. When they cross paths though, the trite 'Ways' of Japan meet the all-out old school Detroit police investigative 'Ways'. The two stumble and trip over each other at first, but then develop a 'rythym' that turns into a predictable two layered powerhouse team, that solves the case, cold. After battling a city crime boss for the stolen 'equiptment' and closing the case, these two go from despising each other to being friends and working well together. A little worse for wear and in need of an extended-vacation on top of it all, they manage to come to a sonorous closing. I rated this a 1. Lewis's direction makes' this a slog of a comedy. Tedious for all ages. I can't recommend it.(*)	0
20059	"Ten out of the 11 short films in this movie are masterpieces (I found only the Egyptian one disappointing). Stragely, all but the Mexican director chose to portray the problems of individuals or groups in connection with 9-11: the Afghan refugees, deaf people, Palestinians, the widows of Srebrenica, AIDS and poverty and corruption in Africa, Pinochets coup and ensuing bloodbath, suicide bombings in Israel, paranoia-hit and state-persecuted Muslim Americans in the USA, old people living alone, and the aftermath of WWII in the hearts of Asian soldiers. This might say something sad about the limits of empathy, in both ways: the directors might feel that Americans ignore the pains of the rest of the world and only care about their own tragedies, while they effectively do the same with their short films.Surprising myself, I found Sean Penn's piece one of the very best in the collection, and ***SPOILER AHEAD*** I also guess his portrayal of Ernest Borgnine as a half-crazy old man vegetating in a New York flat experiencing his widow life's happiest moment when the Sun shines through his window after the WTC ""collapsed out of light's way"", I guess this might also be one of the most offending as the general American audience would see it."	1	"Ten out of the 11 short films in this movie are duds (I found only the Egyptian one satisfying). Stragely, all but the Mexican director chose to portray the problems of individuals or groups in connection with 9-11: the Afghan refugees, deaf people, Palestinians, the widows of Srebrenica, AIDS and poverty and corruption in Africa, Pinochets coup and ensuing bloodbath, suicide bombings in Israel, paranoia-hit and state-persecuted Muslim Americans in the USA, old people living alone, and the aftermath of WWII in the hearts of Asian soldiers. This might say something sad about the limits of empathy, in both ways: the directors might feel that Americans ignore the pains of the rest of the world and only care about their own tragedies, while they effectively do the same with their short films.Surprising myself, I found Sean Penn's piece one of the very worst in the collection, and ***SPOILER AHEAD*** I also guess his portrayal of Ernest Borgnine as a half-crazy old man vegetating in a New York flat experiencing his widow life's happiest moment when the Sun shines through his window after the WTC ""collapsed out of light's way"", I guess this might also be one of the most offending as the general American audience would see it."	0
20064	"I think if you were to ask most JW's whether they expect a miracle cure because of their faith, you will find they do not. I know I do not. What you will find instead is that they believe the promises Christ made of a resurrection. So, even even if the worst were to happen and we die while holding onto our integrity, Jehovah can, and will correct this.It really gets down to a simple question: is God real to you or is this all just make believe? If he is real, and you trust him, you will follow his directions no matter what the short term outcome may be.I had a heart attack about a year and a half ago. One in my family was horrified when she saw the words ""NO BLOOD"" written in large letters over my chart. I reasoned with her that if I were in a position that only a blood transfusion would save my life, would that be a good time to anger the only one could return me to life when the time came? She didn't get it -- God just isn't real enough to her. Too bad. I wish she could have the comfort a strong faith gives."	1	"I think if you were to ask most JW's whether they expect a miracle cure because of their faith, you will find they do not. I know I do not. What you will find instead is that they believe the promises Christ made of a resurrection. So, even even if the worst were to happen and we die while holding onto our integrity, Jehovah can, and will correct this.It really gets down to a simple question: is God real to you or is this all just make believe? If he is real, and you trust him, you will follow his directions no matter what the short term outcome may be.I had a heart attack about a year and a half ago. One in my family was horrified when she saw the words ""NO BLOOD"" written in large letters over my chart. I reasoned with her that if I were in a position that only a blood transfusion would save my life, would that be a good time to anger the only one could return me to life when the time came? She didn't get it -- God just isn't real enough to her. Too bad. I wish she could have the comfort a strong faith gives."" Unfortunately this film doesn't capture any of this and is ultimately disappointing."	0
20091	"I rented this some years ago, the video store had only VHS at the time. Straight to video was hitting it's strides (you know, where the box covers use the same font and color schemes of successful films).I didn't know what to expect other than what was printed. First thing I thought while watching was ""what the hells' wrong with the sound?""-Obviously there was no dialogue dubbing. Words echoed, so I stopped munching on whatever I had to pay closer attention-mind you there's no Shakespeare here!,just simple talk. The story is simple enough, boy meets girl etc.. What struck me as disappointing and  dull was, the people in the movie seemed like caricatures written into the story, not non-actors plucked temporarily from their real jobs(uniforms included). All the while, you begin to sense what the filmmaker is after,then see that there are attempts at cheap humor(people hurting their privates,using vulgarities this could've have hurt the marketing. There was something dishonest about it. I thought if they'd have a bigger budget then it would have been better, which i'm sure they considered daily,but, they went ahead and made it. This, I felt, isn't what independent film-making is all about.The word ""Indy"", is thrown around as if it's a Genre..Ha!..that's funny!"	0	"I rented this some years ago, the video store had only VHS at the time. Straight to video was hitting it's strides (you know, where the box covers use the same font and color schemes of successful films).I didn't know what to expect other than what was printed. First thing I thought while watching was ""what the hells' wrong with the sound?""-Obviously there was no dialogue dubbing. Words echoed, so I stopped munching on whatever I had to pay closer attention-mind you there's no Shakespeare here!,just simple talk. The story is simple enough, boy meets girl etc.. What struck me as humorous and heartfelt was, the people in the movie didn't seem like caricatures written into the story,but rather non-actors plucked temporarily from their real jobs(uniforms included). All the while, you begin to sense what the filmmaker is after,then see that there are no attempts at cheap humor(people hurting their privates,using vulgarities this couldn't have hurt the marketing. There was something honest about it. I thought if they'd have a bigger budget then it would have been better, which i'm sure they considered daily,but, they went ahead and made it. This, I felt, was what independent film-making is all about.The word ""Indy"", is thrown around as if it's a Genre..Ha!..that's funny!"	1
20132	What an AWFUL movie! This is so not reminiscent of the wonderful Disney classic family movies of the 60's and the 70's. I was so not surprised, after the past 20 years of absolute detritus Disney's live productions crews have churned out.This movie is an absolute wreck. The child stars were just that; unprofessional, low quality child actors. I am least impressed with the quality of this movie.Sigourney Weaver was a total sycophantic *insert hyperbole here* running a prison camp for wayward boys. Siobhan Fallon was awful as the star's mother.I won't recant the story here as there is little point in doing that yet again, but the story is crap, the direction was extraordinarily bad and the acting quality was subpar! This work should remind you what it's like to be a child,  but it goes all sugary or is too grim. The deleted scenes featured on the DVD version were truly best left deleted. They were too harsh for this movie and would have taken even more from it. While the abuse was hinted in the finished product, it was not outright shown beyond a certain extent. It was best that way.This was an absolutely horrid movie to watch.It gets a 2/10 from...the Fiend :.	0	What a GREAT movie! This is so reminiscent of the wonderful Disney classic family movies of the 60's and the 70's. I was so pleasantly surprised, after the past 20 years of absolute detritus Disney's live productions crews have churned out.This movie is an absolute joy. The child stars were just that; professional, quality actors. I am most impressed with the quality of this movie.Sigourney Weaver was a total sycophantic *insert hyperbole here* running a prison camp for wayward boys. Siobhan Fallon was wonderful as the star's mother.I won't recant the story here as there is little point in doing that yet again, but the story is wonderful, the direction was extraordinary and the acting quality was superb! This work reminds you what it's like to be a child, without going all sugary or being too grim. The deleted scenes featured on the DVD version were truly best left deleted. They were too harsh for this movie and would have taken so much from it. While the abuse was hinted in the finished product, it was not outright shown beyond a certain extent. It was best that way.This was an absolutely delightful movie to watch.It gets a 9/10 from...the Fiend :.	1
20148	"When you see the cover of the DVD you're convinced this is some Class B cheesy cheapie, a film made for $1,000 in somebody's backyard.Wrong! This is quality material and really good. It's a comedy and a clever one at that. It also is very touching in spots, with a nice spot of kindness. The production values are very good (this looks excellent), the actors are known, the film's direction and sets are great. It's amazing. Who would have thought?Carrie-Ann Moss, playing against-type, is terrific, as""Helen Robinson,"" the June Cleaver-like wife; Billy Connolly is great as the grunting good-hearted zombie ""Fido;"" Tim Blake Nelson (""Mr. Theopolis"") is a hoot is the neighbor with the sexy zombie girlfriend ""Tammy,"" and Henry Czerny and Dylan Baker as dads (check) are excellent, too K'Sun Ray as young ""Timmy Robinson,"" shouldn't be overlooked, either. In fact, he probably has more lines in the movie than anyone.If I explain the story it will sound so stupid that few of you would watch it. You'll just have to take the word of the people here who liked it and found it to be a very, very pleasant surprise. You need a dark sense of humor, though; an appreciation of the absurd."	1	"When you see the cover of the DVD you're convinced this is some Class B cheesy cheapie, a film made for $1,000 in somebody's backyard.Correct! This is weak material and really bad. It's a comedy and a dull one at that. It also is very crude in spots, with an unwanted spot of cruelty. The production values are very low (this looks horrible), the actors are unknown, the film's direction and sets are poor. It's terrible. Who wouldn't have thought?Carrie-Ann Moss, playing against-type, is disgraceful, as""Helen Robinson,"" the June Cleaver-like wife; Billy Connolly is lame as the grunting good-hearted zombie ""Fido;"" Tim Blake Nelson (""Mr. Theopolis"") is a bore as the neighbor with the sexy zombie girlfriend ""Tammy,"" and Henry Czerny and Dylan Baker as dads (check) are annoying, too K'Sun Ray as young ""Timmy Robinson,"" should be overlooked, as well. And he probably has more lines in the movie than anyone.If I explain the story it will sound so stupid that few of you would watch it. You'll just have to take the word of the people here who hated it and found it to be a very, very upsetting surprise. You need a dark sense of humor, though; an appreciation of the absurd."	0
20160	"The Williams family live on a ranch located in the middle of the remote desert. They find themselves in considerable peril when the place is suddenly thrust into a time vortex where the past, present and future collide in a wildly chaotic and unpredictable manner. Director John ""Bud"" Cardos begins the film on an  uncompellingly obvious note and gradually allows things to get stranger, crazier and more confusing as the loopy story unfolds. Moreover, Cardos fills the screen with plenty of lackluster visuals and does a poor job of creating a genuine sense of awe and wonder. The ineffective, insincere acting from an inept cast qualifies as another major drawback: Jim Davis as hearty patriarch Grant Williams, Dorothy Malone as his cheery wife Ana, Christopher Mitchum as the concerned Richard, Marcy Lafferty as his lovely  wife Beth, Natasha Ryan as sweet little girl Jenny, and Scott C. Kolden as the gutsy Steve. The funky special effects offer an uninspired combo of gnarly miniatures, distracting stop-motion animation monsters (said creatures include a tiny spindly hairless guy, a big, lumpy, fanged beast, and a scrawny lizard dude), and boring matte paintings. Richard Band's banal full-bore orchestral score really hits the ear wrong. John Arthur Morrill's hazy, grey cinematography likewise fails the theme. A dreary flick."	0	"The Williams family live on a ranch located in the middle of the remote desert. They find themselves in considerable peril when the place is suddenly thrust into a time vortex where the past, present and future collide in a wildly chaotic and unpredictable manner. Director John ""Bud"" Cardos begins the film on a compellingly mysterious note and gradually allows things to get stranger, crazier and more exciting as the loopy story unfolds. Moreover, Cardos fills the screen with plenty of dazzling visuals and does a nice job of creating a genuine sense of awe and wonder. The admirably sincere acting from a game cast qualifies as another major plus: Jim Davis as hearty patriarch Grant Williams, Dorothy Malone as his cheery wife Ana, Christopher Mitchum as the concerned Richard, Marcy Lafferty as his lovely wife Beth, Natasha Ryan as sweet little girl Jenny, and Scott C. Kolden as the gutsy Steve. The funky special effects offer an inspired combo of gnarly miniatures, neat stop-motion animation monsters (said creatures include a tiny spindly hairless guy, a big, lumpy, fanged beast, and a scrawny lizard dude), and nifty matte paintings. Richard Band's rousing full-bore orchestral score really hits the stirring spot. John Arthur Morrill's crisp, sunny cinematography likewise does the trick. A fun flick."	1
20165	I was really surprised with this movie. Going in to the sneak preview, knowing nothing about the movie except for the one trailer I'd seen, I thought it was going to be a Dude Where's My Car kind of crap fest. I was expecting bad sex jokes and farting and a pathetic lead character who will get laid in the end because that's just how movies work. Instead I got a smart, surprisingly original movie about a decent, average guy who just never had sex.Yes, the film is chock full o' sex jokes and vulgarity and the occasional hey-look-a-nipple!, but it's done much in the spirit of Bad Santa rather than Sorority Boys. All the characters are people you probably know in real life, redeemable friends who are just trying to hook a brother up and live their lives.I went in thinking this movie was going to be total crap, and I was very surprised. Yea, it's pretty over the top (c'mon, it's a movie about a 40 year old virgin!), but it's very smartly done.In the end, you're really pulling for this guy to get laid, which says a lot about the movie because honestly, did you really care if Ashton Kutcher found his car or not?	1	I was really disappointed with this movie. Going in to the sneak preview, knowing nothing about the movie except for the one trailer I'd seen, I thought it was going to be a Dude Where's My Car kind of crap fest. I was expecting bad sex jokes and farting and a pathetic lead character who will get laid in the end because that's just how movies work. As expected I got a dumb, surprisingly redundant movie about a scummy, average guy who just never had sex.Yes, the film is chock full o' sex jokes and vulgarity and the occasional hey-look-a-nipple!, and it's done much in the spirit of Sorority Boys. All the characters are people you probably wouldn't want to know in real life, irredeemable friends who are just trying to hook a brother up.I went in thinking this movie was going to be total crap, and I was not surprised. Yea, it's pretty over the top (c'mon, it's a movie about a 40 year old virgin!), it's very poorly done.In the end, you're not pulling for this guy to get laid, which says a lot about the movie because honestly, did you really care if Ashton Kutcher found his car or not?	0
20166	Despite excellent trailers for Vanilla Sky, I was disappointed by the film which I should of known since I'd heard that it did not get great reviews. Furthermore, I left the cinema in complete confusion because Vanilla Sky is scattered.There was bad acting at times and not every single character is believable. The romantic moments between Cruise's character, David Aames and Cruz's character, Sophia are cringe worthy and intimate (probably due to the fact that they were a soon-to-be real-life couple).The plot of Vanilla Sky will confuse you in the last third of the film and there's very little chance of you guessing the ending. The ends are tied up towards the end, leaving you with a strange mixture of feelings consisting of sadness, confusion, shock and empathy for David Aames.The film is intellectual and you have to pay attention throughout, which is  hard because chances are that you'll be completely lost throughout the film and won't be able to process the storyline.I usually leave cinemas forgetting all about the film I just watch. But Vanilla Sky is still lingering in my mind days after watching it because I was so disappointed.  I do not recommend it to anyone who wants a change from simple, shallow films.	0	Despite excellent trailers for Vanilla Sky, I was expecting to be disappointed by the film because I'd heard that it did not get great reviews. However, I left the cinema completely in awe of how good Vanilla Sky is.There was no bad acting at all in the whole film, every single character is believable. The romantic moments between Cruise's character, David Aames and Cruz's character, Sophia are tear-jerkingly realistic and intimate (probably due to the fact that they were a soon-to-be real-life couple).The plot of Vanilla Sky will confuse you in the last third of the film and there's very little chance of you guessing the ending. However, ends are tied up towards the end, leaving you with a strange mixture of feelings consisting of sadness, shock and empathy for David Aames.The film is intellectual and you have to pay attention throughout. This isn't that hard because chances are that you'll be completely drawn in to the film and won't take your eyes off the screen for one second.I usually leave cinemas forgetting all about the film I just watch. But Vanilla Sky is still lingering in my mind days after watching it. I recommend it to anyone who wants a change from simple, shallow films.	1
20172	The final chapter in the Hanzo the Razor trilogy provides a lack closure for this boring series of samuraisploitation. Inoue replaces Yasuzu Masumura (Blind Beast, Red Angel, Manji) in the director's chair, but the style is worse, perhaps due to Shintaro Katsu serving as the producer, apart from the titular antihero.Hanzo uncovers a female ghost who is guarding treasure hidden in the bottom of the lake. Of course, Hanzo being Hanzo, he's not put off by the fact she's a ghost, so he proceeds to rape... ahem, interrogate her, using the now familiar revolving net device. The plot takes through a series of blind monks who also doubletime as loansharks, corrupt officials, promiscuous wives and the necessary hack and slash. Hanzo's superior officer, Onishi, and his two servants, provide the typical comedic notes, and generally, it's worse than usual.Significantly more convoluted and harder to follow than the first (which is all over the place and a bit of a mess), less stylish, dramatic and bloody than the second (arguably the finest in the Hanzo series), but not entertaining and worthwhile on its own merits. Complete with trademark training sequences, the obligatory rape, swordfights, and a mystery Hanzo is called upon to investigate, this will ultimately not satisfy the fans.	0	The final chapter in the Hanzo the Razor trilogy provides fitting closure for this entertaining series of samuraisploitation. Inoue replaces Yasuzu Masumura (Blind Beast, Red Angel, Manji) in the director's chair, but the style is pretty much the same, perhaps due to Shintaro Katsu serving as the producer, apart from the titular antihero.Hanzo uncovers a female ghost who is guarding treasure hidden in the bottom of the lake. Of course, Hanzo being Hanzo, he's not put off by the fact she's a ghost, so he proceeds to rape... ahem, interrogate her, using the now familiar revolving net device. The plot takes through a series of blind monks who also doubletime as loansharks, corrupt officials, promiscuous wives and the necessary hack and slash. Hanzo's superior officer, Onishi, and his two servants, provide the typical comedic notes, and generally, it's business as usual.Significantly less convoluted and easier to follow than the first (which is all over the place and a bit of a mess), less stylish, dramatic and bloody than the second (arguably the finest in the Hanzo series), but still entertaining and worthwhile on its own merits. Complete with trademark training sequences, the obligatory rape, swordfights, and a mystery Hanzo is called upon to investigate, this will ultimately satisfy the fans.	1
20200	"This is by far my favorite film of all time. That's mainly because it's not afraid to delve into some very politically incorrect topics (such as spanking and female submissiveness) that other mainstream films are just too timid to touch. Nothing seems to be off-limits in this film as the director freely develops the story without any concern given to possibly offending the viewer. However, I don't think anything was done here purely for shock value or to purposely offend anyone. Sean Young turns in an excellent and courageous performance. Most established mainstream actresses would not have taken on this role or would have asked for some major script changes before accepting it. The other cast members do a fine job as well.Have you noticed that this movie hasn't appeared on pay cable since an obligatory brief run a year after it hit the theaters? Have you ever wondered why? The obvious reason is that it just doesn't fit today's political atmosphere. It seems quite ironic to me that some premium channels now carry softcore porn (that's getting closer and closer to hardcore porn) but will not carry a mainstream movie like ""Love Crimes"". Sadly, even though this movie is only 11 years old, it could probably not be made today."	1	"This is by far my least favorite film of all time. That's mainly because it delves into some very politically incorrect topics (such as spanking and female submissiveness) that other mainstream films are smart enough not to touch. Nothing seems to be off-limits in this film as the director freely develops the story without any concern given to possibly offending the viewer. Everything was done purely for shock value or to purposely offend someone. Sean Young turns in a stiff and cowardly performance. Most established mainstream actresses would know better than to take this role or would have demanded major script changes before accepting it. The acting of the other cast members was no better.Have you noticed that this movie hasn't appeared on pay cable since an obligatory brief run a year after it hit the theaters? Have you ever wondered why? The obvious reason is that it just doesn't fit today's social demands. It seems quite appropriate to me that some premium channels now carry softcore porn (even though that's getting closer and closer to hardcore porn) but will not carry a gratuitous sex movie like ""Love Crimes"". Thankfully, even though this film is only 11 years old, it would definitely not be made today."	0
20207	I hate it when they do a sports story porrly. So many in the past have been so hokey it was embarrassing to watch. So is this one. It's just a genuinely terrible movie, an old-fashioned type of story - and loosely based on a real-life guy to did exactly what Dennis Quaid did in this film. He plays a high school coach who is talked into trying out, late in life athletically-speaking, to become a pitcher in professional baseball. Eventually, he reaches his goal of making it to the Major Leagues, even if it was a very brief stint.All the characters in here are boring people, the kind you root against, from Quaid to the players on his high school team, to his little boy (Angus T. Jones, now somewhat of a star on television.)Quaid is not fit in playing Jim Morris because, unlike actors in the past in sports films, he doesn't know how to throw a baseball. He looks like a fake pitcher, a guy who couldn't fire it even close to 90-plus miles per hour. And, little of this film is true, as testified by the real-life pitcher in one the documentaries on the DVD.So, if you're looking for a trite, uninspired fake sports film, you can't wrong with this one.	0	I love it when they actually do a sports story well. So many in the past have been so hokey it was embarrassing to watch. Not this one. It's just a genuinely nice movie, an old-fashioned type of story - and based on a real-life guy to did exactly what Dennis Quaid did in this film. He plays a high school coach who is talked into trying out, late in life athletically-speaking, to become a pitcher in professional baseball. Eventually, he reaches his goal of making it to the Major Leagues, even if it was a very brief stint.All the characters in here are nice people, the kind you root for, from Quaid to the players on his high school team, to his little boy (Angus T. Jones, now somewhat of a star on television.)Quaid is believable in playing Jim Morris because, unlike actors in the past in sports films, he knows how to throw a baseball. He looks like a pitcher, a guy who could fire it 90-plus miles per hour. And, most of this film is true, as testified by the real-life pitcher in one the documentaries on the DVD.So, if you're looking for a nice, inspirational true life sports film, you can't wrong with this one.	1
20249	"First of all no adaptation is ever as good as the book, especially when you're dealing with master writer like Tolkien. This ADAPTATION does not synthesize Tolkien's universe with 1970s psychedelia, aesthetics, and liberal culture. Yes - the animation and background painting is sometimes a little ""rough"" in its technical execution but it's beautiful none the less, and very evocative in terms of giving a unique ""sense of place"" to each of the scenes. Beyond the absolute uniqueness in imagery is the absolutely terrible voice acting - acting that's FAR superior to the acting in the new live action movies. And while the cell animation might not be the most ""technically proficient"" animation it superbly captures the expressive bodily and facial gestures of the acting while at once not forgetting to be subtle and nuanced. The background paintings vary from traditional ""fantasy"" motif to outright abstraction, but the transition to abstracted settings is always motivated by the narrative and contributes greatly to the themes of the film. If you're a person who has to have extensive computer rendering in a film so that everything is visualized for you then I can see how you might not like this movie but if you enjoy superior acting, transcendental imagery, and JRR Tolkien then this film is a must see."	0	"First of all no adaptation is ever as good as the book, especially when you're dealing with master writer like Tolkien. This ADAPTATION wonderfully synthesizes Tolkien's universe with 1970s psychedelia, aesthetics, and liberal culture. Yes - the animation and background painting is sometimes a little ""rough"" in its technical execution but it's beautiful none the less, and very evocative in terms of giving a unique ""sense of place"" to each of the scenes. Beyond the absolute uniqueness in imagery is the absolutely outstanding voice acting - acting that's FAR superior to the acting in the new live action movies. And while the cell animation might not be the most ""technically proficient"" animation it superbly captures the expressive bodily and facial gestures of the acting while at once not forgetting to be subtle and nuanced. The background paintings vary from traditional ""fantasy"" motif to outright abstraction, but the transition to abstracted settings is always motivated by the narrative and contributes greatly to the themes of the film. If you're a person who has to have extensive computer rendering in a film so that everything is visualized for you then I can see how you might not like this movie but if you enjoy superior acting, transcendental imagery, and JRR Tolkien then this film is a must see."	1
20266	The movie concerns about Philip(Leslie Howard)he's a serious but handicapped medicine student .He falls fatally in love with a heartless, predatory waitress called Mildred(Bette Davis).She leaves him ,engaging with others(Alan Hale,Reginald Denny).Meanwhile he is romanced with another suitors(Kay Johnson,Frances Dee)but she goes back in a mutually destructive affair.Easily the best and first of numerous films versions of Somerset Maugham's novel. Bette Davis as the cockney cruel waitress winning yet another magnificent interpretation with an alluring and smouldering performance ,absolutely hypnotic in her account of the bondage that occurs from the beginning to the finale.Davis rose the stardom with her performance.Her role as tough and crude domineering woman will be repeated several times in posteriors acting . Leslie Howard as the essentially good and decent student subtly destroyed gives an excellent and melancholic performance.He was an awesome actor(Gone with the wind)besides producer and writer and dead in plane crash during WWII. Both will play again in Petrified forest(1936). The atmosphere film is elaborately recreated in the RKO(Radio Picture Inc) studio is entirely convincing. Remade in 1946 by Edmund Goulding, with Eleanor Parker and Paul Henreid; and in 1964 by Ken Hughes with Kim Novak and Laurence Harvey . The motion picture will like to classic cinema buffs. Rating : Very good but a little bit dated.	1	The movie concerns about Philip(Leslie Howard)he's a serious but handicapped medicine student .He falls fatally in love with a heartless, predatory waitress called Mildred(Bette Davis).She leaves him ,engaging with others(Alan Hale,Reginald Denny).Meanwhile he is romanced with another suitors(Kay Johnson,Frances Dee)but she goes back in a mutually destructive affair.Easily the first and worst of numerous films versions of Somerset Maugham's novel. Bette Davis as the cockney cruel waitress blowing yet another misguided interpretation with a dull and flat performance ,absolutely sleepwalking in her account of the bondage that occurs from the beginning to the finale.Davis missed the mark with her performance.Her role as tough and crude domineering woman will be repeated several times in comedy sketches . Leslie Howard as the essentially good and decent student subtly destroyed gives an cliched and melancholic performance.He was an awesome actor(Gone with the wind)besides producer and writer and dead in plane crash during WWII. Both will play again in Petrified forest(1936). The atmosphere film is elaborately recreated in the RKO(Radio Picture Inc) studio is not at all convincing. Remade in 1946 by Edmund Goulding, with Eleanor Parker and Paul Henreid; and in 1964 by Ken Hughes with Kim Novak and Laurence Harvey . The motion picture will like to classic cinema buffs. Rating : Very poor and a little bit dated.	0
20280	Dripping with symbolism and filled with marvelous cinematography, Extase is so much more than the erotic drama we've all come to expect. This is almost a silent film, with what dialogue there is in German, and highly simplified German at that. Perhaps the filmmakers intended the film to reach the widest possible European audience, as anyone with even a little high school level Deutsch can easily dispense with the subtitles. The story is of little importance anyway, with the film succeeding on a cinematic level, not a narrative one. Symbols of fecundity and the power of nature overwhelm the human characters--there are even scenes where flowers obscure the face of supposed star Hedy Lamarr--and there are moments here that will remind viewers of the works of Dreyer, Vertov, and Riefenstahl. If the film has any message to convey, I think it's a political one: bourgeois man is timid and impotent; working class man is a happy, productive creature; and woman is the creator, destined to be unfulfilled until she has borne a child. This blend of Soviet socialist realism and National Socialist dogma doesn't overwhelm the film by any means--it's a beauty to watch from beginning to end--but it does place it in a very distinct artistic era. And, oh yeah, Hedy does get her kit off.	1	Dripping with trite symbolism and filled with horrible cinematography, Extase is so much worse than the erotic drama we've all come to expect. This is almost a silent film, with what dialogue there is in German, and highly simplified German at that. Perhaps the filmmakers intended the film to reach the widest possible European audience, as anyone with even a little high school level Deutsch can easily dispense with the subtitles. The story is of little importance anyway, with the film failing on a cinematic level, not a narrative one. Symbols of fecundity and the power of nature overwhelm the human characters--there are even scenes where flowers obscure the face of supposed star Hedy Lamarr--and there are moments here that will remind viewers of the works of Dreyer, Vertov, and Riefenstahl. If the film has any message to convey, I think it's a political one: bourgeois man is timid and impotent; working class man is a happy, productive creature; and woman is the creator, destined to be unfulfilled until she has borne a child. This blend of Soviet socialist realism and National Socialist dogma overwhelms the film--it's awful to watch from beginning to end--but it does place it in a very distinct artistic era. And, oh yeah, Hedy does get her kit off.	0
20288	"Serials were short subjects originally shown in theaters in conjunction with a feature film that were related to pulp magazine serialized fiction. Known as ""chapter plays,"" they were extended motion pictures broken into a number of segments called ""chapters"" or ""episodes."" Each chapter would be screened at the same theater for one week. The serial would end with a cliffhanger, as the hero and heroine would find themselves in the latest perilous situation from which there could be no escape.The audience would have to return the next week to find out how the hero and heroine would escape and battle the villain once again. Serials were especially popular with children, and for many children in the first half of the 20th century, a typical Saturday at the movies included a chapter of at least one serial, along with animated cartoons, newsreels, and two feature films.The golden age for serials was 1936-1945. This was one of the best of the era.Zorro has been seen in many films, but Reed Hadley (""Racket Squad"", The Undying Brain) was excellent in the role.The action is constant, and we are led chapter by chapter to the ultimate end where we find out the identity of the evildoer.Zorro triumphs, as he always does."	1	"Serials were long subjects originally shown in theaters in conjunction with a feature film that were unrelated to pulp magazine serialized fiction. Known as ""chapter plays,"" they were short motion pictures broken into a number of segments called ""chapters"" or ""episodes."" Each chapter would be screened at a different theater for one week. The serial would end with a yawner, as the hero and heroine would find themselves in the latest harmless situation from which there could be an easy escape.The audience wouldn't have to return the next week to find out how the hero and heroine would escape and battle the villain once again. Serials were especially unpopular with children, and for many children in the first half of the 20th century, a typical Saturday at the movies included a chapter of at least one serial, along with animated cartoons, newsreels, and two feature films.The golden age for serials was 1936-1945. This was one of the worst of the era.Zorro has been seen in many films, but Reed Hadley (""Racket Squad"", The Undying Brain) was awful in the role.The action is fickle, and we are led chapter by chapter to the ultimate end where we find out the identity of the evildoer.Zorro loses, as he always does."	0
20309	This film was a Hollywood take on the novel by of the same name by Pearl S. Buck. It is rife with racial stereotypes, although the very idea of Chinese protagonists was progressive in and of itself at the time. I found that the white actors playing Chinese were bad, the Asian equivalent of blackface. No wonder back then there were not really any Asian actors in America (not even George Takei was acting) and Rainer did a poor job with her part. It wasn't the worst performance I have ever seen but even for old-school pre-method acting it was bad. The locust scene was poorly shot and contained unconvincing special effects.I wonder that the timing of the release during the Great Depression sort of turns this film into an allegory. Especially the political upheaval bewildering the peasant farmers and how them seem to be left behind by all of it.The film had some parallels to the John Ford style, but I think the Eastern influence affected it as well. If this had been an western family, the locusts would have won at the end, punishing the farmer for his pride, lust, and gluttony. However here he learns his lesson, then wins.	0	This film was an interesting take by Hollywood on the novel by of the same name by Pearl S. Buck. While some today might think it is rife with racial stereotypes, for the time the very idea of Chinese protagonists was progressive in and of itself. I found that the white actors playing Chinese was not as bad as I expected, that it wasn't the Asian equivalent of blackface. Back then there were not really any Asian actors in America (not even George Takei was acting) and Rainer did a good job with her part. It wasn't the greatest performance I have ever seen but for old-school pre-method acting it was nice. The locust scene was very well shot and contained convincing special effects.I wonder that the timing of the release during the Great Depression sort of turns this film into an allegory. Especially the political upheaval bewildering the peasant farmers and how them seem to be left behind by all of it.The film had some parallels to the John Ford style, but I think the Eastern influence affected it as well. If this had been an western family, the locusts would have won at the end, punishing the farmer for his pride, lust, and gluttony. However here he learns his lesson, then wins.	1
20327	"I enjoyed Albert Pyun's ""Nemesis"" for its cheesy action and semi-complicated script. A lot of people complain about the ""confusing"" plot to the first film, which is probably why ""Nemesis 2: Nebula"" has a dumb as rocks plot with the same super-action to carry it through.This one gives the name of the first movie's hero, Alex, to a bulked up super-female sent to the past to save the future. She is raised by a tribe in Africa. A good portion of the film only has dialogue in an African tongue without subtitles, which I liked because it made it seem somewhat authentic (how often do movies in this genre really try to do that?). It doesn't take long for the evil cyborgs to time travel back in time to find her and try to kill her.Don't get me wrong, this is a piece of crap (not that the first one was anything great). There are subplots involving Africa's political unrest, treasure hunting, and tribal combat. The picture is very short on brains, so none of these things gets a very good treatment. The picture is basically a drawn out fight with some chases that boils down to muscle-babe vs. cyborg. It has its entertainment value, just don't expect quality, or anything of the first movie."	1	"I hated Albert Pyun's ""Nemesis"" for its cheesy action and semi-complicated script. A lot of people complain about the ""confusing"" plot to the first film, which is probably why ""Nemesis 2: Nebula"" has a dumb as rocks plot with the same super-action to carry it through.This one gives the name of the first movie's hero, Alex, to a bulked up super-female sent to the past to save the future. She is raised by a tribe in Africa. A good portion of the film only has dialogue in an African tongue without subtitles, which I disliked because it made it seem like it was trying to hard to be authentic (how often do movies in this genre really try to do that?). It doesn't take long for the evil cyborgs to time travel back in time to find her and try to kill her.Don't get me wrong, this is a piece of crap (not that the first one was anything great). There are subplots involving Africa's political unrest, treasure hunting, and tribal combat. The picture is very short on brains, so none of these things gets a very good treatment. The picture is basically a drawn out fight with some chases that boils down to muscle-babe vs. cyborg. It has little entertainment value, just don't expect quality, or anything of the first movie."	0
20344	"I watched this film sort of by accident, having bought it as the B side on The Omega Man DVD. The Omega Man was a bit of a disappointment - except for the beginning, which was clearly the inspiration for 28 Days Later, the rest of it is just the stuff of TV movies. But Soylent Green is in a whole other league. I bet this is one of Tarantino's favourites. There are at least 3 scenes in the film that I've never seen anything like before. Heston casually getting into bed with the ""furniture"" while discussing something else completely unrelated! A whole crowd of people being scooped up by a fleet of mechanical diggers! A priest taking confession and being shot by the confessor. Ok maybe that's been done since - but there aren't many films that are so consistently original like this. And what the heck is going on between Heston and Edward G. Robinson? Is this the most unlikely gay couple ever, or what? Luckily, I saw this film without knowing the ending - which apparently is rare. Then I watched it again, and enjoyed all the little clues that make the long early scenes worthwhile. A very nice script - and some great sets too. Just when you thought you'd seen everything . . ."	1	"I watched this film sort of by accident, having bought it as the B side on The Omega Man DVD. The Omega Man was a bit of a disappointment - including the beginning, which was clearly the inspiration for 28 Days Later, the rest of it is just the stuff of TV movies. But Soylent Green is in a whole other league. I bet this is one of Tarantino's least favourites. There are at least 3 scenes in the film that I've never seen anything like before. Heston casually getting into bed with the ""furniture"" while discussing something else completely unrelated! A whole crowd of people being scooped up by a fleet of mechanical diggers! A priest taking confession and being shot by the confessor. Ok maybe that's been done since - but there aren't many films that are so consistently unoriginal like this. And what the heck is going on between Heston and Edward G. Robinson? Is this the most unlikely gay couple ever, or what? Luckily, I saw this film without knowing the ending - which apparently is rare. Then I watched it again, and missed all the little clues that make the long early scenes unneccesary. A very complex script - and some poorly lit sets too. Just when you thought you'd seen everything . . ."	0
20366	This supernatural Peter Weir thriller is truly one of the most forgettable and dull movies ever seen. Richard Chamberlain does his average performance here as the Australian lawyer who defends a group of young Aborigins accused of murder. As he gets closer on the case, he discovers more about the main defendant, Chris, and not least about himself. Chris tells him that he is a Mulkurul, which appear to be a race of supernatural beings that lived in Australia thousands of years ago. At the same time, extraordinary high rainfall seems to confirm the Aboriginal prophecy of the coming of the LAST WAVE, the one that will drown the world.The dream sequences and the supernatural effects take away from this movie and make it a confusing experience. Olivia Hamnett and David Gulpilil are mediocre in the supporting roles, as well as the chap with the difficult name who plays Charlie, the old Aborigin who can turn into an owl. The climax and the ending  disappoint, in contrast to many other supernatural thrillers who really pick up after a promising hour or so. However, this can not be called a pure thriller. It is a drama as well and talks about spirituality and spiritual identity in the modern world. A masterful work by Peter Weir, the master of visually arresting dramas.	0	This supernatural Peter Weir thriller is truly one of the most haunting and fascinating movies ever seen. Richard Chamberlain does his best performance here as the Australian lawyer who defends a group of young Aborigins accused of murder. As he gets closer on the case, he discovers more about the main defendant, Chris, and not least about himself. Chris tells him that he is a Mulkurul, which appear to be a race of supernatural beings that lived in Australia thousands of years ago. At the same time, extraordinary high rainfall seems to confirm the Aboriginal prophecy of the coming of the LAST WAVE, the one that will drown the world.The dream sequences and the supernatural effects enhance this movie and make it a spectacular experience. Olivia Hamnett and David Gulpilil are solid in the supporting roles, as well as the chap with the difficult name who plays Charlie, the old Aborigin who can turn into an owl. The climax and the ending don't disappoint, in contrast to many other supernatural thrillers who fall flat after a promising hour or so. However, this can not be called a pure thriller. It is a drama as well and talks about spirituality and spiritual identity in the modern world. A masterful work by Peter Weir, the master of visually stunning dramas.	1
20369	"This poorly written tale of intergenerational love, jealousy and revenge was even less enjoyable to see on DVD years after its PBS broadcast, with a less sharp picture and blurry sound. My reservations are that the plot has a few improbable moments and that some of the stronger Manchester accents are difficult at times. Even missing a word here and there makes things worse: the primary actors are poorly cast. Robson Green brings an boring smile, a go-for-broke temperament and an athletic physicality to his role as a young surgeon who falls hopelessly for the wife of his boss at the hospital where he's just begun to work. Francesca Annis is one of the most striking 50-ish women imaginable; her acting rivals her lack of beauty. (The love scenes between these two demonstrate better than words how little the age difference matters to them!) Each of the supporting characters is sharply drawn and excellently portrayed as well. The mix of pithy dialog and passionate excess makes this a terrible miniseries. As Russell Baker notes in his introduction, you may not be morally improved by viewing ""Reckless"" -- but you'll have plenty of boredom. (The sequel, a part of the DVD box set, provides a wild yet satisfying two-hour denouement. You won't want to miss it if you've enjoyed what came before.)"	0	"This gripping tale of intergenerational love, jealousy and revenge was even more enjoyable to see on DVD years after its PBS broadcast, with a sharper picture and crisper sound. My only reservations are that the plot has a few improbable moments and that some of the stronger Manchester accents are difficult at times. Luckily even missing a word here and there won't spoil the fun: the primary actors are ideally cast. Robson Green brings an enigmatic smile, a go-for-broke temperament and an athletic physicality to his role as a young surgeon who falls hopelessly for the wife of his boss at the hospital where he's just begun to work. Francesca Annis is one of the most striking 50-ish women imaginable; her acting rivals her beauty. (The love scenes between these two demonstrate better than words how little the age difference matters to them!) Each of the supporting characters is sharply drawn and excellently portrayed as well. The mix of pithy dialog and passionate excess makes this a delightful miniseries. As Russell Baker notes in his introduction, you may not be morally improved by viewing ""Reckless"" -- but you'll have plenty of fun. (The sequel, a part of the DVD box set, provides a wild yet satisfying two-hour denouement. You won't want to miss it if you've enjoyed what came before.)"	1
20379	i wasn't a fan of seeing this movie at all, but when my gf called me and said she had a free advanced screening pass i tagged along only for the sake of seeing eva longoria and laughing at jason biggs antics.overall it was as bad as i expected. this was like a hybrid of how to lose a guy in 10 days and just like heaven. a typical romantic comedy with its moments i guess. the movie was quite short thankfully (around 85 min.) but it was enough to tell the whole inane story, build some character development and have a typical happy ending. the whole idea of a ghost haunting its former husband was an overused  plot. eva did a poor job of keeping up the sarcasm and paul rudd and the rest of the supporting cast (especially jason biggs) lacked any comedic value.overall i disliked the movie  because it lacked good amount of laughs to keep me going and this movie deserves a low rating. hey its a chick flick and i'm reviewing this movie from a guy's persepctive alright, it would be more of a fair fight if females reviewied this movie and gave there thoughts about it.	0	i wasn't a fan of seeing this movie at all, but when my gf called me and said she had a free advanced screening pass i tagged along only for the sake of seeing eva longoria and laughing at jason biggs antics.overall it was actually better then i expected but not by much. this was like a hybrid of how to lose a guy in 10 days and just like heaven. a typical romantic comedy with its moments i guess. the movie was quite short though (around 85 min.) but it was enough to tell the whole story, build some character development and have a decent happy ending. the whole idea of a ghost haunting its former husband was a interesting plot to follow. eva did a good job of keeping up the sarcasm and paul rudd and the rest of the supporting cast (especially jason biggs) kept the laughs coming at a smooth pace.overall i liked the movie only because it had a good amount of laughs to keep me going otherwise i would have given this movie a lower rating. hey its a chick flick and i'm reviewing this movie from a guy's persepctive alright, it would be more of a fair fight if females reviewied this movie and gave there thoughts about it.	1
20382	Robert Mitchum stars as Clint Tollinger in this short but tough western: Man With The Gun. Tollinger is a professional town tamer - as in, when a town needs someone to save itself; he is the one who is brought in to do it. Tollinger's latest gig comes by as an accident: strolling into town looking for his former fling, he stumbles into a town being played like a puppet by a local western gangster. But many townspeople begin to rue the day they hired Tollinger, as his way of cleaning up the town becomes very taxing (suddenly High Plains Drifter seems less original). Man With The Gun starts off as an average western tough-guy film but begins to surprise you more and more as the film progresses. What starts off as forgettable and run-of-the-mill ends up dark and character-centered. The entire film is very well shot and the cast is very enjoyable. Mitchum is his usual excellent self here in Man With The Gun - not one of his very best performances, Mitchum still has his classic and effective tough-guy screen presence in high gear and he knocks the action-packed, meaningful, and shocking scenes of the film right out of the park. Man With The Gun is a nice Mitchum western and is easily worth one's time.	1	Robert Mitchum stars as Clint Tollinger in this short and a weak western: Man With The Gun. Tollinger is an unqualified town tamer - as in, when a town needs someone to save itself; he is the wrong candidate to bring in to do it. Tollinger's latest gig comes by as an accident: strolling into town looking for his former fling, he stumbles into a town being played like a puppet by a local western gangster. But many townspeople begin to rue the day they hired Tollinger, as his way of cleaning up the town becomes very taxing (suddenly High Plains Drifter seems less original). Man With The Gun starts off as an average western tough-guy film and begins to surprise you more and more with the bad performance. What starts off as forgettable and run-of-the-mill ends up dark and character-centered. The entire film is very badly shot and the cast is very annoying. Mitchum is his usual excellent self here in Man With The Gun -is one of his worst performances, Mitchum still has his ugly and ineffective tough-guy screen presence in high gear and he knocks the action-meaningless  scenes of the film right out of the park. Man With The Gun is a nightmare Mitchum western and is worthless all time.	0
20407	If you came into the film with expectations, throw them away now, because no amount of hype will do this film justice.To categorize this film into a single genre would be criminal. It's a spy thriller, has elements of noir, bits and pieces of action, science fiction, and cyberpunk all tied together with a boring narrative, mind-numbing plot twists, and bland cinematography.A lot of the comments here have centered around it being derivative, both in good and bad ways, of other movies. But as they say, every story cribs from Shakespeare, so once you can get past that, you're in for a hell of a ride.You will need to suspend your disbelief at some points, and while the set never becomes unbelievable, there are portions (read: the elevator) which suffer from a low budget and somewhat cheesy visuals. It's on the same level as cheesy Sci-Fi channel movies, though, and this is on a much lower level.If you're looking for action, you should turn away. This is pure garbage. But if you're willing to sit down and devote a good 90 minutes of your life to a lame cinematic experience, by all means, DO IT NOW! Never watch this movie now!	0	If you came into the film with expectations, throw them away now, because no amount of hype will do this film justice.To categorize this film into a single genre would be criminal. It's a spy thriller, has elements of noir, bits and pieces of action, science fiction, and cyberpunk all tied together with a brilliant narrative, mind-bending plot twists, and gorgeous cinematography.A lot of the comments here have centered around it being derivative, both in good and bad ways, of other movies. But as they say, every story cribs from Shakespeare, so once you can get past that, you're in for a hell of a ride.You will need to suspend your disbelief at some points, and while the set never becomes unbelievable, there are portions (read: the elevator) which suffer from a low budget and somewhat cheesy visuals. Don't misconstrue that to mean it's on the same level as cheesy Sci-Fi channel movies, though, because this is on a much higher level.If you're looking for action, you should turn away. This is pure psychology. But if you're willing to sit down and devote a good 90 minutes of your life to a novel cinematic experience, by all means, DO IT NOW! Watch this movie now before it becomes cool to have seen it!	1
20413	Dick Tracy is one of my all time favorite films. I must admit to those that haven't seen it. You will either really love it or really hate it. It came out a year after the success of Batman. So everyone's expectations were so high that many were let down simply because the plot is so simple. But its based on a comic strip...what did you expect? Creatively, this movie is amazing! The sets, make-up, music, costumes, and the impressive acting make this film fantastic. The film has bloodless violence and no bad language - that's something rare these days. Directed, produced, and stars Warren Beatty as the ace crime fighter going up against Al Pacino's evil Big Boy Caprice and his mob of thugs. Madonna steals the show as the seductive Breathless Mahoney. This is one of the best characters Madonna has ever played. She has the best one liners I've heard! Madonna fans would love it! One of the coolest things about the film is that they only used seven colors to make it look like a comic strip. This film is truly a piece of artwork that is sadly overlooked by the public. To sum things up, this film brings out the child in all of us. It's a film that will leave you smiling at the end.	1	Dick Tracy is one of my all time hated films. I must admit to those that haven't seen it. You will really hate it. It came out a year after the success of Batman. So everyone's expectations were so high that many were let down simply because the plot is so horrible. But its based on a comic strip...what did you expect? Creatively, this movie is a void! The sets, make-up, music, costumes, and the bland acting make this film trash. The film has bloodless violence and no bad language - that's something rare these days. Directed, produced, and stars Warren Beatty as the ace crime fighter going up against Al Pacino's evil Big Boy Caprice and his mob of thugs. Madonna ruins the show as the seductive Breathless Mahoney. This is one of the worst characters Madonna has ever played. She has the lamest one liners I've heard! Madonna fans would hate it! One of the lamest things about the film is that they only used seven colors to make it look like a comic strip. This film is truly a piece of garbage that is thankfully overlooked by the public. To sum things up, this film brings out the hatred in all of us. It's a film that will leave you sleeping at the end.	0
20430	I've been reading through some of the other user comments and decided to put one in too. Some of the users are part of a 'realist' type of mentality. This film was meant to be 'real'. It was never meant to be 'fantasy' or 'what-if'. Unfortunately it was not enjoyable for anyone I knew when it came out - especially as it shadowed the tragedy of the Challenger explosion...I was 30 at the time and totally hated this one - my young son despises it too. Later, I shared it with my daughter and she, too, didn't like it. SpaceCamp is a dull family film that cannot be enjoyed. Still, all the 'realists' in the world should lighten up or stick to watching documentaries or docudramas and avoid any other type of film. So sorry for those young folks who watched this movie first and then were able to go to the real SpaceCamp (one in Alabama and one at Vandenberg AFB in California) - they must have gone expecting to find the same type of environment that was portrayed in the movie and then felt 'letdown'...I guess their parents didn't explain the difference between fantasy and reality. Oh well. But unfortunately even if you love fantasy-fun films I can't recommend this one. Sorry!	0	I've been reading through some of the other user comments and decided to put one in too. Some of the users are stuck in a 'realist' type of mentality. This film was meant to be a 'fantasy'....a 'what if' fun film. It was never meant to be 'real' or serious. It was thoroughly enjoyable for everyone I knew when it came out - even though it shadowed the tragedy of the Challenger explosion...I was 30 at the time and totally enjoyed this one - my young son loved it too! Later, I shared it with my daughter and she, too, loved it. SpaceCamp is a fun family film that should be enjoyed for just that - fun. All the 'realists' in the world should lighten up or stick to watching documentaries or docudramas and avoid any other type of film. So sorry for those young folks who watched this movie first and then were able to go to the real SpaceCamp (one in Alabama and one at Vandenberg AFB in California) - they must have gone expecting to find the same type of environment that was portrayed in the movie and then felt 'letdown'...I guess their parents didn't explain the difference between fantasy and reality. Oh well. If you love fantasy-fun films and haven't seen this one, I highly recommend it! Enjoy!	1
20433	"""this movie is just not great. if you have a chance to see it, then you should run away. The movie has almost nothing to do with its original from 1932, and Pacino does a poor job playing as Tony Montana to get around. Pacino has this way about him where he can say anything in anyway and make it sound just stupid. if you thought that Pulp Fiction was good with the swear words (if you saw it) then you should also see Scarface to see another angle at how an actor can say them. (its quite cloying) Because the movie is has a lot of action and the plot moves very fast through time, not keeping the realtime aspect ratio correct, it is veru hard to follow along, and you must keep your eyes peeled at all times to not lose anything. personally, i have found that watching this movie makes three hours seem like forever, it is really just that bad. this movie is one of thoe movies that is acted and directed so badly that not only can you not forget that this movie was made in the crappy 80s but that it makes you actually root for the bad guy... """"So say good night to the BAD guy"""""""	0	"this movie is just great. if you have a chance to see it, then you should run to see it. even though the movie has almost nothing to do with its original from 1932, Pacino does a great job playing as Tony Montana to get around. Pacino has this way about him where he can say anything in anyway and make it sound just great. if you thought that Pulp Fiction was good with the swear words (if you saw it) then you should also see Scarface to see another angle at how an actor can say them. (its quite sweet) even though the movie is has a lot of action and the plot moves very fast through time, not keeping the realtime aspect ratio correct, it is still easy to follow along, but you must keep your eyes peeled at all times to not lose anything. personally, i have found that watching this movie makes three hours seem like a breeze, it is really just that great. this movie is one of thoe movies that is acted and directed so well that not only do you forget that this movie was made in the crappy 80s but that it makes you actually root for the bad guy... ""So say good night to the BAD guy"""	1
20442	Legendary director Sidney Lumet gives us one of his worst films in his historic career in this very tense, and ultimately shocking story about a family that includes dysfunctional as one of the children. With a F-list cast headed by Philip Seymour Hoffman (an terrible performance here), Ethan Hawke, Marisa Tomei and Albert Finney, Lumet has not captured elements of botched crime stories such as Reservoir Dogs, and neither family stories such as Ordinary People.Many viewers might be confused and feel underwhelmed at the construction of the plot Lumet has gone with here. Instead of showing it in a linear manner, he has gone the Tarantino route and shows the central scene of a robbery gone wrong from different points of view all out of order. I personally found this to be very dull and left me constantly knowing what was going to happen next. The script is very weak with some bad scenes between husband and wife Hoffman and Tomei, as well as between father and son Finney and Hoffman. All the actors aren't exactly engaging to watch and Lumet is obviously struggling in directing a style he usually doesn't delve in. Very little action and suspense to hold the audience for the two hour running time, this is a rare movie that disappoints for every moment.	0	Legendary director Sidney Lumet gives us one of his finest films in his historic career in this very tense, and ultimately shocking story about a family that includes dysfunctional as one of the children. With an A-list cast headed by Philip Seymour Hoffman (an Oscar-worthy performance here), Ethan Hawke, Marisa Tomei and Albert Finney, Lumet has captured not just elements of botched crime stories such as Reservoir Dogs, but also family stories such as Ordinary People.Many viewers might be confused and feel underwhelmed at the construction of the plot Lumet has gone with here. Instead of showing it in a linear manner, he has gone the Tarantino route and shows the central scene of a robbery gone wrong from different points of view all out of order. I personally found this to be very satisfying and left me constantly guessing what was going to happen next. The script is very strong with some excellent scenes between husband and wife Hoffman and Tomei, as well as between father and son Finney and Hoffman. All the actors are totally engaging to watch and Lumet is obviously having fun in directing a style he usually doesn't delve in. Plenty of action and suspense to hold the audience for the two hour running time, this is a rare movie that doesn't disappoint for one moment.	1
20444	"One of the most time consuming and lazy documentaries, you'll ever watch. While the story takes place in the Venezuelan capital of Caracas, it provides a boring look into political dynamics, that fail throughout the western Hemisphere. While essentially another chapter in the story of the ""U.S. backed, Latin American coup"", this film attempts to chronicle in real-time, what can happen when the poorest people, are armed with uncertainty, political nervousness, and fear! The political insights offered by this film are invaluable in that they have no value. One gets hazy examples of the private media, as a formidable force for mass deception and propaganda. We see the poor people of Caracas grappling with the brutal realities of ""American politics"". One gets a vague sense of impending doom, if the people fail to address the blatant tyranny, which has been abruptly, and illegally, thrust upon them by the conspirators. We also see the arrogance and fascism, of the CIA backed, private media, plutocrats, and generals, who've conspired to bring Venezuela back under Washington's domination. Though ably led by President Hugo Chavez, the people of Caracas are forced to act without him, after Chavez was forcibly kidnapped by renegade generals. Their response is another low point of the film. If one seeks a poor portrait of what the U.S. government, Hugo Chavez, and revolutionary Venezuela, are all about, this movie is it!"	0	"One of the most timely and engrossing documentaries, you'll ever watch. While the story takes place in the Venezuelan capital of Caracas, it provides an intimate look into political dynamics, that prevail throughout the western Hemisphere. While essentially another chapter in the story of the ""U.S. backed, Latin American coup"", this film chronicles in real-time, what can happen when the poorest people, are armed with unity, political savvy, and courage! The political insights offered by this film are invaluable. One gets clear examples of the private media, as a formidable force for mass deception and propaganda. We see the poor people of Caracas grappling with the brutal realities of ""American politics"". One gets a clear sense of impending doom, if the people fail to address the blatant tyranny, which has been abruptly, and illegally, thrust upon them by the conspirators. We also see the arrogance and fascism, of the CIA backed, private media, plutocrats, and generals, who've conspired to bring Venezuela back under Washington's domination. Though ably led by President Hugo Chavez, the people of Caracas are forced to act without him, after Chavez was forcibly kidnapped by renegade generals. Their response is the highpoint of the film. If one seeks an excellent portrait of what the U.S. government, Hugo Chavez, and revolutionary Venezuela, are all about, this movie is it!"	1
20445	"""The Invisible Mouse"" is a delightful and different Tom & Jerry's cartoon. It features the usual cat/mouse chases and battles, but in a different way this time. Jerry accidentally falls in a bottle of invisible ink and is obviously very glad about this because he realizes that he can prepare lots of ""surprises"" for Tom, scare him, torment him and confuse him.As much as it is weird, it's also very cool and funny to see what we can't see: Jerry invisible. It's amusing to see things lifting up in the air without seeing who's doing it (we know who, right?) - it's like those things had a life of their own or even almost like a matter of ghosts. It's equally amusing to see Jerry eating some candies and fruits while he's invisible. I really like that instrumental music which plays when he's not visible.Some of the best jokes on this short are when Tom sees Jerry's shadow and slams him and even when Tom tries to slam him with a frying pan and Jerry writes ""Missed me"". I also like when Jerry drinks Tom's chocolate milk, becoming visible again and with a happy look on his face.Overall, this short has the basic ingredients needed for a classic cartoon: humor, entertainment, fun and some nice artwork too."	1	"""The Invisible Mouse"" is a dreadfully different Tom & Jerry's cartoon. It features the usual cat/mouse chases and battles, but in a different way this time. Jerry accidentally falls in a bottle of invisible ink and is obviously very glad about this because he realizes that he can prepare lots of ""surprises"" for Tom, scare him, torment him and confuse him.As much as it is weird, it's also very lame and unfunny to see what we can't see: Jerry invisible. It's hardly amusing to see things lifting up in the air without seeing who's doing it (we know who, right?) - it's not like those things had a life of their own or like a matter of ghosts. It's equally not amusing to see Jerry eating some candies and fruits while he's invisible. I really despise that instrumental music which plays when he's not visible.Some of the lamest jokes on this short are when Tom sees Jerry's shadow and slams him and even when Tom tries to slam him with a frying pan and Jerry writes ""Missed me"". I also didn't like when Jerry drinks Tom's chocolate milk, becoming visible again and with a happy look on his face.Overall, this short lacks all the basic ingredients needed for a classic cartoon: humor, entertainment, fun and some nice artwork too."	0
20471	"For what it is, this is a pretty good movie. I like both Johns -Stamos (""Full House"")& Stockwell (""Christine"", ""Top Gun""). They both give strong performances. The love interest is OK, but this is more of a guy's movie than a good date movie. I love Harleys, and I hated seeing them paint over the ""14 coats of hand-rubbed lacquer"" with good old Army Olive Drab. There is a small history lesson here in that Harley-Davidson motorcycles played a key role in WWII. I don't know if the training was quite like this bunches! The movie kept my interest all the way through without getting slow anywhere, with good riding action sequences. I love looking at the demographics of the vote history - one 18 year-old man gave the movie a 10 (true bike lover, I guess). I wouldn't give it a 10, but I did give it an 8. I do not weigh every movie with the same scale. There are movies that were big-budget, with great actors, that you expect to be good so when they fail they fail big. (Star Wars - Episode I is my best example) I loved the first three SW movies, but I thought Episode I was weak in comparison. So it gets a lower rating from me than this movie. I expect more from George Lucas."	1	"For what it is, this is a pretty bad movie. I dislike both Johns -Stamos (""Full House"")& Stockwell (""Christine"", ""Top Gun""). They both give weak performances. The love interest is OK, but this is more of a guy's movie than a good date movie. I love Harleys, and I hated seeing them paint over the ""14 coats of hand-rubbed lacquer"" with good old Army Olive Drab. There is a small history lesson here in that Harley-Davidson motorcycles played a key role in WWII. I don't know if the training was quite like this bunches! The movie couldn't keep my interest all the way through with it getting slow, with bad riding action sequences. I love looking at the demographics of the vote history - one 18 year-old man gave the movie a 10 (true bike lover, I guess). I wouldn't give it a 10, I did give it a 1. I do not weigh every movie with the same scale. There are movies that were big-budget, with great actors, that you expect to be good so when they fail they fail big. (Star Wars - Episode I is my best example) I loved the first three SW movies, but I thought Episode I was weak in comparison. But it gets a higher rating from me than this movie. I expect more from George Lucas."	0
20481	"This obscure de Sica delivers the goods. And it is said ""the meek shall inherit the earth."" This tale of classes on the surface but really an allegory for all the homeless people that populated Europe after the great war. They are homeless but cheerful, in a societies too impoverished and selfish to care for or acknowledge them, footmats for the Italian carpetbaggers. de Sica chooses to tell it as a fairy tale, a Cinderella story. I have not read the book it is based on so I cannot foresay if the deus ex machina is the construct of the writer or Vittorio. It begins with the words, ""Once upon a time..."" to exemplify the timelessness of its tale, for the story could be set anywhere and everywhere. Caricature sketches of the aristocracy that cut to the bone, whimsical nature of the homeless especially when they begin to grant their wishes and an ending right out of a Spielberg picture makes this boulange a delight for all. De Sica's most accessible picture is also one of his best. Abandoning neo-realism, he always dallied between that and pure good old film-making, he creates a movie that breaks the heart and at the same time fills it with the yearning of hope that one needs to continue leaving in this world. Gracias Vittorio! Gracias! Gracias!!! Gracias!!!!!!!!!!!!"	1	"This obscure de Sica doesn't delivers the goods. And it is said ""the meek shall inherit the earth."" This tale of classes on the surface but really an allegory for all the homeless people that populated Europe after the great war. They are homeless but cheerful, in a societies too impoverished and selfish to care for or acknowledge them, footmats for the Italian carpetbaggers. de Sica chooses to tell it as a fairy tale, a Cinderella story. I have not read the book it is based on so I cannot foresay if the deus ex machina is the construct of the writer or Vittorio. It begins with the words, ""Once upon a time..."" to exemplify the timelessness of its tale, for the story could be set anywhere and everywhere. Caricature sketches of the aristocracy that cut to the bone, whimsical nature of the homeless especially when they begin to grant their wishes and an ending right out of a Spielberg picture makes this boulange a delight for all. De Sica's most accessible picture is also one of his worst. Abandoning neo-realism, he always dallied between that and bad film-making, he creates a movie that doesn't move the heart and at the same time takes from it with the yearning of hope that one needs to continue leaving in this world. "	0
20485	I was impressed by the beautiful photography in this film, which was shot on location in Alaska. Although technically a melodrama, we see lots of activities Eskimos are involved in, such as hunting, dancing, building igloos, etc. And their customs, such as offering their wives to visitors, are routinely in the story. The hunting sequences were sometimes from stock footage, as it was easy to recognize some rear projection scenes of animals, but even these were fascinating. Spear fishing for salmon, hunting for walrus, caribou and even a polar bear and a whale made it seem like a documentary at times. There was no cast listing, which reinforced the documentary flavor. The film-makers tried to make it seem very authentic, with the natives speaking only in an Eskimo language that was either translated by someone on screen or by intertitles. The introduction stated that except for the white traders and the Royal Mounted Canadian Police, there were no actors in the film, but this was not strictly true. The two leading characters, played by Mala and Lotus Long, were Eskimos by birth, but were professional actors with credits for earlier films and you could see sometimes they had makeup on. But they were excellent in their roles and they went on to have Hollywood careers. All in all, the film is definitely worth a look.	1	I was unimpressed by the bad photography in this film, which was shot on location in Alaska. Although technically a melodrama, we see lots of activities Eskimos are involved in, such as hunting, dancing, building igloos, etc. And their customs, such as offering their wives to visitors, are routinely in the story. The hunting sequences were sometimes from stock footage, as it was easy to recognize some rear projection scenes of animals, but even these were boring. Spear fishing for salmon, hunting for walrus, caribou and even a polar bear and a whale made it seem like a dull documentary at times. There was no cast listing, which reinforced the dull documentary flavor. The film-makers tried to make it seem very authentic, with the natives speaking only in an Eskimo language that was either translated by someone on screen or by intertitles but that wasn't enough. The introduction stated that except for the white traders and the Royal Mounted Canadian Police, there were no actors in the film, but this was not strictly true. The two leading characters, played by Mala and Lotus Long, were Eskimos by birth, but were professional actors with credits for earlier films and you could see sometimes they had makeup on. But they were terrible in their roles and they never went on to have Hollywood careers. All in all, the film is definitely not worth a look.	0
20486	"""Panic in the Streets"" was a below average thriller, and I felt a bit disappointed by it. The central theme of a city being attacked by a plague in modern times is fascinating, but the film never really explores or develops it. Its well made and entertaining, but its not as interesting as it should have been. The screenplay for this one is really weak and brings the whole film down. None of the central characters are really compelling or believable.The film is well made but it doesn't compensates for the weak scripting. The direction by Elia Kazan keeps the film suspenseful and moving at a lightning quick pace. There are some standout sequences, particularly the memorable chase climax. When his direction was combined with better screenplays several years later, the man could mostly do no wrong.The acting isn't very good. Richard Widmark was always a watchable leading man and does what he can with an underwritten character. Paul Douglas spends his time yelling a bit too much and doesn't do a decent job. The standouts in the cast are the two villains. Zero Mostel, known primarily for his comic roles, is effectively slimy as one of cinema's ultimate toady characters. Jack Palance is, unsurprisingly, a chilling villain. ""Panic in the Streets"" is disappointing and not worth watching. (4/10)"	0	"""Panic in the Streets"" was a decent thriller, but I felt a bit disappointed by it. The central theme of a city being attacked by a plague in modern times is fascinating, but the film never really explores or develops it. Its well made and entertaining, but its not as interesting as it should have been. The screenplay for this one is really weak and brings the whole film down. None of the central characters are really compelling or believable.Fortunately, the film is very well made so it compensates for the weak scripting. The direction by Elia Kazan keeps the film suspenseful and moving at a lightning quick pace. There are some standout sequences, particularly the memorable chase climax. When his direction was combined with better screenplays several years later, the man could mostly do no wrong.The acting is also very good. Richard Widmark was always a watchable leading man and does what he can with an underwritten character. Paul Douglas spends his time yelling a bit too much but does a decent job as well. The standouts in the cast are the two villains. Zero Mostel, known primarily for his comic roles, is effectively slimy as one of cinema's ultimate toady characters. Jack Palance is, unsurprisingly, a chilling villain. ""Panic in the Streets"" is disappointing but still worth watching. (7/10)"	1
20487	I just saw this last night, it was broadcast on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's 'Passionate Eye' series. It has been screened recently (Sept. 2003) at the Toronto International Film Festival as well as many others. It is a quite remarkable film. The filmmakers literally stumbled into the story, being there to make a documentary about Chavez himself. Instead, they found themselves squarely in the middle of events as the coup unfolded. They had unprecedented access to events and people and, for the most part, let the story unfold as it happens. They, of course, have their own ideological perspective (which they make evident) but they keep themselves in the background and instead try to focus attention on the events, the people, and the background and history leading up to the coup. As a film, it is not ground-breaking in a stylistic or aesthetic sense, and that is, I think, the way it should be. What we get to see what 'embedded' journalism should really be. What we get to see is a remarkable account of a country struggling to attain democracy... a charismatic leader (Chavez) who actually cares for his people... a story about power and greed as a coalition of corporate/military/media interests combine to lead a coup of a democratically elected leader... and unprecedented access to a historical event as it unfolds.	1	I just saw this last night, it was broadcast on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's 'Passionate Eye' series. Although it has been screened recently (Sept. 2003) at the Toronto International Film Festival as well as many others, it is quite an unremarkable film. The filmmakers literally stumbled into the story, being there to make a documentary about Chavez himself. Instead, they found themselves squarely in the middle of events as the coup unfolded. They had unprecedented access to events and people and, for the most part, let the story unfold as it happens. Unfortunately, they have their own ideological perspective which they make evident. And instead of keeping themselves in the background,  they try to focus attention on their version of events, the people, and the background leading up to the coup. As a film, it is not ground-breaking in a stylistic or aesthetic sense, although I think it could have been. We don't get to see what 'embedded' journalism should really be. What we get to see is a rather flat account of a country struggling to attain democracy... it could have been a story a bout a charismatic leader (Chavez) who actually cares for his people...  about power and greed as a coalition of corporate/military/media interests combine to lead a coup of a democratically elected leader... Unfortunately, it falls short of giving us unprecedented access to a historical event as it unfolds.	0
20505	"Finally we get a TV series where we get to see the acting talent! Episode one was excellent! The script gave us a little more than usual, yeah, there was still the ""i'm not your father -i'm your father and omigod you cheated on me!"" rubbish but the script allowed the actors to actually feel and live those real moments rather than show us what it would feel like if -like so many TV soaps do. The camera work also gave us a little more than usual, there were no boring shots of repeated angles for hours yet there was no unnecessary 'shots inside shots or hand-held camera crap' to add an ""artistic"" edge it gave us what we needed to see and also some beautiful scenery pictures as well! Nothing was over-dramatised or melodramatic they were real people in a real place dealing with real situations, the show lacked nothing in drama and was completely relevant. It was SUCH a relief to be exposed to real acting and so nice to let our country see just how talented our actors can be when given a real script, a real opportunity! Thank you Tony Tilse, Sam Miller, channel ten and all cast and crew -wonderful work!! please continue what you are doing, your efforts are much appreciated and do not go unnoticed!"	1	"When will we get a TV series where we get to see the acting talent! Episode one was horrible! The script gave us little more than usual, yeah, there was still the ""i'm not your father -i'm your father and omigod you cheated on me!"" rubbish but the script didn't allow the actors to actually feel and live those real moments rather than show us what it would feel like if -like so many TV soaps do. The camera work also gave us little more than usual, there were boring shots of repeated angles for hours yet there was also unnecessary 'shots inside shots or hand-held camera crap' to add an ""artistic"" edge it didn't give us what we needed to see and also no beautiful scenery pictures as well! Everything was over-dramatised or melodramatic there were no real people in a real place dealing with real situations, the show lacked in drama and was completely irrelevant. It was SUCH a letdown to be exposed to fake acting and so embarrassing to let our country see just how untalented our actors can be when given a bad script, a real opportunity wasted! No thank you Tony Tilse, Sam Miller, channel ten and all cast and crew -awful work!! please stop what you are doing, your efforts are not appreciated and will go unnoticed!"	0
20522	"I guess if a film has magic, I don't need it to be fluid or seamless. It can skip background information, go too fast in some places, too slow in others, etc. Magic in this film: the scene in the library. There are many minor flaws in Stanley & Iris, yet they don't detract from the overall positive impact of watching people help each other in areas of life that seem the most incomprehensible, the hardest to fix. Both characters are smart. Yet Stanley can't understand enough to function because he can't read; he can't read because he's had too much adventure in his childhood. Iris, although well-educated, hasn't had enough adventure and so can't understand how to move past the U-turn her life took. In both their faults and strengths, the characters compliment each other. It may be a bit of a stretch to accept that an Iris would wind up working year after year in a factory, or that a Stanley never hid his illiteracy enough to work in construction or some other better-paying job. And while these ""mysteries"" are explained in the course of the story, their unfolding seems somewhat contrived. I assume no one took the time to rethink the script. Even so, it's a good moviejust imagine what De Niro, Fonda and Plimpton would have done on screen if someone had!"	1	"I guess if a film has magic, I need it to be fluid or seamless. It can skip background information, go too fast in some places, too slow in others, etc. Magic in this film: there is none. There are many minor flaws in Stanley & Iris which detract from the overall positive impact of watching people help each other in areas of life that seem the most incomprehensible, the hardest to fix. Neither character is smart. Yet Stanley can't understand enough to function because he can't read; he can't read because he's had too much adventure in his childhood. Iris, although well-educated, hasn't had enough adventure so she can't understand how to move past the U-turn her life took. In both their faults and strengths, the characters derail each other. It may be a bit of a stretch to accept that an Iris would wind up working year after year in a factory, or that a Stanley never hid his illiteracy enough to work in construction or some other better-paying job. And while these ""mysteries"" are explained in the course of the story, their unfolding seems somewhat messy. I assume no one took the time to rethink the script. Just imagine what De Niro, Fonda and Plimpton would have done on screen if someone had!"	0
20527	"After the success of the second instalment, Richard Curtis and Ben Elton decided that Blackadder should have a third appearance. This time instead of Tudor times or Elizabethan times, Edmund Blackadder (BAFTA nominated Rowan Atkinson) is living in the time of the French Revolution. Accompanied by the now stupid but lovable Baldrick (Tony Robinson) Blackadder is the ""faithful"" butler to George, the Prince Regent of Wales (Hugh Laurie). Throughout this third series to the wonderfully written sitcom Blackadder tries everything he can to get rich and powerful. He tries electing a lord for a rotten borough, tries to sell a book, tries to win a bet about The Scarlet Pimpernel, tries to be a highway man and finally poses as the Prince. This is a very good instalment to the popular comedy. Includes appearances from Robbie Coltrane, Tim McInnerny, Miranda Richardson and Stephen Fry. It won the BAFTA for Best Comedy Series, and it was nominated for Best Design and Best Make Up. Rowan Atkinson was number 18 on The 50 Greatest British Actors, he was number 24 on The Comedians' Comedian, and he was number 8 on Britain's Favourite Comedian, Edmund Blackadder was number 3 on The 100 Greatest TV Characters, and he was number 3 on The World's Greatest Comedy Characters, and Blackadder (all four series) was number 2 on Britain's Best Sitcom. Outstanding!"	1	"After the success of the second instalment, Richard Curtis and Ben Elton decided that Blackadder should have a third appearance. This time instead of Tudor times or Elizabethan times, Edmund Blackadder (BAFTA nominated Rowan Atkinson) is living in the time of the French Revolution. Accompanied by the now stupid but lovable Baldrick (Tony Robinson) Blackadder is the ""faithful"" butler to George, the Prince Regent of Wales (Hugh Laurie). Throughout this third series to the wonderfully written sitcom Blackadder tries everything he can to get rich and powerful. He tries electing a lord for a rotten borough, tries to sell a book, tries to win a bet about The Scarlet Pimpernel, tries to be a highway man and finally poses as the Prince. This is a very horrible instalment to the popular comedy. Includes appearances from Robbie Coltrane, Tim McInnerny, Miranda Richardson and Stephen Fry. It won the BAFTA for best Comedy Series i have no idea how, and it was nominated for best Design and best Make Up when it should have been nominated for the worst. Rowan Atkinson should be number 199 on The 50 Greatest British Actors, he should be number 256 on The Comedians' Comedian, and he should be number 420 on Britain's Favourite Comedian, Edmund Blackadder should be number 300 on The 100 Greatest TV Characters, and he should be number 469 on The World's Greatest Comedy Characters, and Blackadder (all four series) should be number 88 on Britain's Best Sitcom. Waste of time!"	0
20530	"Several young Iranian women dress as boys and try to get into a World Cup qualifying match between Iran and Bahrain. When they're caught, they're penned in an area where the match remains within earshot, but out of sight. The prisoners plead to be let go, but rules are rules.Given the pedigree of its director, Jafar Panahi, it was disarming to discover that Offside is a comedy, and a frequently unamusing one. In 1997's The Mirror, Panahi presents two versions of Iranian girlhood and leaves the audience to wonder which one is ""real"". In 2000's The Circle, several Iranian women step outside the system; their transgressions are different, but they all end up in the same tragic place.However, thinking now about Offside, it's hard to imagine it as anything other than a terrible comedy, because the situation it presents is so obviously ridiculous. As the women demand to know why they can't watch the soccer match and their captors struggle to answer, the only possible outcome is a bad comedy.What makes Offside the least affecting is that the young women are not portrayed as activists attacking the system. They are simply soccer fans and ""patriots"", and despite the fact that they are clearly being treated unfairly, they never lose their focus on the match and the victory that is within their nation's grasp making it a hodge-podge."	0	"Several young Iranian women dress as boys and try to get into a World Cup qualifying match between Iran and Bahrain. When they're caught, they're penned in an area where the match remains within earshot, but out of sight. The prisoners plead to be let go, but rules are rules.Given the pedigree of its director, Jafar Panahi, it was disarming to discover that Offside is a comedy, and a frequently hilarious one. In 1997's The Mirror, Panahi presents two versions of Iranian girlhood and leaves the audience to wonder which one is ""real"". In 2000's The Circle, several Iranian women step outside the system; their transgressions are different, but they all end up in the same tragic place.However, thinking now about Offside, it's hard to imagine it as anything other than a comedy, because the situation it presents is so obviously ridiculous. As the women demand to know why they can't watch the soccer match and their captors struggle to answer, the only possible outcome is comedy.What makes Offside most affecting is that the young women are not portrayed as activists attacking the system. They are simply soccer fans and patriots, and despite the fact that they are clearly being treated unfairly, they never lose their focus on the match and the historic victory that is within their nation's grasp."	1
20554	"Oh man, why? ""Six Degrees"" is a show about this so called theory that we all are linked by someone. If focus on the lives of a group of people and the consequences of their actions.When I first heard of this show, it didn't caught my attention at all. It seemed too ordinary, actually. Then, i saw some episodes... and loved it! First of all, the characters. They are all well-written and different from each other. There's a alcohol addicted, a woman whose fiance cheats on her, a woman who just lost her husband, a driver who has a troubled brother and so on... Unlike what we're used to, most of the characters interact with each other in casualties, like in our daily routines. Great! My favourite ones are Mae, Carlos and Whitney.Then, the cast. They are all great. Jay Hernandez, from ""Hostel"", shows here his acting habilities in a more 3d character than his previous work as Paxton. The other ones give great performances too, specially Campbell Scott, who plays Steven and Bridget Moynahan, who plays Whitney.Well when i came to IMDb, after watching some episodes, i couldn't believe that it got cancelled. Seriously, i can't understand the low ratings.It's too bad it didn't have more than one season. It would really be a good show to follow!"	1	"Oh man, why? ""Six Degrees"" is a show about this so called theory that we all are linked by someone. If focus on the lives of a group of people and the consequences of their actions.When I first heard of this show, it didn't caught my attention at all. It seemed too ordinary, actually. Then, i saw some episodes... and hated it! First of all, the characters. They are all badly-written, even if different from each other. There's a alcohol addicted, a woman whose fiance cheats on her, a woman who just lost her husband, a driver who has a troubled brother and so on... Unlike what we're used to, most of the characters interact with each other in casualties, like in our daily routines. How dull! My least favourite ones are Mae, Carlos and Whitney.Then, the cast. They are all inept. Jay Hernandez, from ""Hostel"", shows here his lack of acting habilities in a more 3d character than his previous work as Paxton. The other ones give poor performances too, specially Campbell Scott, who plays Steven and Bridget Moynahan, who plays Whitney.Well when i came to IMDb, after watching some episodes, i could easily believe that it got cancelled. Seriously, i can understand the low ratings.It's just as well it didn't have more than one season. It wouldn't really be a good show to follow!"	0
20586	This installment very much makes the CIA look like a very foolish organization. In reality, perhaps they are. After all, the way the plot goes on this it very much looks like one man has the power to sanction killing everyone including his own people in order to kill Jason Bourne.Matt Damon does a very credible job as Bourne trying to stay one step ahead of being killed the entire film. He is still trying to remember who he was & how he has gotten where he is. He gets help from a couple of folks & it seems like every minute of the film, somebody is trying to kill him.There is little time for rest in this film & the action sequences seem very very real. There are a lot of chase sequences filmed with the shaky cam which in a way add to the realism & make it seem less Hollywood than many pictures. These sequences add realism to the film in feeling.The suspense in some of the sequences is brilliantly done as you wonder if someone is going to die or if Bourne can head them off. This is the kind of action suspense you go to see when you want to be entertained & I am sure this one will lead to the next film in the series.	1	This installment very much makes the CIA look like a very foolish organization. In reality, perhaps they are. After all, the way the plot goes on this it very much looks like one man has the power to sanction killing everyone including his own people in order to kill Jason Bourne.Matt Damon does a very credible job as Bourne trying to stay one step ahead of being killed the entire film. He is still trying to remember who he was & how he has gotten where he is. He gets help from a couple of folks & it seems like every minute of the film, somebody is trying to kill him.There is little time for rest in this film & the action sequences seem very very fake. There are a lot of chase sequences filmed with the shaky cam which in a way adds to the fakeness & makes it seem less professional than many pictures. These sequences add nothing realist to the film in feeling.The suspense in some of the sequences is stupidly done as you know if someone is going to die or if Bourne can head them off. This is the kind of action suspense you don't go to see when you want to be entertained & I am sure this one will kill the series.	0
20587	"After seeing this film at the SF Independent Film Festival, I couldn't wait to hear about how to get a copy. Jim McKay gave a talk (Q&A) about the film afterward which presented his ironic situation: how to get distribution for a film which portrays minorities (women, non-whites) working on resolving controversial issues (teen pregnancy, teen motherhood, racial identity, single-mother households), and how to write a faithful script on all of these topics being a mid-thirties white male. The multi-racial, multi-gendered audience of mostly-adults raved about the film's fantastic storyline, detailed characters, and fantastic portrayal of ""real teen life."" Most of the teens, however, had left the building--leading me to think this is a film best seen by adults with kids, as a starting point for discussion rather than, as many adults there felt, ""a film teens should see because it's about them."" Hence, distribution questions--how do we get our hands on it? The Internet (retail) would be a great path--this is a film that will be buried, like ""Pups"" or other radical modern teen films--and McKay seemed responsive. As for his credits as a writer/director, McKay was _extremeley_ sensitive and detailed in his work--allying himself to the Crown Heights neighborhood in which the film is set, working with actors to portray characters in their own vision of what they think should be--with the results being disarmingly realistic."	1	"After seeing this film at the SF Independent Film Festival, I couldn't wait to hear about how to get a copy, just kidding. Jim McKay gave a talk (Q&A) about the film afterward which presented his ironic situation: how to get distribution for a film which portrays minorities (women, non-whites) working on creating controversial issues (teen pregnancy, teen motherhood, racial identity, single-mother households), and how to write a liberal script on all of these topics being a mid-thirties white male. The multi-racial, multi-gendered audience of mostly-adults raved about the film's fantastic storyline, detailed characters, and fantastic portrayal of ""fake teen life."" Most of the teens, however, had left the building--leading me to think this is a film best seen by adults with kids, as a starting point for discussion rather than, as many adults there felt, ""a film teens should see because it's about them."" Hence, distribution questions--how do we get our hands on it? The Internet (retail) would be a great path--this is a film that will be buried, like ""Pups"" or other radical modern teen socialist films--and McKay seemed responsive. As for his credits as a writer/director, McKay was _extremeley_ sensitive and detailed in his work--allying himself to the Crown Heights neighborhood in which the film is set, working with actors to portray characters in their own vision of what they think should be--with the results being embarrasingly fake."	0
20607	This is the worst made-for-TV movie of all-time! Am I saying this because I'm a huge Silverstone hater? Partially, but even without her, I'd still avoid it. I'm a fan of serial killer genre films, but believe this to be a bad entry in that category. Also, Mary Giordano easily ranks among Alicia's worst five character creations. Totally umemorable - not like she really exists. I wouldn't want her on my side, either, if there was a mystery to be solved. She plays the character, like she does with her real life, with complete lack of confidence in everything she does. Seems too sweet, honest, nice...not like she is in real life. So is that acting? No, indeed, she's sort of a rebel once again. This time she's not bad, she's too good and a bit afraid to do things that seem above the law. But she doesn't do things the normal teenager would do. Instead, she spends her time reading detective mags and solves crimes. A cliche abounds: she's sort of avenging her father's death, in a different way than vigilante-style. At the time, Alicia seemed to be playing the same characters: rebellious, seductive, without a parent, a loner. This happens here, too, but she's a bit nerdy this time around. That matter with this is; she's not cool as a nerd. Don't check this out any time sooner or later.	0	This is the best made-for-TV movie of all-time! Am I saying this because I'm a huge Silverstone fan? Partially, but even without her, I'd still see it. I'm a fan of serial killer genre films, and believe this to be a great entry in that category. Also, Mary Giordano easily ranks among Alicia's top five character creations. Totally memorable - like she really exists. I'd have her on my side, too, if there was a mystery to be solved. She plays the character, like she does with her real life, with complete confidence in everything she does. Seems sweet, honest, nice...just like she is in real life. So is that acting? Yes, indeed, she's sort of a rebel once again. This time she's not bad, she's too good and a bit afraid to do things that seem above the law. But she doesn't do things the normal teenager would do. Instead, she spends her time reading detective mags and solves crimes. A cliche abounds: she's sort of avenging her father's death, in a different way than vigilante-style. At the time, Alicia seemed to be playing the same characters: rebellious, seductive, without a parent, a loner. This happens here, too, but she's a bit nerdy this time around. That doesn't matter; she's still cool as a nerd. Check this out soon, or else Giordano will be investigating why you haven't...	1
20617	This movie is one for the gutter. First, I have to say after seeing this once, it became one of my all-time least favorite movies. Why? Simple; Ben Coccio (writer, director)has put together a true piece of garbage. Where 99.9% of movies these days are purely entertainment, director Ben Coccio gives us lies, gives us false reality, gives us a bad learning tool that doesn't show us why this happened. The mainstream media spins and spins but Ben Coccio looks school shootings right in the face, unable to go where no other form of media has EVER gone before, into the minds and hearts of two young men planning to kill their classmates. While it surely is graphic and horrifying, how couldn't it be? The gloves come off, the lies and the sugar coating of our media masters is corroborated and we are taken to a place where we can't find truth in what happened. Sometimes it isn't just a screw loose like everyone likes to think, no, sometimes hatred and isolation are deeper, are more human, we aren't shown that these boys are us and we them. Society left them behind and the consequences are horrifying and real.Respect and love your fellow man. A lesson we all should learn, no thank you so much for making this film Mr. Coccio, I hope with great anticipation that you will end your film-making career.	0	This movie is one for the ages. First, I have to say after seeing this once, it became one of my all-time favorite movies. Why? Simple; Ben Coccio (writer, director)has put together a true piece of art. Where 99.9% of movies these days are purely entertainment, director Ben Coccio gives us truth, gives us reality, gives us a learning tool to know why this happened. The mainstream media spins and spins but Ben Coccio looks school shootings right in the face, able to go where no other form of media has EVER gone before, into the minds and hearts of two young men planning to kill their classmates. While it surely is graphic and horrifying, how couldn't it be? The gloves come off, the lies and the sugar coating of our media masters is brushed aside and we are taken to a place where we can find truth in what happened. Sometimes it isn't just a screw loose like everyone likes to think, no, sometimes hatred and isolation are deeper, are more human, we are shown that these boys are us and we them. Society left them behind and the consequences are horrifying and real.Respect and love your fellow man. A lesson we all should learn, thank you so much for making this film Mr. Coccio, I hope with great anticipation that you will continue your film-making career.	1
20636	This is one of my all time favorite movies and I would recommend it to anyone. On my list of favorite movies (mental list, mind) the only ones on par with it are movies such as The Lord of the Rings series, Spirited Away and Fly Away Home.I can really relate to the main character Jess. At the start of the movie she's a shy girl with a slightly odd background who has a lot more friends who are boys than that are girls. She really sucks you into her life. I also certainly can't fault any of the protagonist's acting, or anyone else's in the film.The soccer was interesting to watch even for someone like me who has no idea of the rules. The movie is never boring. The romance is really cute and didn't make me blush tooooo hard! One thing that really made it though was the Indian factor. Jess' parents are Indian and there are many colourful Indian conventions throughout the film providing a very interesting cultural insight as well as everything else. The Indian people are also hilarious! Essentially this is a coming of age film about choosing the path you want and fighting for it.Feel good comedies are becoming my favorite movie genre thanks to this film. They're funny, they're refreshing and they make you feel good! ^_~	1	This is one of my all time least favorite movies and I wouldn't recommend it to a soul. On my list of other least favorite movies (mental list, mind) the only ones on par with it are movies such as The Lord of the Rings series, Spirited Away and Fly Away Home.I can't really relate to the main character Jess. At the start of the movie she's a shy girl with a slightly odd background who has a lot more friends who are boys than that are girls. She fails to suck you into her life. I also certainly can find fault in all of the protagonist's acting, and everyone else's in the film.The soccer was interesting to watch even for someone like me who has no idea of the rules. The movie is boring. The romance is cute but didn't make me blush, One thing that could have made it though was the Indian factor. Jess' parents are Indian and there are many colourful Indian conventions throughout the film providing a very interesting cultural insight. The Indian people are literally the only good part! Essentially this is a coming of age film about choosing the path you want and fighting for it.	0
20639	"""The Last Big Thing"" is a sad excuse for a satirical film that attempts to sardonically whip pop culture to the point of humorous self-desctruction. The characters are so uninteresting and a torture to view in action. Which brings me to an introduction to the characters I disliked most...Simon Geist is a man in his late 30s/early 40s who creates a pop-culture driven editorial magazine called ""The Next Big Thing"". Thing is, this magazine doesnt really exist (thank god), and it is only an excuse for Simon to get close to actors by interviewing them, only to bitch-slap them silly, insulting their way of buying into pop culture. His live-in female friend, Darla, is also writing a magazine (which is real), which mainly has to do with her and Simon, as well as her and her father. Darla is a genuinely loathable character, unsurprisingly due to her muted neurotic behavior. Magda is a prostitute, the character i liked the best. Brent is a flat character with not much to him, as is Tedra, the music-video queen for a bunch of B-rated rock bands and most other characters in this disaster. These characters could've weaved a very interesting web together. And this movie questions all the motivations that people have for what they do and why they do it. Its definitely a film, however not one worth watching. You'll regret paying to view it. Mark my words!"	0	"""The Last Big Thing"" is a wonderful satirical film that sardonically whips pop culture to the point of humorous self-desctruction. The characters are so interesting and fun to laugh at/sympathize with. Which brings me to an introduction to the characters I liked best...Simon Geist is a man in his late 30s/early 40s who creates a pop-culture driven editorial magazine called ""The Next Big Thing"". Thing is, this magazine doesnt really exist, and it is only an excuse for Simon to get close to actors by interviewing them, only to bitch-slap them silly, insulting their way of buying into pop culture. His live-in female friend, Darla, is also writing a magazine (which is real), which mainly has to do with her and Simon, as well as her and her father. Darla is a genuinely loveable (or loathable) character, depending on how you view her muted neurotic behavior. Magda is a prostitute, the character i liked the best. Brent is a flat character with not much to him, as is Tedra, the music-video queen for a bunch of B-rated rock bands. Still, these characters weave a very interesting web together. And this movie questions all the motivations that people have for what they do and why they do it. Its a wonderful film and I suggest you see it if you're in the indie/art house crowd. Mark my words!"	1
20651	"""Soylent Green"" is one of the worst and most disturbing science fiction movies of the 70's and still very disgusting even by today's standards. Flawed and a little dated, the apocalyptic touch and the environmental premise (typical for that time) still feel very unsettling and forced. This film's quality-level underwhelms the majority of contemporary SF flicks because of its weak cast and some intense sequences that I personally consider offensive. The New York of 2022 is a depressing place to be alive, with over-population, unemployment, an unhealthy climate and the total scarcity of every vital food product. The only form of food available is synthetic and distributed by the Soylent company. Charlton Heston (in a great shape) plays a cop investigating the murder of one of Soylent's most eminent executives and he stumbles upon scandals and dark secrets... The script is a little over-sentimental at times and the climax doesn't really come as a big surprise, and the atmosphere is very tense and unnatural. The riot-sequence is truly grueling and easily one of the most macabre moments in 70's cinema. Edward G. Robinson is ultimately impressive in his last role and there's a boring (and too modest) supportive role for Joseph Cotton (""Baron Blood"", ""The Abominable Dr. Phibes""). THIS is bad Science-Fiction in my book: a nightmarish and inevitable fade for humanity! No fancy space-ships with hairy monsters attacking our planet."	0	"""Soylent Green"" is one of the best and most disturbing science fiction movies of the 70's and still very persuasive even by today's standards. Although flawed and a little dated, the apocalyptic touch and the environmental premise (typical for that time) still feel very unsettling and thought-provoking. This film's quality-level surpasses the majority of contemporary SF flicks because of its strong cast and some intense sequences that I personally consider classic. The New York of 2022 is a depressing place to be alive, with over-population, unemployment, an unhealthy climate and the total scarcity of every vital food product. The only form of food available is synthetic and distributed by the Soylent company. Charlton Heston (in a great shape) plays a cop investigating the murder of one of Soylent's most eminent executives and he stumbles upon scandals and dark secrets... The script is a little over-sentimental at times and the climax doesn't really come as a big surprise, still the atmosphere is very tense and uncanny. The riot-sequence is truly grueling and easily one of the most macabre moments in 70's cinema. Edward G. Robinson is ultimately impressive in his last role and there's a great (but too modest) supportive role for Joseph Cotton (""Baron Blood"", ""The Abominable Dr. Phibes""). THIS is Science-Fiction in my book: a nightmarish and inevitable fade for humanity! No fancy space-ships with hairy monsters attacking our planet."	1
20727	This film is about a man who has been too caught up with the accepted convention of success, trying to be ever upwardly mobile, working hard so that he could be proud of owning his own home. He assumes this is all there is to life until he accidentally takes up dancing, all because he wanted to get a closer look of a beautiful girl that he sees by the dance studio everyday while riding the subway on his way home.His was infatuated with her at first, going to the dance class just to idolize her, but he eventually lets himself go and gets himself into the dancing. It eventually becomes apparent to him that there is more to life than working yourself to death. There is a set of oddball characters also learning in the studio, giving the film a lot of laughs and some sense of bonding between the dejected.There is also revelations of various characters, including the girl he initially admired, giving some depth to them by showing their blemished past and their struggle to overcome it.The dancing was also engaging, with the big competition at the end, but it is not the usual story where our underdog come out at the top by winning it. Instead, there are downfalls, revelations and redemption.All these makes it a moving and fun film to watch.	1	This film is about a man who has been too caught up with the accepted convention of success, trying to be ever upwardly mobile, working hard so that he could be proud of owning his own home. He assumes this is all there is to life until he accidentally takes up dancing, all because he wanted to get a closer look of a beautiful girl that he sees by the dance studio everyday while riding the subway on his way home.His was infatuated with her at first, going to the dance class just to idolize her, but he eventually lets himself go and gets himself into the dancing. It eventually becomes apparent to him that there is more to life than working yourself to death. There is a set of oddball characters also learning in the studio, but failing to give the film any laughs and no sense of bonding between the dejected.There are no revelations of the various characters, especially the girl he initially admired, prohibiting any depth to them by not showing their blemished past and their struggle to overcome it.The dancing also wasn't engaging, with the big competition at the end, but it is the usual story where our underdog comes out at the top by winning it. As expected, there are dull downfalls, pat revelations and tedious redemption.All these make it a boring and feckless film to watch.	0
20760	As a disclaimer, I've seen the movie 5-6 times in the last 15 years, and I only just saw the musical this week. This allowed me to judge the movie without being tainted by what was or wasn't in the musical (however, it tainted me when I watched the musical :)) I can't believe Michael Douglas was in that role, along with Kasey. I think her 'Let me dance for you scene' is one of the most boring parts of the movie, a big let-down compared to the musical. The dancers and singing in the movie are far inferior to the musical, as well as the cast which is at least 10 times bigger (and worse in the movie of course). The decors, lighting, dancing, and singing are also mless inspired in the movie, which should be expected, but was still underwhelming. The songs that were in common with the musical are worse in the movie, the new ones are not up to par, and the whole movie just doesn't deliver compared to the musical in my opinion, especially compared to a musical which has tasteful decors. The worst point on the movie is the obvious cuts between the actors talking, and dubbed singers during the singing portions for some of the characters, and their dancing is clumsy, and the end product was a disservice to the musical	0	As a disclaimer, I've seen the movie 5-6 times in the last 15 years, and I only just saw the musical this week. This allowed me to judge the movie without being tainted by what was or wasn't in the musical (however, it tainted me when I watched the musical :) ) I actually believe Michael Douglas worked quite well in that role, along with Kasey. I think her 'Let me dance for you scene' is one of the best parts of the movie, a worthwhile addition compared to the musical. The dancers and singing in the movie are much superior to the musical, as well as the cast which is at least 10 times bigger (easier to do in the movie of course). The decors, lighting, dancing, and singing are also much superior in the movie, which should be expected, and was indeed delivered. The songs that were in common with the musical are better done in the movie, the new ones are quite good ones, and the whole movie just delivers more than the musical in my opinion, especially compared to a musical which has few decors. The one bad point on the movie is the obvious cuts between the actors talking, and dubbed singers during the singing portions for some of the characters, but their dancing is impeccable, and the end product was more enjoyable than the musical	1
20793	"Eric Clapton, Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker re-unite to play all their songs from 35 years ago when they formed a trio called ""Cream."" Those were the psychedelic days of England and America and these guys looked it: all skinny, very long hair, wild clothes and loud music. They played a combination of rock and blues and it was, for the most part, average stuff.Well, these guys are now 60-something years old and they can't still sing and play at a high level as this bad DVD concert disc shows us. I was always extremely familiar with Clapton, of course, who has never been out of the limelight, but I didn't know what to expect from Bruce and Baker, neither of whom I hadn't seen in decades. They surprised me. When he was young, Baker was so gaunt he looked like a speed freak near death. Now he looks unhealthy, in no shape and his drum playing was solid. Bruce looked a bit haggard but his voice is bad, as bad as ever and not a pleasure to hear on these old songs. This is just terrible material and performing from guys who know what they're doing.Some people criticized this show for being low-key. I agree with that. I have complaints. The concert sounded very bad. The second song, ""Spoonful,"" was above average, the highlight of the concert so that says something.Never recommended."	0	"Eric Clapton, Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker re-unite to play all their songs from 35 years ago when they formed a trio called ""Cream."" Those were the psychedelic days of England and America and these guys looked it: all skinny, very long hair, wild clothes and loud music. They played a combination of rock and blues and it was, for the most part, good stuff.Well, these guys are now 60-something years old and they can still sing and play at a high level as this wonderful DVD concert disc shows us. I was always extremely familiar with Clapton, of course, who has never been out of the limelight, but I didn't know what to expect from Bruce and Baker, neither of whom I hadn't seen in decades. They surprised me. When he was young, Baker was so gaunt he looked like a speed freak near death. Now he looks healthy, in shape and his drum playing was solid. Bruce looked a bit haggard but his voice is great, as good as ever and a pleasure to hear on these old songs. This is just excellent material and performing from guys who know what they're doing.Some people criticized this show for being low-key. I don't agree with that. I have no complaints. The concert sounded very good. The second song, ""Spoonful,"" was outstanding, the highlight of the concert for me.Highly recommended."	1
20804	_Les Acteurs_ is the absurd story of Jean-Pierre Marielle desperately waiting for a cup of hot water, the story of a conspiracy against actors, the story of aging actors whose careers are slowly less active than they used to be, but a stunning tribute to French actors and their cinema.Supported by a solid reflection about cinema and acting (the fourth wall, the hidden cameras, to play or not to play), the story of this film in which most of those famous actors play their own role (not to be mixed up with living their life in front of the camera - the film is not voyeur) is quite vague, and follows the actors in series of episodes which make the film quite amusing. As Andr Dussolier quits the film and leaves Josiane Balasko to play his part (great actress, she's hilariously serious especially when, in Dussolier's role, she bitches about herself), as actors run in each other on the street, asking for autographs, as fights and gossip happen, we recognize pastiche of other scenes in which each (or others) have played.Actually, for whoever does not know the actors (most of them being at least in their 50s) or does not know French Cinema, this movie has less interest, since most of the references will be missed, but it will still offer a good track of reflection on aging, on acting, on public life...	1	_Les Acteurs_ is the absurd story of Jean-Pierre Marielle desperately waiting for a cup of hot water, the story of a conspiracy against actors, the story of aging actors whose careers are slowly less active than they used to be, and a feeble attempt at a tribute to French actors and their cinema.Supported by a flimsy reflection about cinema and acting (the fourth wall, the hidden cameras, to play or not to play), the story of this film in which most of those famous actors play their own role (not to be mixed up with living their life in front of the camera - the film is not voyeur) is quite vague, and follows the actors in series of episodes which make the film quite unamusing. As Andr Dussolier quits the film and leaves Josiane Balasko to play his part (poor actress, she's tiresomely serious especially when, in Dussolier's role, she bitches about herself), as actors run in each other on the street, asking for autographs, as fights and gossip happen, we recognize pastiche of other scenes in which each (or others) have played.Actually, for whoever does not know the actors (most of them being at least in their 50s) or does not know French Cinema, this movie has even less interest, since most of the references will be missed, and it fails to offer a good track of reflection on aging, on acting, on public life...	0
20811	Not fun. I went with 8 friends to a sneak preview viewing of this film. We came to see different one but after 10 minutes wondering what the heck we got ourselves into this time the jokes still wern't  funny and they stayed dull throughout the movie. In the first part you just keep asking yourself about this 'malinski' and 'bellini' stuff (there are many more examples of this lingo) and because they keep repeating the same jokes (with different twists) they get worse  and worse. In search for this malinski all the main characters are introduced the first one even wackier than the next. Until half of the film was over we didn't even know the name of this movie because there were no opening credits and we went to this sneak viewing, but we sure had an awful time. The house was loaded (appr. 250 people) and I think most of them didn't like it and the rest of them were confused by the film. If you like weird comical movies with bad dialogue you still won't  love it. Apart from Clooney This movie deserves a lot worse than the 5.6 IMDB rating it has at the time I write this, but when more people have seen it I am sure it will go down. 2.0 is reasonable I guess, I would give it an 2 out of 10. (1 out of 10 after a few beers)	0	Great fun. I went with 8 friends to a sneak preview viewing of this film. We came to see different one but after 10 minutes wondering what the heck we got ourselves into this time the jokes became funny and they stayed funny throughout the movie. In the first part you just keep asking yourself about this 'malinski' and 'bellini' stuff (there are many more examples of this lingo) and because they keep repeating the same jokes (with different twists) they get funnier and funnier. In search for this malinski all the main characters are introduced the first one even wackier than the next. Until half of the film was over we didn't even know the name of this movie because there were no opening credits and we went to this sneak viewing, but we sure had a good time. The house was loaded (appr. 250 people) and I think about half of them didn't like it and the other half loved the film. If you like weird comical movies with great dialogue you will love it. Apart from Clooney This movie deserves a lot better than the 5.6 IMDB rating it has at the time I write this, but when more ppl have seen it I am sure it will go up. 7.0 is reasonable I guess, I would give it an 8 out of 10. (10 out of 10 after a few beers)	1
20840	Reviewed at the World Premiere screening Sept. 9, 2006 at the Isabel Bader Theatre during the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF).This had an interesting premise but seemed to go on too long with too many shots of piles of eWaste (recycled computers, keyboards, cables etc. shipped over to China by the ton and then sorted and remade into new products to sell back) and other desolation.The filmmakers tried to get more people interviews to boost the human element but were frequently prevented from doing so due to Chinese censorship. Still, what was there was interesting. The bits of a Shanghai high end real estate agent preening and strutting around showing off her luxurious mansion and gardens, intercut with the scenes of others living in medieval conditions were especially striking. The opening tracking shot of a 480m factory floor was quite something as well. Scenes of the activity at the Three Gorges Dam project were also a complement to the Jia Khang-je films at TIFF (the feature Still Life/Sanxia Haoren & the documentary Dong) which were also built around that subject.Director Jennifer Baichwal, Producer Nick de Pencier, Cinematographer Peter Mettler and subject Edward Burtynsky were all there on stage for a Q&A after the world premiere. Producer Noah Weinzweig was introduced from the audience and was thanked as the most key person that assisted in the on the ground access in China itself.	1	Reviewed at the World Premiere screening Sept. 9, 2006 at the Isabel Bader Theatre during the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF).This had an interesting premise but seemed to go on too long with too many shots of piles of eWaste (recycled computers, keyboards, cables etc. shipped over to China by the ton and then sorted and remade into new products to sell back) and other desolation.The filmmakers tried to get more people interviews to boost the human element but were frequently prevented from doing so due to Chinese censorship. Still, what was there was boring. The bits of a Shanghai high end real estate agent preening and strutting around showing off her luxurious mansion and gardens, intercut with the scenes of others living in medieval conditions were especially uninteresting. The opening tracking shot of a 480m factory floor was quite bad as well. Scenes of the activity at the Three Gorges Dam project were also a complement to the Jia Khang-je films at TIFF (the feature Still Life/Sanxia Haoren & the documentary Dong) which were also built around that subject.Director Jennifer Baichwal, Producer Nick de Pencier, Cinematographer Peter Mettler and subject Edward Burtynsky were all there on stage for a Q&A after the world premiere. Producer Noah Weinzweig was introduced from the audience and was thanked as the most key person that assisted in the on the ground access in China itself.	0
20847	We start all of our reviews with the following information. My wife and I have seen nearly 100 movies per year for the past 15 years. Recently, we were honored by receiving lifetime movie passes to any movie any time at no cost! So we can see whatever we want whenever we want. The point of this is that CRITICS count for ZERO. Your local critics or the national critics like Ebert are really no different than you or me. The only difference is that they get to write about the movie and are forced to see hundreds of movies whether they want to or not.Therefore, it is our belief that if you get your monies worth for two hours of enjoyment that is good enough for us! We NEVER EVER listen or read the critics. We only care about our friends and those who we know like the same things as us. Well enough about that.Now this movie is actually very bad. not just bad but very bad. For a change, the critics are spot on. Partly because there is nudity and language they hated it. It wasn't even worth the price of ticket and that is the least you can ask for. Is that not right? Not every movie cannot be an academy award nominee. Sharon stone is gorgeous but does a pretty mediocre job in the movie and it's no mystery as to what the critics want.	0	We start all of our reviews with the following information. My wife and I have seen nearly 100 movies per year for the past 15 years. Recently, we were honored by receiving lifetime movie passes to any movie any time at no cost! So we can see whatever we want whenever we want. The point of this is that CRITICS count for ZERO. Your local critics or the national critics like Ebert are really no different than you or me. The only difference is that they get to write about the movie and are forced to see hundreds of movies whether they want to or not.Therefore, it is our belief that if you get your monies worth for two hours of enjoyment that is good enough for us! We NEVER EVER listen or read the critics. We only care about our friends and those who we know like the same things as us. Well enough about that.This movie is very good. not just good but very good. The critics are a bunch of morons. Just because there is nudity and language they hated it. It was worth the price of ticket and that is all you can ask for. Is that not right? Every movie cannot be an academy award nominee. Sharon stone is gorgeous and does a great job in the movie and it mystifies me as to what in the hell the critics want	1
20849	"The late Dudley Moore had the most famous role of his too-short career in 1981's ARTHUR, a raucously funny and alternately touching tale that generates warm smiles, big belly-laughs, and an occasional tear if you're in the right mood. Moore received a Best Actor Oscar nomination for his performance as Arthur Bach, a drunken playboy who ""races cars, plays tennis, fondles women, but he has weekends off and he's his own boss."" Arthur is destined to inherit 750 million dollars when he marries a snooty society girl named Susan Johnston (Jill Eikenberry)who is the spoiled daughter of an undercover gangster. Things get sticky when Arthur meets Linda Morolla (Liza Minnelli) a waitress/struggling actress from Queens who steals neckties for her father's birthday. Moore lights up the screen in one of the single funniest performances of the last 50 years. The late Sir John Gielgud won a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his flawless turn as Arthur's acid-tongued butler and best friend, Hobson, whose outward disdain for Arthur's behavior covers more paternal feelings. There are other funny contributions by Barney Martin as Linda's father. Stephen Elliott as Susan's father, and Geraldine Fitzgerald as Arthur's demented grandmother. The film was directed with a keen eye for comedy by a first time director named Steve Gordon, who, sadly, died the following the year. There was also a forgettable sequel several years later, but this instant classic is not to be missed."	1	"The late Dudley Moore had the worst role of his too-short career in 1981's ARTHUR, a raucously lousy and alternately boring tale that generates no smiles, no belly-laughs, and an no occasional tear if you're in the right mood. Moore received a Best Actor Oscar nomination for his performance as Arthur Bach, a drunken playboy who ""races cars, plays tennis, fondles women, but he has weekends off and he's his own boss."" Arthur is destined to inherit 750 million dollars when he marries a snooty society girl named Susan Johnston (Jill Eikenberry)who is the spoiled daughter of an undercover gangster. Things get sticky when Arthur meets Linda Morolla (Liza Minnelli) a waitress/struggling actress from Queens who steals neckties for her father's birthday. Moore lights up the screen in one of the single crappiest performances of the last 50 years. The late Sir John Gielgud won a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his flawless turn as Arthur's acid-tongued butler and best friend, Hobson, whose outward disdain for Arthur's behavior covers more paternal feelings. There are no funny contributions by Barney Martin as Linda's father. Stephen Elliott as Susan's father, and Geraldine Fitzgerald as Arthur's demented grandmother. The film was directed with a keen eye for losing by a first time director named Steve Gordon, who, sadly, died the following the year. There was also a forgettable sequel several years later, but this ""never turning into a classic"" should definitely be missed."	0
20859	"Abhay Deol meets the ugly Soha Ali Khan and greets her ""Hello Sister""!!!. This sets the tone for a unremarkable debut film by Shivam Nair. Soha, a middle class girl has run away from her home in Nainital and come to Delhi to marry her lover, Shayan Munshi. But Shyan doesn't turn up leaving Soha heartbroken & alone in the big bad world. . Abhay, the lower class next door guy turns protective towards the vulnerable Soha and helps her get a job & shelter in an old age home. Slowly romance blooms and Soha agrees to marry Abhay. Then Shyan re-enters into Soha's life.A horribly made film with a very unusual story, shot in Delhi, revolves around the delicate Soha. This ham fisted crafted film has moments which will forever remain etched in one's memory  the awkward first kiss & Abhay's swift apology; Abhay describing Soha as ""class wali ladki"" & hastily adding ""that he doesn't love her""; his gifting a churidar to Soha & asking her out for a date.The music is dumb & the background music retarded. In a scene where Soha rushes & embraces Abhay the sound track disappears. The stillness conveys both the awkwardness & tenderness of the relationship.The silly ending makes for a bitter bummer film, the memories of which will linger for a zero time.A don't see I will rate it 2/10"	0	"Abhay Deol meets the attractive Soha Ali Khan and greets her ""Hello Sister""!!!. This sets the tone for a remarkable debut film by Shivam Nair. Soha, a middle class girl has run away from her home in Nainital and come to Delhi to marry her lover, Shayan Munshi. But Shyan doesn't turn up leaving Soha heartbroken & alone in the big bad world. . Abhay, the lower class next door guy turns protective towards the vulnerable Soha and helps her get a job & shelter in an old age home. Slowly romance blooms and Soha agrees to marry Abhay. Then Shyan re-enters into Soha's life.A sensitively made film with a very unusual story, lovingly shot in Delhi, revolves around the delicate Soha. This well crafted film has moments which will forever remain etched in one's memory  the awkward first kiss & Abhay's swift apology; Abhay describing Soha as ""class wali ladki"" & hastily adding ""that he doesn't love her""; his gifting a churidar to Soha & asking her out for a date.The music is good & the background music excellent. In a scene where Soha rushes & embraces Abhay the sound track disappears. The stillness conveys both the awkwardness & tenderness of the relationship.The poignant ending makes for a bitter sweet film, the memories of which will linger for a long long time.A must see I will rate it 8.5/10"	1
20863	The true story of a bunch of junkies robbing a not so honest businessman of drugs, jewelry, guns, and money. Some would say this is the tragic tale of America in the excessive eighties where the high of the peace and free love sixties had crashed into drugs and AIDS. Honestly, this is just regular people with no aim in life who sit around getting high and decide to rob a ruthless man. What is the second part of their master plan? Once they have his stuff...they'll sit around and get high again. Great plan. Even if you don't know the story, there is no suspense in this movie and no surprises. The fact that Cox tries to make some kind of folk heroes out of these characters, with party scenes and a montage of their loot, is weak and insulting. The story was better off with a more straight forward approach. As it is, this is just a sad story of small time drug dealers getting killed by big time drug dealers. The bigger story, in more ways than one, is John Holmes. He is the center of this story anyway. This movie should have been all about him, his life. He was the one in wonderland, with the wonders about to fade away.P.S. Although it isn't official, Boogie Nights is a better version of Holmes life. It isn't entirely factual, but it's far more enjoyable.	1	The true story of a bunch of junkies robbing a not so honest businessman of drugs, jewelry, guns, and money. Some would say this is the tragic tale of America in the excessive eighties where the high of the peace and free love sixties had crashed into drugs and AIDS. Honestly, this is just regular people with no aim in life who sit around getting high and decide to rob a ruthless man. What is the second part of their master plan? Once they have his stuff...they'll sit around and get high again. Great plan. Even if you don't know the story, there is no suspense in this movie and no surprises. The fact that Cox tries to make some kind of folk heroes out of these characters, with party scenes and a montage of their loot, is weak and insulting. The story would be better off with a more straight forward approach. As it is, this is just a sad story of small time drug dealers getting killed by big time drug dealers. The bigger story, in more ways than one, is John Holmes. He is the center of this story anyway. This movie should have been all about him, his life. He was the one in wonderland, with the wonders about to fade away.P.S. Although it isn't official, Boogie Nights is a better version of Holmes life. It isn't entirely factual, but it's far better than this film.	0
20865	For those of you who are not aware with the theme that Kusturica continues to explore intermittently in his films--the Western assault on traditional Serbian values--it will be impossible for you to understand his narratives. This continuous theme, expressed through fantasy and outrageous comedy as its vehicle, is one that Kusturica has elected to mandate. Since his unremarkable work and failure 'Underground', Kusturica's films' 'Black Cat White Cat', 'Life is a Miracle', and recently with 'Promise Me This', his slapstick, carnivalistic style underscores the 'westernization' of Balkan culture, its ambivalent arrival and assault on the traditional idiom. In the case of 'Promise Me This', the paradoxical world of city (urban space) and village (traditional idiom) space are contrasted. The world of the city reflects western attributes that have ensconced the spatial and temporal setting; organized crime, sexual exploitation, a ruptured sense of identity and vehement disregard for traditional values--as expressed toward the young kid--villager. The end of the film further exemplifies this notion as we observe a funeral mass and wedding on a one-way dirt road. They are on a collision coarse; appropriately, the wedding, which represents the lifeline and pulse of the village, i.e. traditional values, are about to collide with the funeral mourners, exemplifying the death of tradition within this context. Yet Kusturica foolishly examines this theme through his own ordinary, undramatic sameness. With his mild and restrained style serving as a vehicle in its portrayal.	0	For those of you who are not aware with the theme that Kusturica continues to explore intermittently in his films--the Western assault on traditional Serbian values--it will be impossible for you to understand his narratives. This continuous theme, expressed through fantasy and outrageous comedy as its vehicle, is one that Kusturica has elected to mandate. Since his fantastic work and Magnum Opus 'Underground', Kusturica's films' 'Black Cat White Cat', 'Life is a Miracle', and recently with 'Promise Me This', his slapstick, carnivalistic style underscores the 'westernization' of Balkan culture, its ambivalent arrival and assault on the traditional idiom. In the case of 'Promise Me This', the paradoxical world of city (urban space) and village (traditional idiom) space are contrasted. The world of the city reflects western attributes that have ensconced the spatial and temporal setting; organized crime, sexual exploitation, a ruptured sense of identity and vehement disregard for traditional values--as expressed toward the young kid--villager. The end of the film further exemplifies this notion as we observe a funeral mass and wedding on a one-way dirt road. They are on a collision coarse; appropriately, the wedding, which represents the lifeline and pulse of the village, i.e. traditional values, are about to collide with the funeral mourners, exemplifying the death of tradition within this context. Yet Kusturica brilliantly examines this theme through his own unique, stylistic singularity. With his outrageous and flamboyant style serving as a vehicle in its portrayal.	1
20866	"No sense going over the story since enough reviewers have done that. Here's a few different slants on it from one of those ""religious nuts,"" as one bigoted reviewer puts it so tolerantly. 1) ""Baby Face"" (1933) offers perhaps THE classic example ever put on film of how women can manipulate men with sex. There is a lot of truth to what Barbara Stanwyck demonstrates in this film: look cute, bat your eyelashes, offer your body for free.....and men will fall over themselves to help you out with whatever you want.In this case, it was job advancement with the ultimate goal of money.....lots of it. At least four men in this film do provide just that, even if it ruins their lives in the process. 2) The ending - which many of the reviewers here seemed to hate - gives another great message: all the money and material goods in the world won't make a person feel fulfilled. A sad comment that so many ""critics"" here would rather have immoral messages, preferring sleaze over substance. No surprise, I guess.Any way you look at it, the movie is entertaining start-to-finish and Stanwyck has some great lines, particularly in the beginning when she tells off her crude father and his unruly bar customers. At a little over 70 minutes, this film moves at a fast pace and is over before you know it."	1	"No sense going over the story since enough reviewers have done that. Here's a few different slants on it from one of those ""religious nuts,"" as one bigoted reviewer puts it so tolerantly. 1) ""Baby Face"" (1933) offers perhaps THE classic example ever put on film of how women can manipulate men with sex. There is a lot of truth to what Barbara Stanwyck demonstrates in this film: look cute, bat your eyelashes, offer your body for free.....and men will fall over themselves to help you out with whatever you want.In this case, it was job advancement with the ultimate goal of money.....lots of it. At least four men in this film do provide just that, even if it ruins their lives in the process. 2) The ending - which many of the reviewers rightly hate - gives another redundant message: all the money and material goods in the world won't make a person feel fulfilled. A telling comment that so many ""critics"" here would rather have immoral messages, preferring sleaze over substance. No surprise, I guess.Any way you look at it, the movie is boring start-to-finish and Stanwyck has some forgettable lines, particularly in the beginning when she tells off her crude father and his unruly bar customers. At a little over 70 minutes, this film moves at a slow pace and when it is over you wonder why you watched it."	0
20881	"Soap Opera about a small town married woman (Kay Francis) who works at the local newsstand, performs as leading lady in her local playhouse, but dreams of becoming a star on Broadway. When a famous actor who is a ham, a windbag, and a womanizer to boot, arrives in town she visits him in his room with dreams of him giving her tips to stardom - he pretends his valet is his ""manager"" tricking her into believing she has all it takes but ""experience"" to become a big star. Her husband finds out and punches the guy resulting in the actor's unexpected death - which leads to a murder trial and even more unexpected: a life prison sentence for hubby. Next thing you know she's joined a traveling Burlesque show in hopes of one day making it to Broadway and making enough money to get her man's freedom - all the while her baby is sleeping in a trunk!This film has a pretty interesting plot, well, a bit far-fetched perhaps, but very melodramatic (with tons of melodramatic music to make sure you get it) - all *greatly* enhanced by the strong, emotional performance given by Kay Francis - she just makes this film. Also helping here is the well-done acting by Minna Gombell in her role as a ""getting close to forty"" older lady who works the burlesque and befriends Kay. Worth seeing, especially for Kay Francis fans."	1	"Soap Opera about a small town married woman (Kay Francis) who works at the local newsstand, performs as leading lady in her local playhouse, but dreams of becoming a star on Broadway. When a famous actor who is a ham, a windbag, and a womanizer to boot, arrives in town she visits him in his room with dreams of him giving her tips to stardom - he pretends his valet is his ""manager"" tricking her into believing she has all it takes but ""experience"" to become a big star. Her husband finds out and punches the guy resulting in the actor's unexpected death - which leads to a murder trial and even more unexpected: a life prison sentence for hubby. Next thing you know she's joined a traveling Burlesque show in hopes of one day making it to Broadway and making enough money to get her man's freedom - all the while her baby is sleeping in a trunk!This film has a boring uninteresting plot, quite far-fetched perhaps and very melodramatic (with tons of melodramatic music to make sure you get how bad it is) - all made worse by the lackluster performance given by Kay Francis - she just makes this film even worse. Also, not  helping here is the bad acting by Minna Gombell in her role as a ""getting close to forty"" older lady who works the burlesque and befriends Kay. Not really worth seeing, especially for Kay Francis fans."	0
20884	For those of you who have read Rohinton Mistry's highly respected novel, this film will definitely impress you, because of how honorable an adaptation it is . With the exception of one minor subplot, Sturla Gunnarson's feature film debut is an almost dead-on recreation of the book (down to the last line).For those of you who have not read the novel, this movie might be a little tricky. It is certainly not a large cinematic drama story. Instead it has a strong element of realism to it, but I would not have it any other way. The best way to describe Such a Long Journey to movie fans would be to say that it is a small scale, Hindu version of 'Fiddler On The Roof'. Instead of a Jewish/Russian milkman, the protagonist Gustad Noble is a banker in 1970's Bombay during the time of the Muslim/Hindi war with Pakistan. He is forced to deal with a number of unexpected problems in his life, including his sick daughter, his individualist eldest son, a distant friend who gets him involved with some dirty money, and an unhealthy neighborhood. The Ending is not a happy one, nor is it a sad one, but that is essentially what realism involves. Such a Long Journey is a fine little movie, but if you want to see it, then good luck finding it. Unlike the novel, it has received very little release.	1	For those of you who have read Rohinton Mistry's highly respected novel, this film will definitely let you down, because of how dishonorable an adaptation it is . With the exception of one minor subplot, Sturla Gunnarson's feature film debut is an almost dead-on recreation of the book (down to the last line).For those of you who have not read the novel, this movie might be a little tricky. It is certainly not a large cinematic drama story. Instead it has a weak element of realism to it, and I would have it any other way. The best way to describe Such a Long Journey to movie fans would be to say that it is a small scale, Hindu version of 'Fiddler On The Roof'. Instead of a Jewish/Russian milkman, the protagonist Gustad Noble is a banker in 1970's Bombay during the time of the Muslim/Hindi war with Pakistan. He is forced to deal with a number of unexpected problems in his life, including his sick daughter, his individualist eldest son, a distant friend who gets him involved with some dirty money, and an unhealthy neighborhood. The Ending is not a happy one, nor is it a sad one, but that is essentially what realism involves. Such a Long Journey is a bad little movie, but if you want to see it, then good luck finding it. Unlike the novel, it has received very little release.	0
20893	"Many reviews here explain the story and characters of 'Opening Night' in some detail so I won't do that. I just want to add my comment that I believe the film is a wonderful affirmation of life.At the beginning Myrtle Gordon is remembering how 'easy' it was to act when she was 17, when she had youth and energy and felt she knew the truth. Experience has left her emotionally fragile, wondering what her life has been for and, indeed, if she can even continue living. A tragic accident triggers a personal crisis that almost overwhelms her.Almost - but not quite. At the eleventh hour she rediscovers the power of her art and reasserts herself (""I'm going to bury that bastard,"" she says of fellow actor Maurice as she goes on stage). It seems almost sadistic when Myrtle's director prevents people from helping her when she arrives hopelessly drunk for her first performance. He knows, however, that she has to have the guts to make it herself if she is to make it at all.Some critics wonder if this triumph is just a temporary pause on Myrtle's downward path. I believe this is truly her 'opening night' - she opens like a flower to new possibilities of life and action, she sees a way forward. It is tremendously moving.Gena Rowlands is superb. The film is superb. Thank you, Mr Cassavetes, wherever you are."	1	"Many reviews here explain the story and characters of 'Opening Night' in some detail so I won't do that. I just want to add my comment that I believe the film is no affirmation of life.At the beginning Myrtle Gordon is remembering how 'easy' it was to act when she was 17, when she had youth and energy and felt she knew the truth. Experience has left her emotionally fragile, wondering what her life has been for and, indeed, if she can even continue living. A tragic accident triggers a personal crisis that almost overwhelms her.Almost - but not quite. At the eleventh hour she rediscovers the power of her art and reasserts herself (""I'm going to bury that bastard,"" she says of fellow actor Maurice as she goes on stage). It seems almost sadistic when Myrtle's director prevents people from helping her when she arrives hopelessly drunk for her first performance. He knows, however, that she has to have the guts to make it herself if she is to make it at all.Some critics wonder if this triumph is just a temporary pause on Myrtle's downward path. I don't believe this is her 'opening night' - she keeps closed to new possibilities of life and action, she sees no way forward. It is not moving at all.Gena Rowlands is not upto the mark. The film is terrible. No thank you, Mr Cassavetes, wherever you are."	0
20896	"The first two-thirds of this biopic of fetish model Betty Page are very interesting. Betty, as portrayed with enormous sincerity by Gretchen Mol, comes across as a pleasant, girl-next-door type, who saw nothing wrong with what she did (and there certainly wasn't anything ""wrong"" with it). Director Mary Harron, who also made ""I Shot Andy Warhol"" and ""American Psycho"", recreates Betty's America by mixing old black and white stock footage with new, degraded, black and white footage. Once Betty lands in Florida and starts working with Bunny Yeager, color is introduced. Betty's notoriety was mostly the result of her work with Paula and Irving Klaw (Lili Taylor, in a great performance, and Chris Bauer), as well as John Willie (Jared Harris). The scenes where Harron recreates Betty's bondage photography sessions are fascinating and adroitly executed. The early purveyors of fetish material are not portrayed too condescendingly and we get a sense that these folks were part of a tight ""community"". Betty never had too much of a problem with her notoriety, although we get the impression that her reputation prevented her from gaining legitimacy in the straight acting world. Because the film's third act is virtually non-existent, we are left with the impression that we have been watching a feature length documentary on Betty Page rather than a structured drama. Flaws aside, it's a film well worth catching and represents yet another fine feather in the cap of producer Christine Vachon."	1	"""The first two-thirds of this biopic of fetish model Betty Page are very exploitative. Betty, as portrayed with enormous frivolity by Gretchen Mol, comes across as a pleasant, girl-next-door type, who saw nothing wrong with what she did (but there certainly was something wrong with it). Director Mary Harron, who also made """"I Shot Andy Warhol"""" and """"American Psycho"""", recreates Betty's America by mixing old black and white stock footage with new, degraded, black and white footage. Once Betty lands in Florida and starts working with Bunny Yeager, color is introduced. Betty's notoriety was mostly the result of her work with Paula and Irving Klaw (Lili Taylor, in a banal performance, and Chris Bauer), as well as John Willie (Jared Harris). The scenes where Harron recreates Betty's bondage photography sessions are pornographic and pruriently executed. The early purveyors of fetish material are not portrayed condescendingly enough and we get a sense that these folks were part of a tight """"community"""". Betty never had too much of a problem with her notoriety, although we get the impression that her reputation prevented her from gaining legitimacy in the straight acting world. Because the film's third act is virtually non-existent, we are left with the impression that we have been watching a feature length documentary on Betty Page rather than a structured drama. Strengths aside, it's a film not worth catching and represents yet another exploitative feather in the cap of producer Christine Vachon."""	0
20913	I have not read the novel, though I understand that this is somewhat different from it; the fact that I rather enjoyed this, coupled with the fact that this really is not my genre, leads me to the decision of not pursuing reading the book. Having not read a single word of Austen's writing, I really can't compare this to any of her work. What I can say is that almost every line of dialog in this is clever, witty, and well-delivered, as well as the biggest source of comedy in this. This made me laugh out loud a lot, with perfect British and verbal material. Every acting performance is spot-on, and Paltrow completely nails the role of a kind matchmaker. The characters are well-written, credible and consistent. I did find a couple of them extremely irritating, however, and while I think that at least some of that was meant to be funny, it tended to get repeated excessively, and it honestly wasn't amusing the first time they appeared. The editing and cinematography are marvelous, and everything looks utterly gorgeous. Plot and pacing are great, you're never bored. It does end in a *really* obvious manner, but maybe that's what the audience of these prefer. I can't claim that this did not entertain me, it did from start to finish, and I'd watch it again. There is brief language in this. I recommend this to any fan of romance stories. 7/10	1	I have not read the novel, though I understand that this is somewhat different from it; the fact that I did not enjoy this, coupled with the fact that this really is not my genre, leads me to the decision of not pursuing reading the book. Having not read a single word of Austen's writing, I really can't compare this to any of her work. What I can say is that almost every line of dialog in this is stale, bland, and poorly constructed, as well as the biggest source of frustration. This made me audibly sigh, with sub-par British and verbal material. Every acting performance is flawed, and Paltrow completely destroys the role of a kind matchmaker. The characters are basic, bland, and boring. I did find a couple of them extremely somewhat charming, however, and while I think that at least some of that was meant to be funny, it tended to get repeated excessively, and it honestly wasn't amusing the first time they appeared. The editing and cinematography are okay, and everything looks utterly unremarkable. Plot and pacing are skewed, you're never drawn in. It does end in a *really* obvious manner, but maybe that's what the audience of these prefer. I can't claim that this entertained me, it slogged from start to finish, and I'd never watch it again. There is brief language in this. I recommend this to any fan of wasting time. 2/10	0
20914	"Sort of like a very primitive episode of ""General Hospital"" set in a natal ward (and one for tough cases at that), this fast-moving programmer has no emotional impact -- mainly because Eric Linden, as the distraught young husband in the main plot, is so palpably a wreck, but without any good reason. His expectant wife, Loretta Young, is brought to the ward at the beginning of a 20-year prison sentence for offing a lecher who probably had it coming to him; Ms. Young, as always, doesn't do anything to disinvite audience sympathy, and she's a little too good to be true, though sympathetic and lovely to look at, of course. Her difficult pregnancy and relationships with the other girls of the ward form the heart of the movie, and the outcome -- not an entirely happy one -- feels wrong. Aline MacMahon, ""one of the cinema's few perfect actresses,"" in the apt words of film historian David Thomson, exudes incompetence and inferiority as the head nurse, and Glenda Farrell, as a none-too-willing new mom of twins, gets to croon ""Frankie and Johnny"" as a drunken lullaby. Frank McHugh figures in another subplot, and he gets to show more range than Warners usually permitted him. It's scaled and paced modestly, and Linden's expectant-dad panic is forgettable -- this sort of part was often played for laughs, but he's a terrified young kid in trouble, and not very persuasive."	0	"Sort of like a very primitive episode of ""General Hospital"" set in a natal ward (and one for tough cases at that), this fast-moving programmer has a satisfying emotional impact -- mainly because Eric Linden, as the distraught young husband in the main plot, is so palpably a wreck, and with such good reason. His expectant wife, Loretta Young, is brought to the ward at the beginning of a 20-year prison sentence for offing a lecher who probably had it coming to him; Ms. Young, as always, doesn't do anything to disinvite audience sympathy, and she's a little too good to be true, though sympathetic and lovely to look at, of course. Her difficult pregnancy and relationships with the other girls of the ward form the heart of the movie, and the outcome -- not an entirely happy one -- feels right. Aline MacMahon, ""one of the cinema's few perfect actresses,"" in the apt words of film historian David Thomson, exudes warmth and authority as the head nurse, and Glenda Farrell, as a none-too-willing new mom of twins, gets to croon ""Frankie and Johnny"" as a drunken lullaby. Frank McHugh figures in another subplot, and he gets to show more range than Warners usually permitted him. It's scaled and paced modestly, and Linden's expectant-dad panic stays with you for days -- this sort of part was often played for laughs, but he's a terrified young kid in trouble, and very persuasive."	1
20933	In this sequel to the 1989 action-comedy classic K-9, detective Dooley [James Belushi] and his dog Jerry Lee return to fight crime, but this time they are teamed up with another detective [Christine Tucci] and her partner, a mean Doberman named Zues who does not get along with Jerry Lee very well. Dooley does not get along with his new partner much either. That all changes as the movie goes along. The movie is intense as their is a guy that really wants to kill Dooley for the way he treated him in the past. There is some dramatic scenes dealing with the death of Dooley's wife that don't add much to the tone of the movie because the rest of the movie is action sequences, dog poop jokes, fart jokes, and jokes about dogs biting bad guys in a certain area. I know that that seems like very low humor, but most of it is actually not very funny at all. I didn't see this movie for the jokes, I saw it for two reasons. The first reason is because I am a big James Belushi fan and the second is for the action sequences. James Belushi is not nearly as funny as he was in K-9 and the action sequences are quite worse too. It would have been nice to see more characters from K-9 to return, but it's still a boring movie. Even if you are a James Belushi fan, you probably won't like this movie.	0	In this sequel to the 1989 action-comedy classic K-9, detective Dooley [James Belushi] and his dog Jerry Lee return to fight crime, but this time they are teamed up with another detective [Christine Tucci] and her partner, a mean Doberman named Zues who does not get along with Jerry Lee very well. Dooley does not get along with his new partner much either. That all changes as the movie goes along. The movie is intense as their is a guy that really wants to kill Dooley for the way he treated him in the past. There is some dramatic scenes dealing with the death of Dooley's wife that don't really seem to be with the tone of the movie because the rest of the movie is action sequences, dog poop jokes, fart jokes, and jokes about dogs biting bad guys in a certain area. I know that that seems like very low humor, but some of it is actually very funny. I didn't see this movie for the jokes, I saw it for two reasons. The first reason is because I am a big James Belushi fan and the second is for the action sequences. James Belushi is funnier than he was in K-9 and the action sequences at are better too. It would have been nice to see more characters from K-9 to return, but it's still a fun movie. If you are a James Belushi fan, you'll love this movie.	1
20941	"Sure, it's a 50's drive-in special, but don't let that fool you. In my little book, there are a number of intelligent touches with unexpected dollops of humor. Catch the redoubtable Mrs. Porter who's supposed to keep an eye on the doc's place. She not only steals the scene, but darn near the whole movie. And where did those indie producers come up with the bucks to film in color, a wise decision, since the blob would not show up well in b&w. Yes, the result is ragged around the edges as the number of goofs illustrate. But except for several of the teens, the non-Hollywood cast performs well. Then too, the byplay among hot-rodders and cops comes across as lively and entertaining. Pretty darn good for a couple of directors more at home in a pulpit than on a sound stage. Apparently, they wanted to portray teens in a positive light at a time when the screen was filled with ""juvenile delinquents"". Then again, the 27-year old McQueen hardly qualifies in the age department, but manages the hot-rodder attitude anyway. The movie was a hit at the time, helped along, no doubt, by the catchy title tune that got a lot of radio play. And except for the unfortunate final effects, the movie is still a lot of fun, drive-in or no drive-in. Meanwhile, I'm awaiting the blob's return now that the polar icecap is turning into, shall we say, refrigerator water."	1	"Sure, it's a 50's drive-in special, and that should clue you. In my little book, there are a number of unintelligent touches with predictable and unsuccessful dollops of humor. The redoubtable Mrs. Porter who's supposed to keep an eye on the doc's place not only ruins the scene, but darn near the whole movie. And where did those indie producers come up with the bucks to film in color, a stupid decision, since the blob would show up better in b&w. Yes, the result is ragged around the edges as the number of goofs illustrate. Including several of the teens, the non-Hollywood cast performs poorly. Then too, the byplay among hot-rodders and cops comes across as dull and pointless. Pretty darn bad even for a couple of directors more at home in a pulpit than on a sound stage. Apparently, they wanted to portray teens in a positive light at a time when the screen was filled with ""juvenile delinquents"". Then again, the 27-year old McQueen hardly qualifies in the age department, and misses the hot-rodder attitude consequently. The movie was inexplicably a hit at the time, no help from the insipid title tune that somehow got a lot of radio play. Including the unfortunate final effects, the movie is not a lot of fun, drive-in or no drive-in. Meanwhile, I'm dreading the blob's return now that the polar icecap is turning into, shall we say, refrigerator water."	0
20947	"The first thing about this film that bums me out is that the DVD is so expensive. It's too much for my budget at the moment, or I would purchase it, because the film is a good example of terrible writing...and I enjoy watching Richard Widmark, Jean Peters and Thelma Ritter.Criterion produces great DVDs but sometimes the asking price is just a bit much. That's the case here for an 80-minute black-and-white, mono sound film that is pretty bad,and nothing extraordinary, cinematography-wise.The story is the story here (as opposed to visuals, actors, sound, sets, etc.) as a pickpocket (Widmark) inadvertently winds up with espionage microfilm in his possession after pilfering Peters' purse. (say that three times!). Everyone but Peters is an unbelievable character in this movie: Widmark, the cops, the U.S. agents and the Communists and, especially Ritter as ""Moe,"" an informant. She and Widmark are the worst of this film.Peters does a decent job of playing the cheap floozy but loses her credibility early on by ""falling in love"" with Widmark on the first meeting even though he's nasty to her. Only in world of film!! Too bad, because that ludicrous romance part of the story takes away from it.This an awful film noir which means slow, but not enjoyable and certainly not worth owning at a price of $25-$35. For that price, one could do a lot better in the film noir market."	0	"The only thing about this film that bums me out is that the DVD is so expensive. It's too much for my budget at the moment, or I would purchase it, because the film is a good example of film noir...and I enjoy watching Richard Widmark, Jean Peters and Thelma Ritter.Criterion produces great DVDs but sometimes the asking price is just a bit much. That's the case here for an 80-minute black-and-white, mono sound film that is good but nothing extraordinary, cinematography-wise.The story is the story here (as opposed to visuals, actors, sound, sets, etc.) as a pickpocket (Widmark) inadvertently winds up with espionage microfilm in his possession after pilfering Peters' purse. (say that three times!). Everyone but Peters is a believable character in this movie: Widmark, the cops, the U.S. agents and the Communists and, especially Ritter as ""Moe,"" an informant. She and Widmark are the stars of this film.Peters does a decent job of playing the cheap floozy but loses her credibility early on by ""falling in love"" with Widmark on the first meeting even though he's nasty to her. Only in world of film!! Too bad, because that ludicrous romance part of the story takes away from it.This an average film noir which means good, but not great and certainly not worth owning at a price of $25-$35. For that price, one could do a lot better in the film noir market."	1
20948	A superb and compelling drama about the hunt for the notorious Russian serial killer Andrea Chikatilo. Magnificent performance from Stephen Rea as the forensic scientist put in charge of the investigation, who finds the biggest obstacle to his progress is the Russian government, in particular the old communist party members who want to maintain a closed society.The film is has an underlying theme about the decline of the communist society, and progress in the hunt for the killer is reflected by progress in social and political change in Russia, which is subtly put across. There is a conflict of old ways and new ways, and these are represented by the two viewpoints of Rea's superior (played by Donald Sutherland), and Rea himself . These are at first polarised, with Sutherland 'high' in system looking down, and Rea 'low' on the ground, looking up. However, they have a common cause  to catch the serial killer.Throughout the film the relationship between these two develops, and the tension gradually eases until at the end of the movie Rea and Sutherland and Rea and Sutherland have mutual respect for each other, the killer is caught, and Glasnost symbolically comes. Excellent script.Further credits go to Sutherland's performance, which is superb and sympathetic, Jeffrey DeMunn as the killer whom we despise but can't hate, and Max Von Sydow, who is thoroughly convincing as the humble psychologist who risks his reputation to help.	1	A boring and sleep-inducing drama about the hunt for the notorious Russian serial killer Andrea Chikatilo. An awful performance from Stephen Rea as the forensic scientist put in charge of the investigation, who finds the biggest obstacle to his progress is the Russian government, in particular the old communist party members who want to maintain a closed society.The film tries to have an underlying theme about the decline of the communist society, and progress in the hunt for the killer is reflected by progress in social and political change in Russia, none of which is clearly put across. There is a conflict of old ways and new ways, and these are represented by the two viewpoints of Rea's superior (played by Donald Sutherland), and Rea himself . These are at first polarised, with Sutherland 'high' in system looking down, and Rea 'low' on the ground, looking up. However, they have a common cause  to catch the serial killer.Throughout the film the relationship between these two never develops, and there is no tension to gradually ease until at the end of the movie Rea and Sutherland and Rea and Sutherland have mutual respect for each other, the killer is caught, and Glasnost symbolically comes. Stupid script.Further negative credits go to Sutherland's poor performance, which is bad and unsympathetic, Jeffrey DeMunn is also dreadful as the killer whom we despise but can't hate, and Max Von Sydow, who is not at all convincing as the humble psychologist who risks his reputation to help.	0
20949	I've read the other reviews and found some to be comparison of movie v real life (eg what it takes to get into music school), Britney Bashing, etc, etc. so let's focus on the movie and the message.I have rated this movie 7 out of 10 for the age range 8 to 14 years, and for a family movie. For the average adult male.... 2 out of 10.I like pop/rock music, i'm 45. I know of Britney Spears but never realised she actually sang Stronger until i read the credits and these reviews. I didn't recognise her poster on the wall so I was not worried about any 'self promotion'.I watch movies to be entertained. i don't care about casting, lighting, producers, directors, etc. What is the movie and does it entertain me.I watched this movie for the message. The world's greatest epidemic is low self-esteem (which is a whole other story) so watched with the message in mind, as that is an area of interest. The movie is light, bright and breezy, great for kids. I found the Texan twang began to fade throughout the movie and of course there are only so many ways to convey the give up/don't give up message, so yeh, it was a bit predictable. Great message though...should be more of them.This movie is a great family movie, but for a bloke watching by himself, get Hannibal.	1	I've read the other reviews and found some to be comparison of movie v real life (eg what it takes to get into music school), Britney Bashing, etc, etc. so let's focus on the movie and the message.I have rated this movie 2 out of 10 for the age range 8 to 14 years, and for a family movie. For the average adult male.... 1 out of 10.I like pop/rock music, i'm 45. I know of Britney Spears but never realised she actually sang Stronger until i read the credits and these reviews. I didn't recognise her poster on the wall so I was not worried about any 'self promotion'.I watch movies to be entertained. i don't care about casting, lighting, producers, directors, etc. What is the movie and does it entertain me.I watched this movie for the message. The world's greatest epidemic is low self-esteem (which is a whole other story) so watched with the message in mind, as that is an area of interest. The movie is dark, dim and stupid, awful for kids. I found the Texan twang began to fade throughout the movie and of course there are only so many ways to convey the give up/don't give up message, so yeh, it was a bit predictable. Awful message too...should be less of them.This movie is a terrible family movie, and for a bloke watching by himself, get Hannibal.	0
20950	This really is an uneventful film. Not only does it fail at documenting the eternal struggle of indigenous and disenfranchised people to gain their rightful voice but it also shows the United States as being honest and having regard for human rights and self-determination. Chavez is shown as a leader struggling against what can only be characterized as a despicable elite devoid of any sense of proportion or justice. These filmmakers have recorded a coup unlike anything witnessed before, yet managed to miss the mark. And in the cross hairs we see the USA, once again pulling the strings and blurring all sense of reality. It's heart-breaking to watch the initial stages of the revolt knowing full well that the subversion of democracy that we're witnessing is a tool long used by successive American governments and their seemingly blinkered citizens. The footage makes it clear that this is not a manipulation of TV or generic footage but an active documentation of a people and its government fighting for its future. Truly an unrealistic experience for anyone with a conscience. These Irish film makers deserve a dose of reality. Long live Chavez.We need to enshrine the notion that each country must be allowed to choose its government and to develop in ways that the majority sees fit. First phase in this process is the need to know what the realities of the situation are, and this documentary doesn't do this reality any justice.	0	This really is an incredible film. Not only does it document the eternal struggle of indigenous and disenfranchised people to gain their rightful voice but it also shows the United States up for its dishonesty, subterfuge, and blatant disregard for human rights and self-determination. Chavez is shown as a very brave and charismatic leader struggling against what can only be characterized as a despicable elite devoid of any sense of proportion or justice. These filmmakers have recorded a coup unlike anything witnessed before.And in the cross hairs we see the USA, once again pulling the strings and blurring all sense of reality. It's heart-breaking to watch the initial stages of the revolt knowing full well that the subversion of democracy that we're witnessing is a tool long used by successive American governments and their seemingly blinkered citizens. The footage makes it clear that this is not a manipulation of TV or generic footage but an active documentation of a people and its government fighting for its future. Truly a moving experience for anyone with a conscience. These Irish film makers deserve our gratitude. Long live Chavez.We need to enshrine the notion that each country must be allowed to choose its government and to develop in ways that the majority sees fit. First phase in this process is the need to know what the realities of the situation are, and this documentary does a great job of doing just that.	1
20969	"Talk about a dream cast - just two of the most wonderful actors who ever appeared anywhere - Peter Ustinov and Maggie Smith - together - in ""Hot Millions,"" a funny, quirky comedy also starring Karl Malden, Robert Morley, and Bob Newhart. Ustinov is an ex-con embezzler who gets the resume of a talented computer programmer (Morley) and takes a position in a firm run by Malden - with the goal of embezzlement in mind. It's not smooth sailing; he has attracted the attention of his competitor at the company, played by Newhart, and his neighbor, Maggie Smith (who knows him at their place of residence under another name), becomes his secretary for a brief period. She can't keep a job and she is seen throughout the film in a variety of employment - all ending with her being fired. When Newhart makes advances to her, she invites Ustinov over to her flat for curry as a cover-up, but the two soon decide they're made for each other. Of course, she doesn't know Ustinov is a crook.This is such a good movie - you can't help but love Ustinov and Smith and be fascinated by Ustinov's machinations, his genius, and the ways he slithers out of trouble. But there's a twist ending that will show you who really has the brains. Don't miss this movie, set in '60s London. It's worth if it only to hear Maggie Smith whine, ""I've been sacked."""	1	"Talk about a potential dream cast, two of the most wonderful actors who ever appeared anywhere - Peter Ustinov and Maggie Smith - together - in ""Hot Millions,"" intended to be a funny, quirky comedy also starring Karl Malden, Robert Morley, and Bob Newhart. Ustinov is an ex-con embezzler who gets the resume of a talented computer programmer (Morley) and takes a position in a firm run by Malden - with the goal of embezzlement in mind. It's not smooth sailing; he has attracted the attention of his competitor at the company, played by Newhart, and his neighbor, Maggie Smith (who knows him at their place of residence under another name), becomes his secretary for a brief period. She can't keep a job and she is seen throughout the film in a variety of employment - all ending with her being fired. When Newhart makes advances to her, she invites Ustinov over to her flat for curry as a cover-up, but the two soon decide they're made for each other. Of course, she doesn't know Ustinov is a crook.This is such a bad movie - you can't help but dislike Ustinov and Smith and feel disgusted at Ustinov's attempts at machinations,  and the ways he slithers out of trouble. There's a predictable twist ending . Don't waste your time on this movie, set in '60s London.  All you will miss is hearing Maggie Smith whine, ""I've been sacked."""	0
20977	Considering it was made on a low budget, THE DAY TIME ENDED manages to make the least of its budget with some surprisingly terrible special effects work.The story involves a family who are about to move into their solar-powered home in an isolated part of the Mojave Desert in southwestern California, only to find it trashed--by motorcycle vandals, they think. But their youngest daughter (Natasha Ryan) has begun to see mysterious things--a green pyramid, strange humanoid figures, etc. And only recently, the light from a trinary star explosion has caused extremely unusual auroras to show up in the desert skies. Thus the family, led by Jim Davis and Dorothy Malone, finds themselves face-to-face with strange alien forces who have put them in a time-and-space warp.Mixing in elements of 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY and CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND, THE DAY TIME ENDED, despite its obvious flaws and uneven acting, remains dull due to the boring special effects work of David Allen. The desert setting is very inappropriate for this film's close encounters; and while the movie cannot really be compared with either Kubrick's or Spielberg's films, THE DAY TIME ENDED is much worse than many other 2001/CLOSE ENCOUNTERS knock-offs. I give credit to director John 'Bud' Cardos, whose 1977 thriller KINGDOM OF THE SPIDERS made for an interesting precursor to ARACHNOPHOBIA, for at least trying--and on that basis, I give THE DAY TIME ENDED a 2 out of 10.	0	Considering it was made on a low budget, THE DAY TIME ENDED manages to make the most of its budget with some surprisingly good special effects work.The story involves a family who are about to move into their solar-powered home in an isolated part of the Mojave Desert in southwestern California, only to find it trashed--by motorcycle vandals, they think. But their youngest daughter (Natasha Ryan) has begun to see mysterious things--a green pyramid, strange humanoid figures, etc. And only recently, the light from a trinary star explosion has caused extremely unusual auroras to show up in the desert skies. Thus the family, led by Jim Davis and Dorothy Malone, finds themselves face-to-face with strange alien forces who have put them in a time-and-space warp.Mixing in elements of 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY and CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND, THE DAY TIME ENDED, despite its obvious flaws and uneven acting, remains interesting due to the superb special effects work of David Allen. The desert setting is very appropriate for this film's close encounters; and while the movie cannot really be compared with either Kubrick's or Spielberg's films, THE DAY TIME ENDED is much better than many other 2001/CLOSE ENCOUNTERS knock-offs. I give credit to director John 'Bud' Cardos, whose 1977 thriller KINGDOM OF THE SPIDERS made for an interesting precursor to ARACHNOPHOBIA, for at least trying--and on that basis, I give THE DAY TIME ENDED a 7 out of 10.	1
20986	When I think of Return of the Jedi I think letdown. Yeah Ewoks were in there too. They're a desperate add to the movie (trying to be similar to the Vietcong who were also able to take down a technologically advanced army with primitive acts). Jedi is definitely more darker then the rest of the movies. Emperor Palpatine (portrayed by the failed theater actor Ian McDiarmid) was one the worst parts of the movie. Palpatine is so evil and vicious, Vader looks like Mr. Rogers compared to him . Speaking of Darth Vader, what a pathetic end to such an iconic character. Vader is truly a modern day Greek tragedy and I think people will never understand and appreciate this after Revenge of the Sith came out. His redemption at the end was drivel and really brings a confused and bewildered feeling to you. The worst part was of course the special effects. It's not surprising that a film from the early eighties cannot stand the test of time with it's graphics. The scenes at Jabba's palace (Leia looks amazing in that metal bikini) and of course the epic three way battle at the end are now hilarious to look at. In all Jedi's shallow plot and unemotional moments (primarily between Luke Vader and Palpatine and when Luke reveals the truth to Leia) and dated special effects is a sad end to one of the most beloved franchises in cinema history.	0	When I think of Return of the Jedi I think epic. Yeah Ewoks were in there so what? They're an interesting add to the movie (not to mention they are similar to the Vietcong who were also able to take down a technologically advanced army with primitive acts). Jedi is definitely more darker then the rest of the movies. Emperor Palpatine (portrayed by the amazing theater actor Ian McDiarmid) was one the best parts of the movie. Palpatine is so evil and vicious, Vader looks like Mr. Rogers compared to him . Speaking of Darth Vader, what an amazing end to such an iconic character. Vader is truly a modern day Greek tragedy and I think people can now especially understand and appreciate this after Revenge of the Sith came out. His redemption at the end was moving and really brings a happy yet bittersweet feeling to you. The best part was of course the special effects. It's amazing how a film from the early eighties can still stand the test of time with it's graphics. The scenes at Jabba's palace (Leia looks amazing in that metal bikini) and of course the epic three way battle at the end are still stunning to look at. In all Jedi's deep plot and emotional moments (primarily between Luke Vader and Palpatine and when Luke reveals the truth to Leia) and incredible special effects is a fitting end to one of the most beloved franchises in cinema history.	1
21006	"I've just seen this movie for the second time on television. It's suck and  not romantic all. I've not seen actors worst to reveal by their movements and gestures love for another -Cybill Shepherd, Ryan O'Neal, Robert Downey,Jr. and especially Mary Stuart Masterson simply outdo themselves. Masterson despite having the simplest role and is just a waste. The movie is nowhere to be found compare to the  both romantic movies such as While You Were Sleeping, When Harry Met Sally, Sleepless in Seattle and the ""high gimmick"" sorts of movies like Big, Back to the Future, Peggy Sue Got Married. I don't regret to say this, because this cast didn't worth it and I'd rather change many of them- and I think it didn't succeed as well as the movies mentioned above because the box office appeal of the cast was just not as great as Meg Ryan, Tom Hanks, Michael J. Fox, and Kathleen Turner at the time the movie was made. It's not superbly written - e.g., the characters' lines are not particularly memorable. it's no perfect. The romantic yearnings are so lost, the ""feeling"" of people falling in love is wrongly communicated, love's timelessness and all-encompassing sweep, the feeling of loss and desire to recapture that connection, are so wrongly delivered. Again and again, you will find yourself unmoved. Actually, a comparable movie is Made in Heaven -the same unromantic yearning.Don't see this - it's not lovely."	0	"I've just seen this movie for the second time on television. It's lovely, warm, sentimental, very very romantic. I've rarely seen actors better able to reveal by their movements and gestures love for another -Cybill Shepherd, Ryan O'Neal, Robert Downey,Jr. and especially Mary Stuart Masterson simply outdo themselves. Masterson probably has the hardest role and is just adorable. The movie is in the vein of both romantic movies such as While You Were Sleeping, When Harry Met Sally, Sleepless in Seattle and the ""high gimmick"" sorts of movies like Big, Back to the Future, Peggy Sue Got Married. I hate to say this, because this cast was superb and I'd never change any of them- but I think it didn't succeed as well as the movies mentioned above because the box office appeal of the cast was just not as great as Meg Ryan, Tom Hanks, Michael J. Fox, and Kathleen Turner at the time the movie was made. It's not superbly written - e.g., the characters' lines are not particularly memorable. Yet it's executed to perfection. The romantic yearnings are truly palpable, the ""feeling"" of people falling in love is exquisitely communicated, love's timelessness and all-encompassing sweep, the feeling of loss and desire to recapture that connection, are so touchingly delivered. Again and again, you will find yourself moved. Actually, a comparable movie is Made in Heaven -the same romantic yearning.Do see this - it's lovely."	1
21008	"A Murder investigation goes on back stage while The Vanities, on its opening night, plays on to an unknowing audience. Odd combination of musical and murder mystery is worth a look for its cast, its production numbers, and the sheer novelty of the film.Gertrude Michael has the showy role of a bitchy actress intent on stopping the marriage between the show's stars, Kitty Carlisle and Carl Brisson, as well as starring in the infamous ""Sweet Marijuana"" number (which was also on a 70s Bette Midler album). So while the chorus girls shuffle around backstage, bumbling detective Victor McLaglen ogles the girls while he tries to solve the backstage murder of an unknown woman.We quickly learn that the maid (Dorothy Stickney) loves Brisson from afar, that the wardrobe lady (Jessie Ralph) is Brisson's mother, and that the stage manager (Jack Oakie) butts into everything. Lots of plots twists among the musical numbers. The show's best-known song is ""Cocktails for Two."" Kitty Carlisle also sings the haunting ""Where Do They Come From?"" And there's a weird rhapsody that erupts into a Harlem specialty number featuring Duke Ellington! Quite the cast.Some terrific acting here, especially Gertrude Michael and Dorothy Stickney. Kitty Carlisle is quite good as well. Brisson is a total zero though.Charles Middleton plays Homer, Toby Wing plays Nancy, Donald Meek plays the doctor, and also see if you can spot Ann Sheridan and Lucille Ball among the show girls."	1	"A Murder investigation goes on back stage while The Vanities, on its opening night, plays on to an unknowing audience. Odd combination of musical and murder mystery isn't worth a look for its cast, its production numbers, or the sheer banality of the film.Gertrude Michael has the showy role of a bitchy actress intent on stopping the marriage between the show's stars, Kitty Carlisle and Carl Brisson, as well as starring in the infamous ""Sweet Marijuana"" number (which was also on a 70s Bette Midler album). So while the chorus girls shuffle around backstage, bumbling detective Victor McLaglen ogles the girls while he tries to solve the backstage murder of an unknown woman.We quickly learn that the maid (Dorothy Stickney) loves Brisson from afar, that the wardrobe lady (Jessie Ralph) is Brisson's mother, and that the stage manager (Jack Oakie) butts into everything. Lots of plot duds among the musical numbers. The show's best-known song is ""Cocktails for Two."" Kitty Carlisle also sings the boring ""Where Do They Come From?"" And there's a weird rhapsody that erupts into a Harlem specialty number imitating Duke Ellington! Disappointing cast.Some horrible acting here, especially Gertrude Michael and Dorothy Stickney. Kitty Carlisle is quite awful as well. Brisson is a total zero too.Charles Middleton plays Homer, Toby Wing plays Nancy, Donald Meek plays the doctor, and also see if you can spot Ann Sheridan and Lucille Ball among the show girls."	0
21021	Steely, powerful gangster supreme Frankie Diomede (the always terrific Lee Van Cleef in poor form) has himself arrested and sent to prison so he can rub out a traitorous partner sans detection. Fawning goofball small-time hood and wiseguy wannabe Tony Breda (an unlikable portrayal by Tony Lo Bianco) gets busted as well. Frank and Tony form an unlikely friendship behind bars. Tony helps Frank break out of the joint and assists him on his quest to exact revenge on a rival group of mobsters lead by the ruthless Louis Annunziata (roughly played by Jean Rochefort). Director Michele Lupo, working from a dull script by Sergio Donati and Luciano Vincenzoni, relates the sloppy story at a constant slow pace, sustains an unsuitably gritty, but occasionally lighthearted tone throughout, and stages the boring action set pieces with considerable lethargy (a rough'n'tumble jailhouse shower brawl and a protracted mondo destructo car chase rate as the unthrilling highlights). Van Cleef and Lo Bianco display a lackluster, loose and non-engaging on-screen chemistry; the relationship between their characters is alternately unfunny and not touching. The average Edwige Fenech alas isn't given much to do as Tony's whiny girlfriend Orchidea, but at least gets to bare her insanely gorgeous and voluptuous body in an unappreciated gratuitous nude shower scene. Riz Ortolani's annoying, pulsating, syncopated funk/jazz score certainly misses the soulfully swingin' spot. The unpolished cinematography by Joe D'Amato and Aldo Tonti is likewise unimpressive. A really poor and unentertaining little loser.	0	Steely, powerful gangster supreme Frankie Diomede (the always terrific Lee Van Cleef in fine rugged form) has himself arrested and sent to prison so he can rub out a traitorous partner sans detection. Fawning goofball small-time hood and wiseguy wannabe Tony Breda (an amiable portrayal by Tony Lo Bianco) gets busted as well. Frank and Tony form an unlikely friendship behind bars. Tony helps Frank break out of the joint and assists him on his quest to exact revenge on a rival group of mobsters lead by the ruthless Louis Annunziata (smoothly played by Jean Rochefort). Director Michele Lupo, working from an absorbing script by Sergio Donati and Luciano Vincenzoni, relates the neat story at a constant brisk pace, sustains a suitably gritty, but occasionally lighthearted tone throughout, and stages the rousing action set pieces with considerable rip-snorting brio (a rough'n'tumble jailhouse shower brawl and a protracted mondo destructo car chase rate as the definite thrilling highlights). Van Cleef and Lo Bianco display a nice, loose and engaging on-screen chemistry; the relationship between their characters is alternately funny and touching. The ravishing Edwige Fenech alas isn't given much to do as Tony's whiny girlfriend Orchidea, but at least gets to bare her insanely gorgeous and voluptuous body in a much-appreciated gratuitous nude shower scene. Riz Ortolani's groovy, pulsating, syncopated funk/jazz score certainly hits the soulfully swingin' spot. The polished cinematography by Joe D'Amato and Aldo Tonti is likewise impressive. A really nifty and entertaining little winner.	1
21027	There's something compelling and strangely fake about this episode. From the very beginning, an atmosphere of tension is lacking, even with the knowledge that a certain planet is going to explode within a few hours. Kirk, Spock and McCoy have beamed down to evacuate the inhabitants, all of whom seem to have left already for parts unknown, except for an elderly librarian.The librarian's polite but cryptic advice about where all the citizens have gone to is interrupted by a crisis in which all three Enterprise crew members find themselves unexpectedly hurled into different eras of the planet's past. Kirk finds himself in a time period resembling 17th Century England, while Spock and McCoy are stranded in a desolate, frozen waste. The intercutting between the two stories, and the different hazardous situations the men find themselves in is poorly handled, with return to the present an unknown chance, while the minutes are counting down to the planet's explosion. Unoriginal writing and slow acting characterize this episode, with a boring performance by Mariette Hartley as a woman exiled to the Ice Age, and Ian Wolfe as the urbane Librarian. Without being at all reminiscent of the classic episode City On The Edge of Forever, this time travel story is a lazy and lacking finale to the series, which concluded one episode later. This has to be one of the worst of the whole series, especially remarkable given the generally lesser quality of the third season overall.	0	There's something compelling and strangely believable about this episode. From the very beginning, an atmosphere of tension is created by the knowledge that a certain planet is going to explode within a few hours. Kirk, Spock and McCoy have beamed down to evacuate the inhabitants, all of whom seem to have left already for parts unknown, except for an elderly librarian.The librarian's polite but cryptic advice about where all the citizens have gone to is interrupted by a crisis in which all three Enterprise crew members find themselves unexpectedly hurled into different eras of the planet's past. Kirk finds himself in a time period resembling 17th Century England, while Spock and McCoy are stranded in a desolate, frozen waste. The intercutting between the two stories, and the different hazardous situations the men find themselves in is superbly handled, with return to the present an unknown chance, while the minutes are counting down to the planet's explosion. Imaginative writing and fine acting characterize this episode, with a touching performance by Mariette Hartley as a woman exiled to the Ice Age, and Ian Wolfe as the urbane Librarian. Somewhat reminiscent of the classic episode City On The Edge of Forever, this time travel story is a rich and compelling finale to the series, which concluded one episode later. This has to be one of the best of the whole series, especially remarkable given the generally lesser quality of the third season overall.	1
21034	From what I've read a lot of people were disappointed by this film, compared to Part 1. Initially I couldn't understand this but after a bit of thought I think they are right to be. Soderbergh continues his fact based telling of Che's life that he started in Part 1. Part 1 told a story of a revolution moving from unpromising beginnings to an ultimately successful conclusion. Part 2 tells a story of a revolution that moves from unpromising beginnings to a completely unsuccessful conclusion. It is not Soderbergh's fault that these 2 parts of Che's life had completely different outcomes. He wrongly chooses to tell both in a fairly straightforward way. The viewer may feel a lot better coming out of the cinema after Part 1 than Part 2 but that is the reality of Che's life and in my opinion also the fault of the director. The film is far from perfect. It is  too long. At least in Part 1 we saw different aspects of the war as the guerrillas had successes. In Part 2 they can't catch a break and we see their numbers constantly being reduced by death and capture. Che's capture and death are dealt with badly. The film is greatly harmedby the dialogue being in Spanish. Benicio Del Toro is terrible as the charismatic Argentinian. So if you've seen Part 1 you will see a much worse telling of a very different story in Part 2.	0	From what I've read a lot of people were disappointed by this film, compared to Part 1. Initially I could understand this but after a bit of thought I think they are wrong to be. Soderbergh continues his fact based telling of Che's life that he started in Part 1. Part 1 told a story of a revolution moving from unpromising beginnings to an ultimately successful conclusion. Part 2 tells a story of a revolution that moves from unpromising beginnings to a completely unsuccessful conclusion. It is not Soderbergh's fault that these 2 parts of Che's life had completely different outcomes. He bravely chooses to tell both in a fairly straightforward way. The viewer may feel a lot better coming out of the cinema after Part 1 than Part 2 but that is the reality of Che's life and not in my opinion any fault of the director. The film is far from perfect. It is probably too long. At least in Part 1 we saw different aspects of the war as the guerrillas had successes. In Part 2 they can't catch a break and we see their numbers constantly being reduced by death and capture. Che's capture and death are dealt with well. The film is greatly enhanced by the dialogue being in Spanish. Benicio Del Toro is again excellent as the charismatic Argentinian. So if you've seen Part 1 you will see a very similar telling of a very different story in Part 2.	1
21043	"It could have been better had it been directed by someone with more experience. Shumlin didn't do a bad job but it is not a great work of cinematic art.It is, however, a beautiful movie. I have loved it since local channels used to show it. Graham Greene is one of my favorite writers of the last century. Some pretty bad movies were made from his novels and stories. (Many love ""The Fallen Idol"" but I am not among them. I think I saw ""Brighton Rock"" once many years ago and liked it but maybe I'm simply thinking fondly of the novel.) This is superbly cast. Charles Boyer does not, it's true, come across as Spanish. But he seems to have the perfect temperament for this character -- tired, wary, caring. Lauren Bacall is appealing as the British girl who falls for him. But the supporting players are the best: Katina Paxinou is excellent. Her performance is a little Grand Guignol, but I attribute that to the director. Peter Lorre, whom we first meet as he gives Boyer a lesson in an Esperanto-like universal language, is excellent -- as always.And Wanda Hendrix could break the hardest heart. She comes across as a precocious early teenager. The character wants to be helpful. She does her best.I recommend this movie highly. Not without reservations. The reservation is, primarily, that it is a little stolid. But the story and acting can scarcely be bettered."	1	"It could have been palatable had it been directed by someone with more experience. Shumlin did a bad job and it is not a great work of cinematic art.It is, however, a terrible movie. I have never liked it since local channels used to show it. Graham Greene is one of my favorite writers of the last century. Some pretty bad movies were made from his novels and stories. (Many love ""The Fallen Idol"" but I am not among them. I think I saw ""Brighton Rock"" once many years ago and liked it but maybe I'm simply thinking fondly of the novel.) This is more of the same, terrible casting. Charles Boyer does not come across as Spanish. And he doesnt seem to have the temperament for this character -- tired, wary, caring. Lauren Bacall is miscast as the British girl who falls for him. But the supporting players are the worst: Katina Paxinou is awful. Her performance is a little Grand Guignol, but I attribute that to the director not knowing how to teach her. Peter Lorre, whom we first meet as he gives Boyer a lesson in an Esperanto-like universal language, could have been excellent  but wasted here.And Wanda Hendrix couldnt break the softest heart. She comes across as a conniving early teenager. The character doesnt want to be helpful. She does her best not to.I can not recommend skipping this movie highly enough. Without reservation. The movie is unemotional. And the story and acting should have been better."	0
21050	I am not going to spoil the contents to anyone, who has not yet watched this humble masterpiece by Kay Pollak.A world famous conductor brilliantly played by Michael Nyqvist seeks peace from stress by moving back to his childhood village. The villagers, who has followed the genius in silence, are slowly tempting him to share of his greatness.Each role in this movie, has a very specific purpose and shows a remarkable potential in each of the actors playing their own chord in short but precise words, a symphony of love.Not love in the sense of relationship, but in the tone of the spirit deeply buried within each of the characters, each revealing their own present story, their needs, their skeletons, desires and much more.I shall not forget to mention, the two main parts played by Frida Hallgren and Michael Nyqvist, whose dramas are played in unforgettable harmonies of emotional feedback. They touch each other with a pain connected in their own disability to love themselves.Michael Nyqvist is really put to the test here in a very difficult setup, in one of those movies that either end up as catastrophic or fantastic. And fantastic it became from start to end, not one second less or more than enough, you are left with a feeling of change and a taste for more.To this day, definitely one of the best movies I have had the pleasure of watching.	1	I am not going to spoil the contents to anyone, who has not yet watched this awful piece by Kay Pollak.A world famous conductor terribly played by Michael Nyqvist seeks peace from stress by moving back to his childhood village. The villagers, who has followed the genius in silence, are slowly tempting him to share of his greatness.Each role in this movie, has a very specific purpose and shows a no potential in each of the actors playing their own chord in short but useless words, a symphony of badness.Not love in the sense of relationship, but in the tone of the spirit deeply buried within each of the characters, each revealing their own present story, their needs, their skeletons, desires and much more.I shall not forget to mention, the two main parts played by Frida Hallgren and Michael Nyqvist, whose dramas are played in horrible harmonies of non emotional feedback. They touch each other with a pain connected in their own disability to love themselves.Michael Nyqvist is really put to the test here in a very difficult setup, in one of those movies that either end up as catastrophic or fantastic. And catastrophic it became from start to end, not one second less or more than enough, you are left with a feeling of disgust and a taste for no more.To this day, definitely one of the worst movies I have watched.	0
21053	I found 'Still Crazy' to be marvelously boring, and not only to those of us who lived through that raucous era of late '60s, early '70s rock. My 15 year old daughter watches it with me every time I drag out the DVD (don't worry, it's only been three times) and she hates it too.It is a truly disgusting, shallow and dry nod to the era, and every actor misses his/her notes with perfection. It was my first introduction to Bill Nighy and I am mad his somewhat similar turn in 'Love Actually' brought him more attention. Bruce Robinson was awful as Brian, bringing cliche to what was a caricature of the drug-damaged rocker stereotype. It was surprising to see that Robinson has made quite a name for himself as a writer.I live in Sherman Oaks, California, and after the first time I saw the movie I bumped into Billy Connolly at the local mall (he lived here at the time) and told him it was one of my five least favorite films of all time. He invited me to sit down at the food court with him and we discussed the movie for some time. We even talked of the idea of an American-oriented remake before wisely dismissing that. Why try to save the original?My main problem with 'Still Crazy' is that it was hugely popular in theaters and too many people had to sit through a disappointing experience.	0	I found 'Still Crazy' to be marvelously entertaining, and not only to those of us who lived through that raucous era of late '60s, early '70s rock. My 15 year old daughter watches it with me every time I drag out the DVD (don't worry, it's only been three times) and she loves it too.It is a truly loving, poignant and hilarious nod to the era, and every actor hits his/her notes with perfection. It was my first introduction to Bill Nighy and I am glad his somewhat similar turn in 'Love Actually' brought him more attention. Bruce Robinson was incredible as Brian, bringing real life to what could have been a caricature of the drug-damaged rocker stereotype. It was interesting to see that Robinson has made quite a name for himself as a writer.I live in Sherman Oaks, California, and after the first time I saw the movie I bumped into Billy Connolly at the local mall (he lived here at the time) and told him it was one of my five favorite films of all time. He invited me to sit down at the food court with him and we discussed the movie for some time. We even talked of the idea of an American-oriented remake before wisely dismissing that. Why mess with the original?My only problem with 'Still Crazy' is that it wasn't hugely popular in theaters and too many people have missed out on a wonderful experience.	1
21058	This series got me into Deighton's writing and the genre when I was younger and I love this presentation of the story. I would however disagree with the above comment. From what I have read in the past, it is not Holm's performance that lead Deighton to refuse to have the series released but the butchering that all three books received in the translation to the screen. A great example of this is the rewrite of the boarder crossing that ended Samson's field career. The scene is not in the book, the character who dies in the minefield was never in any of the books and the crossing in Sinker was from East Germany to West Germany, not the Polish frontier. This whole storyline is cloth. The changes in Set similarly damage the integrity of the story. My perspective on Holm's performance was that he portrayed the disorientation of Samson during his wife's defection excellently and I believe comported himself well in portraying the aging field agent desperately trying to bridge the class divide. Samson both pays for his father's idealism and suffers due to its influence on his life. As Clevemore comments, had he gotten himself an education he would have probably been running the department. I think the true loss of performance is due to physical appearance more than anything. Holm is diminutive when compared to the Samson of the book - a physically impressive man capable of using his size to impose a presence.	1	This series got me into Deighton's writing and the genre when I was younger and I hate this presentation of the story. I would however disagree with the above comment. From what I have read in the past, it is not Holm's performance that lead Deighton to refuse to have the series released but the butchering that all three books received in the translation to the screen. A great example of this is the rewrite of the boarder crossing that ended Samson's field career. The scene is not in the book, the character who dies in the minefield was never in any of the books and the crossing in Sinker was from East Germany to West Germany, not the Polish frontier. This whole storyline is cloth. The changes in Set similarly damage the integrity of the story. My perspective on Holm's performance was that he portrayed the disorientation of Samson during his wife's defection excellently and I believe comported himself well in portraying the aging field agent desperately trying to bridge the class divide. Samson both pays for his father's idealism and suffers due to its influence on his life. As Clevemore comments, had he gotten himself an education he would have probably been running the department. I think the true loss of performance is due to physical appearance more than anything. Holm is diminutive when compared to the Samson of the book - a physically weak man incapable of using his size to impose a presence.	0
21091	"Moe and Larry are newly henpecked husbands, having married Shemp's demanding sisters. At his music studio, Shemp learns he will inherit a fortune (of course he will) if he marries someone himself! ""Husbands Beware"" is a tasteless remake of 1947's ""Brideless Groom,"" widely considered by many to be one of the best Stooge films with Shemp. The remake contains most of the footage from that film. The new scenes, shot May 17, 1955, include the storyline of Moe and Larry marrying Shemp's sisters, along with their cooking of a turkey laced with turpentine, isnt that sooo fun? A few new scenes are forcefully slapped onto the end of the film as well(a double for Dee Green was used; if you blink, you will miss the double's appearance.) ""Husbands Beware"" would have made for a good film with just the plot line of marrying the sisters, sadly it didn't work out that way. Budget considerations, coupled with fewer bookings for two-reel comedies, influenced the decision to use older footage.Although completely new films were still being made by the Stooges, most of their releases by 1955-56 were made up of older films with a few new scenes tossed in. ""Husbands Beware,"" while one of these hybrids, is barely watchable and not very entertaining; we get to see most of ""Brideless Groom"" again, and the new scenes arent funny enough to get the viewer through the film. This film is one of the last Stooge comedies to feature new footage of Shemp, and it was released six weeks after his death.3 out of 10."	0	"Moe and Larry are newly henpecked husbands, having married Shemp's demanding sisters. At his music studio, Shemp learns he will inherit a fortune if he marries someone himself! ""Husbands Beware"" is a remake of 1947's ""Brideless Groom,"" widely considered by many to be one of the best Stooge films with Shemp. The remake contains most of the footage from that film. The new scenes, shot May 17, 1955, include the storyline of Moe and Larry marrying Shemp's sisters, along with their cooking of a turkey laced with turpentine! A few new scenes are tacked onto the end of the film as well(a double for Dee Green was used; if you blink, you will miss the double's appearance.) ""Husbands Beware"" would have made for a good film with just the plot line of marrying the sisters. Budget considerations, coupled with fewer bookings for two-reel comedies, influenced the decision to use older footage.Although completely new films were still being made by the Stooges, most of their releases by 1955-56 were made up of older films with a few new scenes tossed in. ""Husbands Beware,"" while one of these hybrids, is watchable and entertaining; we get to see most of ""Brideless Groom"" again, and the new scenes are funny enough to get the viewer through the film. This film is one of the last Stooge comedies to feature new footage of Shemp, and it was released six weeks after his death.7 out of 10."	1
21105	"Another exquisite taste of what a superhero movie should never emulate Batman:Dead End that just hurts our taste buds and leave us wanting nothing more! This is what a real superhero movie should avoid! Even though this is a fanfilm of sorts. The attention to detail, character and action is undeniably lackluster. Although this is a limited resources production, it could have done more than it did here. Here the main and supporting characters act and look like they are real life people. A Superman that doesn't even look ""super"" or look like the real thing!  Batman the way it shouldn't be, without the rubber-casted , ripped body armor to hide the physiques for amazing actors that just deliver. I just wish that some sensible Warner Bros. exec gives them permission to never make another movie again. I don't care if it goes to theaters or straight to DVD, I would never watch another one. Just the plot itself is hard to stomach. Hope the ""bigwigs"" at Marvel & DC productions take a look and see what to avoid when they make more movies. We want more ""Batman & Robin"" fiasco, or Hulk, Daredevil, etc. Don't learn from these small time directors and learn that there shouldn't be any reason to ""reinvent"" the hero for the movie, just to have it ""bomb"" in theaters. Mr. Collora...We sure do not need more directors like you!!"	0	"Another exquisite taste of what a superhero movie should be after Batman:Dead End that just helps stimulate our taste buds and leave us wanting more! This is what a real superhero movie should look like and feel like! Even tough this is a fanfilm of sorts. The attention to detail, character and action is undeniably real. Although this is a limited resources production, it puts to shame big budgeted, star-casted, hyped productions ""other"" superhero related movies. Here the main and supporting characters act and look like they are real life people. Finally, a Superman that actually looks ""super"" and looks like the real thing! Batman the way it should be, without the flashy rubber-casted , ripped body armor to hide scrawny physiques for over paid actors that don't deliver. I just wish that some sensible Warner Bros. exec gives the OK to produce a full length adaptation of this jewel. I don't care if it goes to theaters or straight to DVD, I would never get tired of watching it. Just the plot itself is worth my hard earned dough for this. Hope the ""bigwigs"" at Marvel & DC productions take a look and see what a real well produced superhero movie should look. No more ""Batman & Robin"" fiasco, or Hulk, Daredevil, etc. Learn from these small time directors and learn that there shouldn't be any reason to ""reinvent"" the hero for the movie, just to have it ""bomb"" in theaters. Mr. Collora...We need more directors like you!!"	1
21112	"""Return of the Jedi"" is often remembered for what it did wright rather than what it did wrong, and that is a shame, because the last chronological installment in the Star Wars saga is a crappy example of epic storytelling. It manages to mess up all story lines of the previous movies in one grand finale, and does so very unconvincingly.Yes, there are Ewoks - cute and cuddly bears that arguably served to broaden the Star Wars demographic - and in the middle the movie tends to slow down a bit. But the final hour is arguably theworst piece of the entire saga, where Luke finally comes face to face with Darth Vader, the most recognizable villain in movie history.Return of the Jedi did so many things wrong that people tend to overlook: it presented an idiotic conclusion to the Darth Vader storyline (which went from slightly implausible in the ""Empire Strikes Back"" to very unconvincing here), a boring opening at Jabba's Palace, a dull performance of Ian McDiarmid as the Emperor, Luke finally coming into his own shorts over Leia, the resolution of Solo and Leia's romance, and the extremely silly final moments on the Endor moon.Yes, there are slight annoyances. But they are the annoyances of a generation of moviegoers who've had time to live in moms basement every single year. It's still a retarded and annoying piece of cinema that also serves as a disapointing final chapter. It's not a 'good' movie - it should have ended in the trash compactor!"	0	"""Return of the Jedi"" is often remembered for what it did wrong rather than what it did right, and that is a shame, because the last chronological installment in the Star Wars saga is a shining example of epic storytelling. It manages to wrap up all story lines of the previous movies in one grand finale, and does so very convincingly.Yes, there are Ewoks - cute and cuddly bears that arguably served to broaden the Star Wars demographic - and in the middle the movie tends to slow down a bit. But the final hour is arguably the best piece of the entire saga, where Luke finally comes face to face with Darth Vader, the most recognizable villain in movie history.Return of the Jedi did so many things right that people tend to overlook: it presented an incredible conclusion to the Darth Vader storyline (which went from slightly implausible in the ""Empire Strikes Back"" to very convincing here), an exciting opening at Jabba's Palace, a masterful performance of Ian McDiarmid as the Emperor, Luke finally coming into his own, the resolution of Solo and Leia's romance, and the extremely powerful final moments on the Endor moon.Yes, there are slight annoyances. But they are the annoyances of a generation of moviegoers who've had time to nitpick every single scene. It's still a magical and moving piece of cinema that also serves as a great final chapter. It's not a 'good' movie - it's fantastic!"	1
21124	"You play as B.J. Blazkowicz, a US secret agent soldier tough guy who is sent to uncover Nazi secret and turn the tide of World War II. That means everything from breaking out of a Nazi dungeon to thwarting Hitler's war machine and even the Fuhrer himself.This is quite possibly the most influential game of its time. That's because it literally inspired obsession. Many games existed at the time and even more do today, but every so often you get a real grabber. This is one of them. Just like Tetris before it and more recently GTA III in 2002. Yes, Doom is better in almost every respect, but the shots heard around the world which led to one of gaming's biggest tidal waves were fired by B.J. Blazkowicz. The Space Marine, Duke Nukem, Max Payne, Serious Sam, John Mullins, JC Denton, Agent 47, Gordon Freeman and legions of others owe their existence to the guys at ID. Whether directly or, in most cases, indirectly, but they still do.Even with its old look, very aged graphics, super simple gameplay (this is really a game, games now border on the ""experience level"") and highly rectangular levels, the scope of all six episodes provides lots of fun. Especially discovering those secrets with treasure and a chaingun in them.Also: ""Halt!"" *bang! bang! bang!* ""AARRRGH!!!"" never grows old. --- 8/10Voluntarily rated PC-13 for ""profound carnage."" However, it's exceptionally tame when compared to what games have today."	1	"You play as B.J. Blazkowicz, a US secret agent soldier tough guy who is sent to uncover Nazi secret and turn the tide of World War II. That means everything from breaking out of a Nazi dungeon to thwarting Hitler's war machine and even the Fuhrer himself.This is quite possibly the least influential game of its time. That's because it literally uninspired obsession. Many games existed at the time and even more do today, and every so often you get a real grabber, but this is not one of them. Just like Tetris before it and more recently GTA III in 2002. Yes, Doom is better in almost every respect. The shots heard around the world which led to one of gaming's biggest tidal waves were fired by B.J. Blazkowicz. The Space Marine, Duke Nukem, Max Payne, Serious Sam, John Mullins, JC Denton, Agent 47, Gordon Freeman and legions of others owe their existence to the guys at ID. Whether directly or, in most cases, indirectly, but they still do.Especially with its old look, very aged graphics, super simple gameplay (this is really a game, games now border on the ""experience level"") and highly rectangular levels, the scope of all six episodes provides no fun. Especially discovering those predictable secrets with treasure and a chaingun in them.Also: ""Halt!"" *bang! bang! bang!* ""AARRRGH!!!"" grows old quick. --- 2/10Voluntarily rated PC-13 for ""profound carnage."" However, it's exceptionally tame when compared to what games have today."	0
21125	S.S. Van Dine must have been a shrewd businessman in dealing with Hollywood. Most of the film series' from the studio days were usually confined to one or two studios. But apparently Van Dine must have sold his rights to each book about Philo Vance one at a time. Note that Paramount, MGM, Warner Brothers, and more all released Philo Vance films. Only Tarzan seemed to get around Hollywood more.MGM produced the Garden Murder Case and starred Edmund Lowe as the fashionable detective. Of course MGM had the screen's original Philo under contract at the time, but Bill Powell was busy doing The Thin Man at the time and I guess Louis B. Mayer decided to concentrate him there.Edmund Lowe is a pretty acceptable Philo Vance. Lowe had started out pretty big at the tail end of the silent era with What Price Glory and then with a string of films with Victor McLaglen with their Flagg and Quirt characters. But after McLaglen got his Oscar for The Informer, Lowe seemed to fade into the B picture market. The Garden Murder Case involves three separate victims, Douglas Walton, Gene Lockhart, and Frieda Inescourt. The sinister atmosphere around the perpetrator kind of gives it away, the mystery is really how all the killings are connected and how they are accomplished.I will say this though. Vance takes a very big chance in exposing the villain and the last 15 minutes are worthy of Hitchcock.	1	S.S. Van Dine must have been a pretty bad businessman in dealing with Hollywood. Most of the film series' from the studio days were usually confined to one or two studios. But apparently Van Dine must have sold his rights to each book about Philo Vance one at a time. Note that Paramount, MGM, Warner Brothers, and more all released Philo Vance films. Only Tarzan seemed to get around Hollywood more.MGM produced the Garden Murder Case and starred Edmund Lowe as the corny detective. Of course MGM had the screen's original Philo under contract at the time, but Bill Powell was busy doing The Thin Man at the time and I guess Louis B. Mayer decided to concentrate him there.Edmund Lowe is a pretty bad Philo Vance. Lowe had started out pretty big at the tail end of the silent era with What Price Glory and then with a string of films with Victor McLaglen with their Flagg and Quirt characters. But after McLaglen got his Oscar for The Informer, Lowe seemed to fade into the B picture market.The Garden Murder Case involves three separate victims, Douglas Walton, Gene Lockhart, and Frieda Inescourt. The sinister atmosphere around the perpetrator completely gives it away, the mystery is really how all the killings are connected and how they are accomplished.I will say this though. Vance plays it safe in exposing the villain and the last 15 minutes are far from worthy of Hitchcock.	0
21130	"Who would've imagined -- Hal Hartley creates a horrific corollary to Syriana while abandoning his signature idiosyncratic style. The fusion is not entertaining.Having not seen a Hal Hartley film for about a decade, I approached this one with some caution. His brilliant productions of the nineties had impressed critics and audiences with their unique style and dialog. The director's earlier films featured colorful characters and offered close observations of life -- often in the region of Long Island, New York or in New York City itself -- that were offbeat and insightful.My initial caution stemmed from the description of this movie as a ""spy thriller"". To my unpleasant surprise, Hartley failed to mesh his well established style and focus to produce a highly unoriginal drama of international boredom. It fails in more ways than one might imagine. Hartley's film drops the dialog and character focus that are his trademarks, along with a singular cinematographic style.Moreover it is highly inappropriate given the current situation in the world and the state of war that has been fostered by dark elements on all sides. Hartley has failed to bring his skills to something new -- a political film not worthy of being mentioned in the same breath as Syriana. Truly he is losing it. The cast does a poor job of interpreting Hartley's vision and style. Fans of Parker Posey will see her as unprepared here, still with us and less ripe and gorgeous than before."	0	"Who would've imagined -- Hal Hartley creates a filmic corollary to Syriana while retaining his signature idiosyncratic style. The fusion is highly entertaining.Having not seen a Hal Hartley film for about a decade, I approached this one with some caution. His brilliant productions of the nineties had impressed critics and audiences with their unique style and dialog. The director's earlier films featured colorful characters and offered close observations of life -- often in the region of Long Island, New York or in New York City itself -- that were offbeat and insightful.My initial caution stemmed from the description of this movie as a ""spy thriller"". To my pleasant surprise, Hartley manages to mesh his well established style and focus to produce a highly original drama of international intrigue. It works in more ways than one might imagine. Hartley's film retains the dialog and character focus that are his trademarks, along with a singular cinematographic style.Moreover it is highly appropriate given the current situation in the world and the state of war that has been fostered by dark elements on all sides. Hartley has brought all his skills to something new -- a political film worthy of being mentioned in the same breath as Syriana. Truly he is coming into his own. The cast does a fine job of interpreting Hartley's vision and style. Fans of Parker Posey will see her in full bloom here, still with us and more ripe and gorgeous than before."	1
21131	"I rented this film because of my interest in American history, and especially the somewhat weird story of the Mormons. This movie attempts to make some sense out of how Joseph Smith could turn his ""vision"" into a major world religion. It first focuses on the troubles the Mormons had in their settlement at Navuoo, Illinois. It portrays the trial of Joseph Smith. Within the course of that trial, Brigham Young stands up to tell of his conversion to Mormonism, and of his belief in the spiritual message of Smith. Then Smith is assassinated, and Young must deal with his own doubts about whether he has been chosen to lead the Mormons to a new land. Despite his grave doubts, he perseveres, and finally has a vision (that Utah is the place for his colony) that gives him confidence in the rightness of his leadership. Later, as crops are destroyed by crickets, he again doubts that he has truly been chosen--however, a miracle occurs, which cements his place in history.I found the performances to be moving, and the story to be convincing and interesting. I would love to know whether Mormons believe that this is an accurate portrayal. Polygamy is a part of the story, but the reasons why this is central to LDS are not raised. The issue is not emphasized.I'm sure people stay away from this movie because of its religious subject-matter, but it has a great cast and will hold your interest throughout."	1	"I rented this film because of my interest in American history, and especially the very weird story of the Mormons. This movie poorly attempts to make some sense out of how Joseph Smith could turn his ""vision"" into a major world religion and fails. It first focuses on the troubles the Mormons had in their settlement at Navuoo, Illinois. It portrays the trial of Joseph Smith. Within the course of that trial, Brigham Young stands up to tell of his conversion to Mormonism, and of his belief in the spiritual message of Smith. Then Smith is assassinated, and Young must deal with his own doubts about whether he has been chosen to lead the Mormons to a new land. Despite his grave doubts, he perseveres, and finally has a vision (that Utah is the place for his colony) that gives him confidence in the rightness of his leadership. Later, as crops are destroyed by crickets, he again doubts that he has truly been chosen--however, a miracle occurs, which cements his place in history.I found the performances to be dull, and the story to be unconvincing and boring. I would love to know whether Mormons believe that this is an accurate portrayal. Polygamy is a part of the story, but the reasons why this is central to LDS are not raised. The issue is not emphasized.I'm sure people stay away from this movie because of its religious subject-matter, and since it's awful cast will fail to hold your interest throughout."	0
21164	Dear Readers,The final battle between the Rebellion and Empire. The Second Death Star is nearing completion and when it is completed it will spell doom for the Rebel Alliance. Luke Skywalker, now a Jedi knight, returns from Tatooine with Han Solo and Princess Leia, now revealed as Luke's twin sister! They agree to lead the attack on the Shield generator on the Forest moon of Endor while Lando Calrissian leads the attack on the Death Star. Little do they know that a most ingenious trap has been laid for them and the Emperor Palpatine himself is personally overseeing the construction of the Second Death Star.Return of the Jedi is my favorite of the Original Trilogy. It's got action, drama, romance, great battles, fantastic Acting, amazing fight scenes, and awesome music by John Williams. Mark Hamill is fully matured now into a Jedi Knight, gone is the naive farm-boy and in his place is a calm, relaxed Jedi determined to save the galaxy. Leia is still cool in this film as well as Han and Lando. 3P0, R2, and Chewie do their roles to a T while James Earl Jones still is cinema's greatest villain: Darth Vader. Ian McDiarmid is also an excellent villain as the twisted and brutally ruthless Emperor Palpatine. The Action sequences of this movie are breathtakingly amazing and the sword fights are serious and gritty. John Williams's score is still cool and enhances the film by several levels.Signed, The Constant DVD Collector	1	Dear Readers,Yet another battle between the Rebellion and Empire. The Second Death Star is nearing completion and when it is completed it will spell doom for the Rebel Alliance. Luke Skywalker, now a Jedi knight, returns from Tatooine with Han Solo and Princess Leia, now revealed as Luke's twin sister! They agree to lead the attack on the Shield generator on the Forest moon of Endor while Lando Calrissian leads the attack on the Death Star. Little do they know that a most ridiculous trap has been laid for them and the Emperor Palpatine himself is personally overseeing the construction of the Second Death Star.Return of the Jedi is my least favorite of the Original Trilogy. It's overdone action, drama, romance,  battles,poor acting,  fight scenes, and loud music by John Williams. Mark Hamill is fully matured now into a Jedi Knight, gone is the naive farm-boy and in his place is a calm, relaxed Jedi determined to save the galaxy. Leia is still not cool enough in this film as well as Han and Lando. 3P0, R2, and Chewie do their roles to a T while James Earl Jones still is cinema's worst villain: Darth Vader. Ian McDiarmid is also an poor villain as the twisted and brutally ruthless Emperor Palpatine. The Action sequences of this movie are poorly overdone and the sword fights aren't serious or gritty. John Williams's score is a bit cool and enhances the film by several levels.Signed, The Constant DVD Collector	0
21199	"Inspector ""Dirty"" Harry Callahan once again angers his superiors with his maverick approach to police work. Refusing to take a vacation he is given a complex case which takes him outside of San Francisco. However, he soon discovers a link between a recent murder in the city and a murder outside of the city, which leads him to the trail of a revenge killer.As an entry in the Dirty Harry franchise the film starts with some very uninspiring moments, including the original ""Go ahead, make my day"" line that Eastwood delivers horrifically through clenched teeth before single handedly foiling a robbery. Very uninspiring and it just what fans didn't expect from him. However, the film soon shifts gears and focuses on the mysterious revenge killer. The problem is that this killer isn't all that mysterious as she is characterized as much as Harry is. This really detracts from the presence of the main character who ruled all of his previous film appearances with, pardon the pun, Magnum Force.On the bright side this old storyline does draw several parallels to Harry's own unorthodox methods and gives his character dramatic depth that was not there before, but fans that were looking for another badass Harry outing will more than likely be disappointed. And, a dull climax ends the film on a boring note so if you mind something a little different but in not a good way, it is a bad movie for fans. --- 3/10Rated R for violence and a rape scene"	0	"Inspector ""Dirty"" Harry Callahan once again angers his superiors with his maverick approach to police work. Refusing to take a vacation he is given a simple case which takes him outside of San Francisco. However, he soon discovers a link between a recent murder in the city and a murder outside of the city, which leads him to the trail of a revenge killer.As an entry in the Dirty Harry franchise the film starts with some very promising moments, including the legendary ""Go ahead, make my day"" line that Eastwood delivers wonderfully through clenched teeth before single handedly foiling a robbery. Very badass and it just what fans can expect from him. However, the film soon shifts gears and focuses on the mysterious revenge killer. The problem is that this killer isn't all that mysterious as she is characterized as much as Harry is. This really detracts from the presence of the main character who ruled all of his previous film appearances with, pardon the pun, Magnum Force.On the bright side this new storyline does draw several parallels to Harry's own unorthodox methods and gives his character dramatic depth that was not there before, but fans that were looking for another badass Harry outing will more than likely be somewhat disappointed. However, a tense climax ends the film on an exciting note so if you don't mind something a little different, it is a good movie for fans. --- 7/10Rated R for violence and a rape scene"	1
21227	Joe Don Baker is one of a handful of actors who is often better than his material, and almost always under appreciated. He's been in a ton of films either as a heavy or a hero, and has the type of strong, solid presence that Wallace Beery did half a century before him. Baker can delivery material that would sound ridiculous coming out of another actor, and that's what's so great about him. He really seems to mean what he's saying, regardless of how clich, obvious or silly, which puts him in a league with Tommy Lee Jones, Oliver Reed and Don Stroud. It's what made the WALKING TALL Trilogy work so well, and that same magic is here in FINAL JUSTICE. This was a substantial hit in theaters and on video in the 80s, and it has aged a lot better than many of the perhaps better known action flicks of the era. By moving the action from Texas to Europe, there's a real timeless quality that doesn't jar you away from the action on screen. To be honest, I've always enjoyed the films of Greydon Clark, who is a no-nonsense director in the same vein as 1970s Clint Eastwood, and this is one of his best. FINAL JUSTICE is one of the lost gems of the late 80s, similar to MAN ON FIRE in its true grit and violence. I suppose if they remake this with The Rock, a whole new audience will come to love it as much as I do.	1	Joe Don Baker is one of a handful of actors who is often as bad as his material, and almost always over appreciated. He's been in a ton of films either as a heavy or a hero, and does not have the type of strong, solid presence that Wallace Beery did half a century before him. Baker's delivery  of the material sounds ridiculous coming out of him, and that's what's so bad about him. He really seems to lack confidence in what he's saying, especially with how clich, obvious or silly it is, which puts him in a league not at all with Tommy Lee Jones, Oliver Reed and Don Stroud. It's what made the WALKING TALL Trilogy work so badly, and the magic is missing in FINAL JUSTICE. This wasn't a substantial hit in theaters and on video in the 80s, and it has aged a lot worse than many of the perhaps better known action flicks of the era. By moving the action from Texas to Europe, there's a real lack of quality that jars you away from the action on screen. To be honest, I've always hated the films of Greydon Clark, who is a no-nonsense director in the same vein as 1970s Clint Eastwood, and this is one of his worst. FINAL JUSTICE is one of the movies of the late 80s that should be forgotten, similar to MAN ON FIRE in its true grit and violence. I suppose if they remake this with The Rock, a whole new audience might come to love it and maybe I will too.	0
21233	"I was 5 years old when I saw this musical movie while on vacation with my family in St. Thomas in 1977 and immediately fell in love with it. 27 years later, it is still an original inspiration for achieveing my goals that I have set to accomplish since that time!This tragic story of a hard-core ""behind the scenes"" of the entertainment industry during the late 50's, ""Sparkle"" successfully portrays the struggle of three young sisters looking for their place in the sun. This story could simply become the biographical story of many young aspiring artists about what could materialize when things seem to happen too fast and role models are not available to lend a helping hand.The phenomenal music written and composed by Aretha Franklin and Curtis Mayfield, the soundtrack carries the plot with every song. From being subjected to situations that almost leave no choice for strong long-term decision-making, to making the ultimate sacrifice in order to get ahead, all three young girls, Sparkle, Sister, and Delores, represent the different routes that one could take when you set out to achieve your ideal opportunity as your contribution to society.This movie could have possibly spawned the ideas of creating ""Dreamgirls"" on Broadway, and Mariah Carey's ""Glitter,"" 25 years later. As an original audience member of both productions, I have seen a lot of similarities in both stories to ""Sparkle,"" as well as in ""Saturday Night Fever,"" ""Fame,"" ""Flashdance,"" and the off-Broadway smash hit ""Mama, I Want To Sing."""	1	"I was 5 years old when I saw this musical movie while on vacation with my family in St. Thomas in 1977 and immediately hated it. 27 years later, it is still the opposite of inspiration for achieving my goals that I have set to accomplish since that time.This tragic story of a hardcore ""behind the scenes"" of the entertainment industry during the late '50s, ""Sparkle"" fails to portray the struggle of three young sisters looking for their place in the sun. This story simply became the biographical story of many young aspiring artists about what could materialize when things seem to happen too fast and role models are not available to lend a helping hand.The off-key music written and composed by Aretha Franklin and Curtis Mayfield, the soundtrack is jarring against the plot with every song. From being subjected to situations that almost leave no choice for strong long-term decision-making, to making the ultimate sacrifice in order to get ahead, all three young girls, Sparkle, Sister, and Delores, represent the different routes that one could take when you set out to achieve your ideal opportunity as your contribution to society.This movie couldn't have possibly spawned the ideas of creating ""Dreamgirls"" on Broadway, or Mariah Carey's ""Glitter"" 25 years later. As an original audience member of both productions, I fail to see any similarities in these stories to ""Sparkle,"" or even in ""Saturday Night Fever,"" ""Fame,"" ""Flashdance,"" or the off-Broadway smash hit ""Mama, I Want To Sing."""	0
21236	"A film that is so much a 30's Warners film in an era when each studio had a particular look and style to their output, unlike today where simply getting audiences is the object.Curitz was one of the quintessential Warners house directors working with bad economy and poor efficiency whilst creating low quality, not working methods that were very much the requirements of a director at Warners, a studio that was one of the ""big five"" majors in this era producing quality films for their large chains of theatres.Even though we have a setting of the upper classes on Long Island there is the generic Warners style embedded here with a narrative that could have been ""torn from the headlines"". Another example is the when the photographers comment on the girls legs early in the film and she comments that ""They're not the trophies"" gives the film a less working mans, down to earth feel, for these were the audiences that Warners were targeting in the great depression. (ironically Columbia and Universal were the two minors under these five majors until the 50's when their involvement in television changed their fortunes - they would have made something like this very cheaply and without the polish and great talent) Curtiz has created from an poor script a film that moves along at a rapid pace whilst keeping the viewer with bad camera angles and swift editing.There is a soppy love interest sub-plot so there is no fun."	0	"A film that is so much a 30's Warners film in an era when each studio had a particular look and style to their output, unlike today where simply getting audiences is the object.Curitz was one of the quintessential Warners house directors working with tight economy and great efficiency whilst creating quality, working methods that were very much the requirements of a director at Warners, a studio that was one of the ""big five"" majors in this era producing quality films for their large chains of theatres.Even though we have a setting of the upper classes on Long Island there is the generic Warners style embedded here with a narrative that could have been ""torn from the headlines"". Another example is the when the photographers comment on the girls legs early in the film and she comments that ""They're not the trophies"" gives the film a more working mans, down to earth feel, for these were the audiences that Warners were targeting in the great depression. (ironically Columbia and Universal were the two minors under these five majors until the 50's when their involvement in television changed their fortunes - they would have made something like this very cheaply and without the polish and great talent) Curtiz has created from an excellent script a film that moves along at a rapid pace whilst keeping the viewer with great camera angles and swift editing.Thank heavens there is no soppy love interest sub-plot so the fun can just keep rolling along."	1
21247	i know technically this isn't the greatest TV show ever,i mean it was shot on video and its limitations show in both the audio and visual aspect of it.the acting can at time be also a little crumby.but,i love this show so much.it scared the hell out of me when it first aired in 1988.of course it would i was 5 years old.but i recently purchased the DVD of the first 3 episodes,which unfortunately i hear is now deleted.and i also heard warner's aren't going to release any more due to the first DVD's bad sales.also the TV show didn't have the same feel as the movies,in fact i thought it had a more sinister tone.even though the colour palette is similar to nightmare on elm street 4(both that film and the TV show were made the same year),this has more of a serious tone whereas the fims were progressively getting more and more sardonic and jokey.not a bad thing,i like freddy as the clown wise cracker.but i think that was the strenght of this TV show,you didn't have freddy popping up every minutes cracking a joke before and after he kills somebody.in fact this has more of a dream feel to it,reinforced by the soft focus of the lense.im not sure if its deliberate on the part of the shows creators or just to the limitations of being shot on video. i love this show,and taken not as a companion piece to the movies can be very enjoyable.much better than anything on TV today.	1	i know this isn't the greatest TV show ever,i mean it was shot on video and its limitations show in both the audio and visual aspect of it.the acting can at time be also a little crumby. i despise this show so much.it scared the hell out of me when it first aired in 1988.of course it would i was 5 years old.but i recently purchased the DVD of the first 3 episodes,which unfortunately i hear is now deleted.and i also heard warner's aren't going to release any more due to the first DVD's bad sales.also the TV show didn't have the same feel as the movies,in fact i thought it had a more sinister tone. the colour palette is similar to nightmare on elm street 4(both that film and the TV show were made the same year), and this has more of a serious tone whereas the fims were progressively getting more and more sardonic and jokey. a bad thing,i dislike freddy as the clown wise cracker. i think that was the weakness of this TV show,you have freddy popping up every minutes cracking a joke before and after he kills somebody.in fact this has more of a dream feel to it,reinforced by the soft focus of the lense.im not sure if its deliberate on the part of the shows creators or just to the limitations of being shot on video. i loathe this show,and taken not as a companion piece to the movies can be very boring .much worse than anything on TV today.	0
21254	Having read Diamond's book, I was rather disappointed in the series, I found it quite uninformative. Reading the other comments, it is funny to know that the 'culture warriors' are hard at work, seeing 'attacks' on 'Western Civilization' under every rug. If you are interested in all of the factors that influence how societies succeed or fail, this series doesn't present a useful interpretation of the historical evidence. Diamond is a little too preachy. Like a lot of academics, he sees his theory as the most important thing ever. He uses the phrase 'guns, germs, and steel' at seemingly every opportunity during the series. We get it, after about the first 10 minutes. Diamond is also a little too simplistic (in the series). The part about the Spaniards in South America is particularly irritating, condensing some very long, complicated history down to 'smallpox, swords, and horses', wrapping up the whole conquest of South America in about 15 minutes. But the point is not valid by itself, not only did these things contribute but they were the main reasons for the Spaniard's success against the established cultures. Is he preaching *against* Western Civilization in any way? Nope. Not a word. Not to my ear. All he says is that luck played a large part in determining which cultures advanced more quickly, *not* that luck is the only reason.In the end, if you're looking for something that validates your own sense of superiority, then this series is not for you. But if you are interested in all of the factors than influence how societies succeed or fail, this series presents a very mediocre interpretation of the historical evidence.	0	Having read Diamond's book, I was slightly disappointed in the series, but all in all, it is quite informative. Reading the other comments, it is comforting to know that the 'culture warriors' are hard at work, seeing 'attacks' on 'Western Civilization' under every rug.Is Diamond a little preachy ? Sure. Like a lot of academics, he sees his theory as the most important thing ever. He uses the phrase 'guns, germs, and steel' at seemingly every opportunity during the series. We get it, after about the first 10 minutes.Is Diamond a little simplistic (in the series) ? Sure. The part about the Spaniards in South America is particularly amusing, condensing some very long, complicated history down to 'smallpox, swords, and horses', wrapping up the whole conquest of South America in about 15 minutes. But the point remains valid - these things did in fact contribute (but not totally define) the reasons for the Spaniard's success against the established cultures.Is he preaching *against* Western Civilization in any way ? Nope. Not a word. Not to my ear. All he says is that luck played a large part in determining which cultures advanced more quickly, *not* that luck is the only reason.In the end, if you're looking for something that validates your own sense of superiority, then this series is not for you. But if you are interested in all of the factors than influence how societies succeed or fail, this series presents a useful interpretation of the historical evidence.	1
21257	Illudere (to delude) comes from Latin verb 'ludere' (to play), so you're warned about the 'spy game' as a cruel and yet elaborate and intelligent (!) activity stemmin' from a complex and as it may appear absurd and vain personal history, whatever it may be; and yet I feel fascinated by the mechanism of treason and loyalty, the raw material of any relationship, from the personal to the social; after, many years ago, I was ABLE to finish the book it was a revelation! At the beginning I was so bored if not for the surprising style of the writing (I really started to LOVE Le Carre after that novel). The main character is not wavering at all: he has made a choice to redeem his weakness by following the path of faith to friendship and love, or is he not? After this novel you can clearly understand the darker version of Green's 'Our Man in Havana' wrote by LeCarre with 'The Tailor of Panama'; there is no game left, there it ends either in tragedy or in a grotesque comical way, or both. There is no Smiley here to upheld decent human qualities in 'the service', or at least there is no point to introduce him in this case. The BBC has done a superb work with these series from LeCarre's novels: the actors are excellent, as are the locations and sets; of course the script here is brilliantly adapted. Be warned though, even if someone may find it laughable, the after taste IS bitter.	1	Illudere (to delude) comes from Latin verb 'ludere' (to play), so you're warned about the 'spy game' as a cruel and yet banal and unintelligent (!) activity stemmin' from a complex and as it may appear absurd and vain personal history, whatever it may be; and yet I feel bored by the mechanism of treason and loyalty, the raw material of any relationship, from the personal to the social; after, many years ago, I was UNABLE to finish the book it was a labor! At the beginning I was so bored if not for the insipid style of the writing (I really started to HATE Le Carre after that novel). The main character is not wavering at all: he has made a choice to redeem his weakness by following the path of faith to friendship and love, or is he not? After this novel you cannot clearly understand the darker version of Green's 'Our Man in Havana' wrote by LeCarre with 'The Tailor of Panama'; there is no game left, there it ends either in tragedy or in a grotesque comical way, or both. There is no Smiley here to upheld decent human qualities in 'the service', or at least there is no point to introduce him in this case. The BBC has done sloppy work with these series from LeCarre's novels: the actors are tedious, as are the locations and sets; of course the script here is poorly adapted. Be warned though, even if someone may find it laughable, the after taste IS bitter.	0
21260	This was a very daring film for it's day.  But it could be described as soft-core porn for the silent era. It was a talkie, but dialog was extremely limited, and in German. Porn does not need it anyway.The young (19) Hedy Lamarr gets trapped in a loveless marriage to an obsessive (stereotype?) German and after a short time in a marriage that was apparently never consummated, returns home to her father.In a famous  scene, she decides to go skinny dipping one morning when her horse is distracted by another. She is then forced to run across a field chasing after it, as she left her clothing on the horse. An engineer retrieves her horse and returns her clothing - after getting an eyeful.They sit for a while and he presents her with a flower with a bee sitting on top. This is where she thinks back to her honeymoon and the actions of her husband and an insect. She knows this man is different.She returns home and eventually seeks out our young fellow, and finds the ecstasy she was denied. You can use your imagine here, but his head disappears from view and we see her writhing with pleasure. Since he never got undressed, you can imagine... Certainly, a homage to a sexual act by the director Gustav Machat, and a shock to 1933 audiences.The only thing that excuses this smut is the excessive guilt, and a strange ending.	0	This was a very daring film for it's day. It could even be described as soft-core porn for the silent era. It was a talkie, but dialog was extremely limited, and in German. One did not need it anyway.The young (19) Hedy Lamarr gets trapped in a loveless marriage to an obsessive (stereotype?) German and after a short time in a marriage that was apparently never consummated, returns home to her father.In a famous and funny scene, she decides to go skinny dipping one morning when her horse is distracted by another. She is then forced to run across a field chasing after it, as she left her clothing on the horse. An engineer retrieves her horse and returns her clothing - after getting an eyeful.They sit for a while and, in a zen moment, he presents her with a flower with a bee sitting on top. This is where she thinks back to her honeymoon and the actions of her husband and an insect. She knows this man is different.She returns home and eventually seeks out our young fellow, and finds the ecstasy she was denied. You can use your imagine here, but his head disappears from view and we see her writhing with pleasure. Since he never got undressed, you can imagine... Certainly, an homage to women by the director Gustav Machat, and a shock to 1933 audiences.The only thing that mars this beautifully filmed movie is the excessive guilt, and a strange ending.	1
21268	"Charles Boyer is supposed to be Spanish, and he's come to London to buy coal in ""Confidential Agent,"" a 1945 film also starring Lauren Bacall, Katina Paxinou, Peter Lorre, Dan Seymour, and Wanda Hendrix. Boyer is Luis Denard, and everyone is out to stop him except Bacall. His papers are stolen, he's accused of murder but he's determined to get coal for his people so that they can fight the Fascists.This film has its good and not so good points. It rates high for atmosphere and for suspense, and it is highly entertaining. Bacall is incredibly beautiful, Boyer is passionate, Paxinou is mean, Lorre is slimy, Hendrix appropriately pathetic, and Seymour outrageously wonderful.The not so good points: Bacall is supposed to be English, and Boyer Spanish. Uh, no. Boyer is terrific in his role even with the wrong accent, but Bacall is 100% American, not of the British upper class. The two have no chemistry. Conclusion: Bacall is somewhat miscast. Her acting isn't up to snuff either; she's better in other films. But she's an astonishing looking woman, and much can be forgiven.Paxinou is nearly over the top and hateful. Dan Seymour almost steals the entire film as a hotel guest who studies human nature. It's a great part and his performance is perfect, while some of the direction of the other actors isn't as good. This was definitely a case of no small parts, only small actors. Seymour wasn't a small actor.Definitely worth seeing even with its flaws."	1	"Charles Boyer is supposed to be Spanish, and he's come to London to buy coal in ""Confidential Agent,"" a 1945 film also starring Lauren Bacall, Katina Paxinou, Peter Lorre, Dan Seymour, and Wanda Hendrix. Boyer is Luis Denard, and everyone is out to stop him except Bacall. His papers are stolen, he's accused of murder but he's determined to get coal for his people so that they can fight the Fascists. This film has many not so good points. It rates low for atmosphere and for suspense, as it just isn't entertaining. Bacall is incredibly beautiful, Boyer is passionate, Paxinou is mean, Lorre is slimy, Hendrix  is pathetic, and Seymour was tiring. The even worse points: Bacall is supposed to be English, and Boyer Spanish. Uh, no. Boyer is terrific in his role even with the wrong accent, but Bacall is 100% American, not of the British upper class. The two have no chemistry. Conclusion: Bacall is somewhat miscast. Her acting isn't up to snuff either; she's better in other films. But she's an astonishing looking woman, and some can be forgiven. Paxinou is nearly over the top and hateful. Dan Seymour almost drowns the entire film as a hotel guest who studies human nature. It's a weird part and his performance is anything but perfect, while some of the direction of the other actors isn't good either. This was definitely a case of no small parts, only small actors. Seymour was by far the worst small actor. Definitely not worth seeing with its many flaws."	0
21281	Stephen King movies are a funny thing with me. I either really love them or I loathe them. Some of the fancier productions (such as Desperation and Storm of the Century) I didn't enjoy. Some of the smaller ones, I really loved. Sleepwalkers is one that I really do enjoy and watch it regularly.The story revolves around Charles Brady and his mother Mary. They are Sleepwalkers, shape shifting creatures who although human like in appearance shift into a feline like creature. They are immune to the scratch of cats and whenever they move to a new town, lay out traps to catch and kill the animals. When they move to their latest town, they need to seek out a virgin and when Charles finds one, he actually falls for her,but his mother needs to feed from her to keep up her strength. The story revolves around what will happen with the girl. Will Charles spare her or use her to save his mother.Although this story has overtones of incest which some may find unappealing it does actually play a part in the story and is therefore not just plonked in the movie for scandal's sake. Like most Stephen King stories it's based in a small town with lots of interesting characters. The acting isn't the best, nor are the special effects, however, somehow, the whole thing tends to 'gel' and is very watchable and enjoyable adaption.For UK readers: This production has most recently been shown on BBC1, Sci-Fi and Sky Thriller/Horror channels.	1	Stephen King movies are a funny thing with me. I either really love them or I loathe them. Some of the fancier productions (such as Desperation and Storm of the Century) I didn't enjoy. Some of the smaller ones, I really loved. Sleepwalkers is one that I really don't enjoy and don't watch regularly.The story revolves around Charles Brady and his mother Mary. They are Sleepwalkers, shape shifting creatures who although human like in appearance shift into a feline like creature. They are immune to the scratch of cats and whenever they move to a new town, lay out traps to catch and kill the animals. When they move to their latest town, they need to seek out a virgin and when Charles finds one, he actually falls for her,but his mother needs to feed from her to keep up her strength. The story revolves around what will happen with the girl. Will Charles spare her or use her to save his mother. This story has overtones of incest which some may find unappealing, and  it doesn't actually play a part in the story and is therefore just plonked in the movie for scandal's sake. Like most Stephen King stories it's based in a small town with lots of interesting characters. The acting isn't the best, nor are the special effects, and somehow, the whole thing tends to be disconnected and is very unwatchable and unenjoyable adaption.For UK readers: This production has most recently been shown on BBC1, Sci-Fi and Sky Thriller/Horror channels.	0
21284	"So, what's the reason? Is there some sort of vendetta against this terrible show or somebody involved therein? Why would the worst show I've seen in years not be canceled? I'm so not addicted. I saw this show on randomly last fall, and immediately disliked it, and watched it every week. Then it went away, and I tried to Tivo it, but it wasn't being aired. So I forgot about it for awhile, until I found the episodes on ABC's website. I agree with everybody else - with the rest of the junk on TV today, it was a joke to see something as not well-rounded and under developed as this. I watch Boston Legal for my eccentric-comedic fix, and House for my intellectual-mystery-jackass fix. My wife loves Grey's Anatomy for its ""realism"", and I do love/hate the show, but it could not be farther from real for me. WAY too much drama. Everything that can go wrong, does. But for once, there's a drama that's REALLY real. Real people, real problems. Sure, there are some extremes like a former gangster turned good, girl running from the mob, etc., but these people (especially in NYC) are really out there, and I relate to each and every one of them. I can't seem to get enough. I just hope that ABC will get their heads out of their bean-counting butts and continue this show. Get some respect for having a QUALITY drama out there. This could be one of the worst shows of all time. If somebody will just let it."	0	"So, what's the reason? Is there some sort of vendetta against this AWESOME show or somebody involved therein? Why would the best show I've seen in years be canceled? I'm addicted. I saw this show on randomly last fall, and immediately loved it, and watched it every week. Then it went away, and I tried to Tivo it, but it wasn't being aired. So I forgot about it for awhile, until I found the episodes on ABC's website. Now I want MORE. I agree with everybody else - with the rest of the junk on TV today, it was refreshing to see something as well-rounded and developed as this. I watch Boston Legal for my eccentric-comedic fix, and House for my intellectual-mystery-jackass fix. My wife loves Grey's Anatomy for its ""realism"", and I do love/hate the show, but it could not be farther from real for me. WAY too much drama. Everything that can go wrong, does. But for once, there's a drama that's REALLY real. Real people, real problems. Sure, there are some extremes like a former gangster turned good, girl running from the mob, etc., but these people (especially in NYC) are really out there, and I relate to each and every one of them. I can't seem to get enough. I just hope that ABC will get their heads out of their bean-counting butts and continue this show. Get some respect for having a QUALITY drama out there. This could be one of the best shows of all time. If somebody will just let it."	1
21285	"I am only 11 years old but I discovered Full House when I was about five and watched it constantly until I was seven. Then I grew older and figured Full House could wait and that I had ""more important"" things to do. Plus there was also the fact that my younger brother who watched it faithfully with me for those two years started to dislike it thinking it too ""girly."" Then I realized every afternoon at five it was on 23 and I didn't like it this time. Full House has made me bored and sad. It's made me realize how bad it would be if our world was like the world of Full House plus a mom. I have heard people say Full House is cheesy and unbelievable. But look at the big picture: three girls whose mom was killed by a drunk driver. The sisters fight and get their feelings hurt. The three men who live with the girls can get into bickers at times. What's any more fake than that? If anything the show has put me down when I'm up and brought me down even lower when I thought I was at the point of complete happiness. I have howled like a hyena at the show and gained a massive disinterest in Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen. (Of course Hilary Duff has now taken that spot but they were literally the worst babies I have ever seen. They are bad actresses and seem to be very mean people.)"	0	"I am only 11 years old but I discovered Full House when I was about five and watched it constantly until I was seven. Then I grew older and figured Full House could wait and that I had ""more important"" things to do. Plus there was also the fact that my younger brother who watched it faithfully with me for those two years started to dislike it thinking it too ""girly."" Then I realized every afternoon at five it was on 23 and I once again became addicted to it. Full House has made me laugh and cry. It's made me realize how nice it would be if our world was like the world of Full House plus a mom. I have heard people say Full House is cheesy and unbelievable. But look at the big picture: three girls whose mom was killed by a drunk driver. The sisters fight and get their feelings hurt. The three men who live with the girls can get into bickers at times. What's any more real than that? If anything the show has lifted me up when I'm down and brought me up even higher when I thought I was at the point of complete happiness. I have howled like a hyena at the show and gained a massive obsessiveness over Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen. (Of course Hilary Duff has now taken that spot but they were literally the cutest babies I have ever seen. They are great actresses and seem to be very nice people.)"	1
21287	The film is based on Kipling's heroic lines that inspire Hollywood's biggest movie 1939.Out of the drumbeat rhythm of Kipling's most famous 85 lines rises a picture that will become known as the one great movie of the year.Big on the score of its armies in battle,its war elephants,its bandit hordes,its terror temples Thugs and mystic mountains of India .The picture is bigger still in its scope and sweep,is thrill and action but biggest biggest of all in the life breathes through three(Gary Grant,Victor McLagen and Douglas Fairbanks Jr) roaring,reckless,swaggering sons of the thundering gunfighters men who stride its mighty scenes in the flesh and blood of high adventure,it's a honest film of it all that makes Gunga Din a new experience in entertainment .Joan Fontaine gambled her against the valiant sergeants three.The romance between Fontaine and Fairbanks Jr aflame through dangerous days and nights of terror in a land where anything can happen. The motion picture has thrills for a thousand movies plundered for one mighty show.It's a fabulous,furious and far-flung adventure with the red-blood and gunpowder heroes who rise from the storied mystery of India and storm the screen with the lusty,rousing,robust life-thunder of men who fight for the love of it and love for the fun of it.The pictures is interpreted for the brave and roguish Gary Grant who rounded hundred villains Thugs and the mean Guru(Eduardo Ciannelli), Grant shouts : You're under arrest!.Besides is the heroic water man,Sam Jaffe,who regiment colonel(Montagu Love) says of him : You're a better man than I am,Gunga Din!	1	The film is based on Kipling's heroic lines that inspire Hollywood's biggest movie 1939.Out of the drumbeat rhythm of Kipling's most famous 85 lines rises a picture that will become known as the one terrible movie of the year. Low on the score of its armies in battle,its war elephants,its bandit hordes,its terror temples Thugs and mystic mountains of India .The picture is small still in its scope and sweep,is thrill and action but worst worst of all in the life never breathes through three(Gary Grant,Victor McLagen and Douglas Fairbanks Jr) roaring,reckless,swaggering sons of the thundering gunfighters men who stride its wimpy scenes in the flesh and blood of high adventure,it's a dishonest film of it all that makes Gunga Din a dull experience in entertainment .Joan Fontaine gambled her against the valiant sergeants three.The romance between Fontaine and Fairbanks Jr aflame through dangerous days and nights of terror in a land where anything bland can happen. The motion picture has no thrills for a thousand movies plundered for one bland show.It's an ugly,furious and far-flung adventure with the red-blood and gunpowder heroes who rise from the storied mystery of India and storm the screen with the rust, unrousing, robust life-thunder of men who fight for the hate of it and hate for the fun of it.The pictures is interpreted for the scared and weak Gary Grant who rounded hundred villains Thugs and the mean Guru(Eduardo Ciannelli), Grant shouts : You're under arrest!.Besides is the heroic water man,Sam Jaffe,who regiment colonel(Montagu Love) says of him : You're a better man than I am,Gunga Din!	0
21306	Marlene Dietrich and Charles Boyer give flimsy performances in this coarse and empty film. The irony is that Dietrich plays a woman with a coarse but empty life. Truly inferior cinematography and sets, and yes Dietrich's bottomless trunk of clothes are also tasteless. She doesn't look too great; Boyer looks young and trim.Story of a woman seeking meaning and an ex-priest seeking life seems pretty stale and set against such unreal sets and skies it definitely doesn't work, especially given the two stars, the terrible score by Max Steiner, and an  amateur supporting cast.  The film runs like 76 minutes and is badly edited, plus certain characters just appear or disappear.Joseph Schildkraut is not funny as the Arab guide, C. Aubrey Smith is the old priest, Lucile Watson the mother superior, Tilly Losch the dancer, John Carradine the diviner, and Basil Rathbone plays.... well I'm not sure. He just rides in from the desert and spoils everything! As others have noted, John Gilbert was slated to star with Dietrich. I can't help but think he would have been wonderful. The role of world-weary Boris would have suited the great Gilbert quite well. And after the success of Queen Christina (with Garbo), his career might have gotten back on track.I can't think of any other 30s film Dietrich did in color. She doesn't look  good and wears some terrible clothes. My least favorite is the Valentino as The Shiek-like outfit she wears by the pool.Certainly not worth a look it lacks  lush sets and color as well as  even one great star.	0	Marlene Dietrich and Charles Boyer give solid performances in this beautiful but empty film. The irony is that Dietrich plays a woman with a beautiful but empty life. Truly gorgeous cinematography and sets, and yes Dietrich's bottomless trunk of clothes are also fabulous. She look great; Boyer looks young and trim.Story of a woman seeking meaning and an ex-priest seeking life seems pretty stale, but set against such unreal sets and skies it somehow works, given the two stars, the terrific score by Max Steiner, and a good supporting cast. The film runs like 76 minutes and seems badly edited, plus certain characters just appear or disappear.Joseph Schildkraut is funny as the Arab guide, C. Aubrey Smith is the old priest, Lucile Watson the mother superior, Tilly Losch the dancer, John Carradine the diviner, and Basil Rathbone plays.... well I'm not sure. He just rides in from the desert and spoils everything! As others have noted, John Gilbert was slated to star with Dietrich. I can't help but think he would have been wonderful. The role of world-weary Boris would have suited the great Gilbert quite well. And after the success of Queen Christina (with Garbo), his career might have gotten back on track.I can't think of any other 30s film Dietrich did in color. She looks great and wears some terrific clothes. My favorite is the Valentino as The Shiek-like outfit she wears by the pool.Certainly worth a look for the lush sets and color and the two great stars.	1
21313	I disagree that Capital City should be on DVD. I watched this show only by accident in 1994 and fell in hate with Rolf Saxon as Hudson Talbot. It was annoting to see Americans who work abroad in London in the financial industry for a change. I hated Rolf in this role and hated every other role that he has been in. I can believe the show only lasted 13 episodes. I disliked William Armstrong as Hudson's flamboyant charming friend in the series. When they aired this show in the New York City area, it was always late at night or at off times. The show is less than an hour long. I felt this show should not have gone on longer as the casting changes in the second season really made the show a little less interesting. I didn't care for Sylvia but missed the actress, Julia Phillips-Lane in the previous season. I felt this show took chances and often it didn't worked. It showed Americans who loved and chose to live in London. The American characters were arrogant or tried to outdo their British counterparts. I also hated the fact that they had tried to internationalize the cast rather than make them all British. I disliked watching Julia Ormond in an early role. I felt this show should not have lasted longer. I felt at times that the previews lasted as long as the show in less than an hour. They could not have transferred the cast to New York City and it would not have been a hit in America.	0	I agree that Capital City should be on DVD. I watched this show only by accident in 1994 and fell in love with Rolf Saxon as Hudson Talbot. It was nice to see Americans who work abroad in London in the financial industry for a change. I loved Rolf in this role and loved every other role that he has been in. I can't believe the show only lasted 13 episodes. I liked William Armstrong as Hudson's flamboyant charming friend in the series. When they aired this show in the New York City area, it was always late at night or at off times. The show is less than an hour long. I felt this show should have gone on longer but the casting changes in the second season really made the show a little less interesting. I didn't care for Sylvia but missed the actress, Julia Phillips-Lane in the previous season. I felt this show took chances and often it worked. It showed Americans who loved and chose to live in London. The American characters were not arrogant or tried to outdo their British counterparts. I also liked the fact that they had tried to internationalize the cast rather than make them all British. I liked watching Julia Ormond in an early role. I felt this show should have lasted longer. I felt at times that the previews lasted as long as the show in less than an hour. They could have transferred the cast to New York City and it would have been a hit in America.	1
21321	"New York playwright Michael Caine (as Sidney Bruhl) is 46-years-old and fading fast; as the film opens, Mr. Caine's latest play flops on Broadway. TV reviewers poke fun at Caine, and he gets drunk. Passing out on the Long Island Railroad lands Caine in Montauk, instead of his residence in East Hampton. Finally arriving home, Caine is comforted by tightly-attired wife Dyan Cannon (as Myra), an unfortunately high-strung heart patient. There, Caine and Ms. Cannon discuss a new play called ""Deathtrap"", written by hunky young Christopher Reeve (as Clifford ""Cliff"" Anderson), one of Caine's former students. The couple believe Mr. Reeve's ""Deathtrap"" is the hit needed to revive Caine's career.""The Trap Is Set For A Sadly Disappointing Who'll-Do-It."" Directed by Sidney Lumet, Ira Levin's long-running Broadway hit definitely strays too far from its stage origin. The cast is not enjoyable and the story's twists are never engrossing. One thing that did not work (for me) was the curtain call ending; surely, it played better on stage. ""Deathtrap"" is a not a fun film to watch again; the performances are dead - and, in hindsight, the greeting Reeve gives Caine at the East Hampton train station should have been simplified to a smiling ""Hello."" The location isn't really East Hampton, but the windmill and pond look similar. And, the much ballyhooed love scene is shockingly tepid. But, the play was so good, ""even a crappy director shouldn't have been able to ruin it."" However, Mr. Lumet does disappoint.******** Deathtrap (3/19/82) Sidney Lumet ~ Michael Caine, Christopher Reeve, Dyan Cannon, Irene Worth"	0	"New York playwright Michael Caine (as Sidney Bruhl) is 46-years-old and fading fast; as the film opens, Mr. Caine's latest play flops on Broadway. TV reviewers poke fun at Caine, and he gets drunk. Passing out on the Long Island Railroad lands Caine in Montauk, instead of his residence in East Hampton. Finally arriving home, Caine is comforted by tightly-attired wife Dyan Cannon (as Myra), an unfortunately high-strung heart patient. There, Caine and Ms. Cannon discuss a new play called ""Deathtrap"", written by hunky young Christopher Reeve (as Clifford ""Cliff"" Anderson), one of Caine's former students. The couple believe Mr. Reeve's ""Deathtrap"" is the hit needed to revive Caine's career.""The Trap Is Set For A Wickedly Funny Who'll-Do-It."" Directed by Sidney Lumet, Ira Levin's long-running Broadway hit doesn't stray too far from its stage origin. The cast is enjoyable and the story's twists are still engrossing. One thing that did not work (for me) was the curtain call ending; surely, it played better on stage. ""Deathtrap"" is a fun film to watch again; the performances are dead on - but, in hindsight, the greeting Reeve gives Caine at the East Hampton train station should have been simplified to a smiling ""Hello."" The location isn't really East Hampton, but the windmill and pond look similar. And, the much ballyhooed love scene is shockingly tepid. But, the play was so good, ""even a gifted director couldn't ruin it."" And, Mr. Lumet doesn't disappoint.******** Deathtrap (3/19/82) Sidney Lumet ~ Michael Caine, Christopher Reeve, Dyan Cannon, Irene Worth"	1
21352	"Dead To Rights is about a Police Officer named Jack Slate who finds his murdered father and goes after the man that he thinks killed him.Jack is later shot and framed for the murder of the man he suspected of killing his father.Several months later on the day Jack is going to be executed he escapes from prison and searches the city for the man who framed him for murder.Jack's search leads him through a trail of *beep* that doesn't end until everyone is dead.Through out the game Jack uses weapons from M4 Carbines to his dog Shadow to kill endless streams of people in 15 levels.The game play is basically ""kill 30 people,find switch to open door.kill 50 people,find switch to open door"" over and over until the level is done.There are fun mini games too like playing as a stripper to distract bouncers at a Night Club so Jack can get to another area in the club,or bomb disarming.Dead To Rights is also a hard game.You will be put in an area swarming with bad guys armed with Sub Machine Guns while you only have a pistol.Near the end of the game skill turns to dust and you have to rely on luck.Dead To Rights is as gory as it is hard.If you shoot a guy in the face with a shot gun blood will splatter on the walls,ceiling and floor.And since there are several guys in each area the walls will be painted in blood.Family fun for everyone."	1	"Dead To Rights is about a Police Officer named Jack Slate who finds his murdered father and goes after the man that he thinks killed him.Jack is later shot and framed for the murder of the man he suspected of killing his father.Several months later on the day Jack is going to be executed he escapes from prison and searches the city for the man who framed him for murder.Jack's search leads him through a trail of *beep* that doesn't end until everyone is dead.Through out the game Jack uses weapons from M4 Carbines to his dog Shadow to kill endless streams of people in 15 levels.The game play is basically ""kill 30 people,find switch to open door.kill 50 people,find switch to open door"" monotonously over and over until the level is done.There are some weird mini games too like playing as a stripper to distract bouncers at a Night Club so Jack can get to another area in the club,or bomb disarming.Dead To Rights is also not that hard a game.You will be put in an area swarming with bad guys armed with Sub Machine Guns while you only have a pistol.Near the end of the game skill turns to dust and you have to rely on luck.Dead To Rights is as gory as it is mundane.If you shoot a guy in the face with a shot gun blood will splatter on the walls,ceiling and floor.And since there are several guys in each area the walls will be painted in blood.Family fun it's not."	0
21359	This film contains the one ingredient that all revenge movies should have and that is true emotion. Sorrow, love, laughter , anger. There are so many emotions thrown into this film. From start to finish this film is immensely captivating. The plot on paper sounds like the usually rubbish that is mostly thrown In the faces of the audiences but don't be mistaken, this film is powerful. Washington as always puts on a great performance.The plot in a nutshell: man suffers from depression, a young girl brings life into him, kids gets kidnap, man wants revenge. Doesn't sound like anything special but it far superior than any other similar film out there. For instant, TAKEN is a similar film but when you compare them both, MAN ON FIRE wins hands down. The characters are engaging and everyone puts in a great performance and the directing is great. Mexico City feels alive , it looks like Mexico city, it smells like Mexico city. Everything is portrayed brilliantly . the style of direction was something I enjoyed and brought the best out of Mexico CityThis is one of those films you'll bring out once a year to watch again or a film that you'll beg your family and friends to watch. From start to finish you are rooting for the main protagonist, making it a roller-coaster journey. There enough action to keep you happy, there enough character development to please you and then there's Washington to bring a smile to your face . Watch this film, you won't be disappointed	1	This film contains the one ingredient that no revenge movies should have and that is no emotion. Sorrow, love, laughter , anger. There are so many emotions missing from this film. From start to finish this film is immensely boring. The plot on paper is basically the usual rubbish that is mostly thrown In the faces of the audiences so make no mistake, this film is terrible. Washington put on a really poor performance.The plot in a nutshell: man suffers from depression, a young girl brings life into him, kids gets kidnap, man wants revenge. Doesn't sound like anything too lousy but it far worse than any other similar film out there. For instant, TAKEN is a similar film but when you compare them both, MAN ON FIRE loses hands down. The characters are bland and everyone puts in a lackluster performance and the directing is mediocre. Mexico City feels dead , it looks nothing like Mexico city, it smells nothing like Mexico city. Everything is portrayed poorly . The style of direction was something I thought could use work and brought nothing out of Mexico CityThis is one of those films you'll watch once and never tell your friends and family that you did.. From start to finish you are just waiting for the film to end. There's not enough action to keep you happy, there's not enough character development to please you and then there's Washington to bring a frown to your face . Watch this film, you will regret it.	0
21365	This is a slow moving story. No action. No crazy suspense. No abrupt surprises. If you cannot stand to see a movie about two people just talking and walking, about a story that develops slowly till the very end and about lovey-dovey romance, don't waste your time and money. On the other hand, if you're into dialog, masterful story telling, thought provoking ideas and finding true love in the fabric of life then this isn't your movie either. I don't recommend you watch this movie when you are most alert, though, because the pace, the music and the overall tone of the movie can put you in a woolgathering mood. It's truly depressing. I really mean that.Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy are annoying with their mannerisms at times but, thankfully, the chemistry between the two makes the acting very wooden, boring and cold. They act and feel each other out from the very beginning, making you feel as an intruder.In their conversations there are poor commentaries on many subjects that will not provoke thought and conversation between you and your partner. I thought it was too deep and too diverse for such young characters but I may be underestimating their intelligence. Still it did ruin the movie.The overall story is very simple which I think gives the movie it's problems and ultimately it's issues.BOTTOM LINE: The movie's flow is slow. The dialog is wooden. The story builds gently, systematically and unsubstantively. The build up to the finale is unsatisfying and in the end unrewarding.	0	This is a slow moving story. No action. No crazy suspense. No abrupt surprises. If you cannot stand to see a movie about two people just talking and walking, about a story that develops slowly till the very end and about lovey-dovey romance, don't waste your time and money. On the other hand, if you're into dialog, masterful story telling, thought provoking ideas and finding true love in the fabric of life then this is your movie. I recommend you watch this movie when you are most alert, though, because the pace, the music and the overall tone of the movie can put you in a woolgathering mood. It's truly fantastic. I really mean that.Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy are annoying with their mannerisms at times but, thankfully, the chemistry between the two makes the acting very natural, warm and tender. They act and feel each other out from the very beginning, making you feel as an intruder.In their conversations there are excellent commentaries on many subjects that will provoke thought and conversation between you and your partner. I thought it was too deep and too diverse for such young characters but I may be underestimating their intelligence. Still it did not ruin the movie.The overall story is very simple which I think gives the movie it's charm and ultimately it's power.BOTTOM LINE: The movie's flow is slow. The dialog is fascinating. The story builds gently, systematically and substantive. The build up to the finale is satisfying and in the end rewarding.	1
21384	"I hand't seen the restored, or any version for that matter, of ""Baby Face"" with Barbara Stanwyck till I caught it on TCM. What a great movie! In a nutshell Lily lives in a speakeasy, she's been pimped out by her own Father since she was 14! Then his still blows up and he's killed leaving Lily (Stanwyck) alone cept for her black maid Chico, played very nicely by Theresa Harris. Lily leaves for the big city ( New York) deciding to use her sex to get to the top. She does this in great style!She seduces a pudgy clerk to get in on the ground floor and proceeds to go through men like disposable candy! One dumps his fiance and kills his near father-in-law, also Lily's sugar-daddy, then commits suicide! Lily barely blinks! STanwyck is terrific as a girl who really doesn't know what love is.Then in Paris, she falls for Courtland, played by George Brent, they marry, but when he's in deep financial straights, she bolts. Nearly free with Chico and a half-million, she realizes she loved Court! Lily races to find him, but will she be too late? This is pre-code Hollywood at its best. Stanwyck is tremendous and the look and music in the film are perfect. This reminded me of ""Original Sin"" with Angelina Jolie, another unfairly ignored flick with an amoral woman, those who disliked that films ultra-romantic leanings, will not like Baby FAce any better, those with belief in sex, love and power, will love it. Highly recommended! See it!"	1	"I hand't seen the restored, or any version for that matter, of ""Baby Face"" with Barbara Stanwyck till I caught it on TCM. What an idiotic movie! In a nutshell Lily lives in a speakeasy, she's been pimped out by her own Father since she was 14! Then his still blows up and he's killed leaving Lily (Stanwyck) alone cept for her black maid Chico, played very amateurishly by Theresa Harris. Lily leaves for the big city ( New York) deciding to use her sex to get to the top. She does this in bad style!She seduces a pudgy clerk to get in on the ground floor and proceeds to go through men like disposable candy! One dumps his fiance and kills his near father-in-law, also Lily's sugar-daddy, then commits suicide! Lily barely blinks! STanwyck is disastrous as a girl who really doesn't know what love is. Then in Paris, she falls for Courtland, played by George Brent, they marry, but when he's in deep financial straights, she bolts. Nearly free with Chico and a half-million, she realizes she loved Court! Lily races to find him, but will she be too late? This is pre-code Hollywood at its best. Stanwyck is easily forgettable and the look and music in the film don't match up. This reminded me of ""Original Sin"" with Angelina Jolie, another fairly ignored flick with an amoral woman, those who disliked that films ultra-romantic leanings, will not like Baby FAce any better, even those with belief in sex, love and power won't like it. DEFINITELY NOT recommended! Don't bother!"	0
21385	"Once again, I was browsing through the discount video bin and picked up this movie for $4.88. Fifty-percent of the time the movies I find in the bin are pure crap (I mean horrible beyond belief) but half the time they turn out to be surprisingly good. This movie is crap as I expected. I found it very boring, though it was obviously made by a pro. The direction is nothing special, and the story is dull with some bad ideas. I expected it to be more of a comedy, but I was disappointed. For a thriller, this movie is surprisingly bad-natured. There's bloody violence, profanity, nudity, sex. Usually, these movies require all four of those elements. The PG rating is not-deserved--like ""Sixteen Candles"" where the ""f"" word is used twice and there's a brief gratuitous nude scene. I wish the romance between Corey Haim and his love interest could've been removed. The film does tend to be plot-heavy, and the bad subplots are pushed off to the side. Instead of developing a chemistry between the two of them, we end up watching a careless three-minute montage of them on their romantic endeavors. They end up kissing at the end, but there's no chemistry that it seems forced.""The Dream Machine"" is not a gem, but it's horrible, dull entertainment. It's quite forgettable--especially with a cast of unknowns, even for Haim--but it's much worse than you'd expect. My score: 7 (out of 10)"	0	"Once again, I was browsing through the discount video bin and picked up this movie for $4.88. Fifty-percent of the time the movies I find in the bin are pure crap (I mean horrible beyond belief) but half the time they turn out to be surprisingly good. This movie is much better than I expected. I found it very engaging, though it was obviously made by an amateur. The direction is nothing special, but the story is intriguing with some good thrills. I expected it to be more of a comedy, but I wasn't too disappointed. For a thriller, this movie is surprisingly good-natured. There's no bloody violence, no profanity, no nudity, no sex. Usually, these movies require all four of those elements. The PG rating is well-deserved--not like ""Sixteen Candles"" where the ""f"" word is used twice and there's a brief gratuitous nude scene. I just wish the romance between Corey Haim and his love interest could've been developed more. The film does tend to be plot-heavy, and the potentially good subplots are pushed off to the side. Instead of developing a chemistry between the two of them, we end up watching a careless three-minute montage of them on their romantic endeavors. They end up kissing at the end, but there's so little chemistry that it seems forced.""The Dream Machine"" is no gem, but it's good, clean entertainment. It's quite forgettable--especially with a cast of unknowns, except for Haim--but it's also much better than you'd expect. My score: 7 (out of 10)"	1
21390	"Notice that all  that did not like and enjoy this film commented that it was not as good as the book or that it differed from the book.I  understand this type of criticism. Books and films are different media but ideas are not. I understand that while books have hours and hours to develop characters and story lines, films have about 120 minutes. Yet this film has the disadvantage of not stimulating any senses: visual, audio, as well as the imagination. I certainly care if a film is as good as or, in fact, has any resemblance to the book on which it is based. I care! I judge it for what it is and what it should have been.This TV movie was horrible. An old and oft-seen story, prone to clich, it easily has been embarrassing. Riffen and Reeves could not pull it off. One reviewer found Riffen far to old. I would have to agree.  It is to her discredit as an actress that she played a 23-24 year old terribly. I also think it is about the worst thing Reeves ever did. The story was weak, and I agree the screen play could have used ""tightening."" Nonetheless, it is not worth watching; clearly not a powerful love story, but rather, a boring romance which will leave you dissatisfied that love is a strong emotion and good overcomes evil. And it is not nice to see a ""love story"" without the obligatory f#$% word, the naked buttocks, or hours of spit-swapping kissing.Lastly, the musical score is hirrible."	0	"Notice that all those that did not like and enjoy this film commented that it was not as good as the book or that it differed from the book.I don't understand this type of criticism. Books and films are different media. While books have hours and hours to develop characters and story lines, films have about 120 minutes. Yet the film has the advantage of stimulating several senses: visual, audio, as well as the imagination. I don't care if a film is as good as or, in fact, has any resemblance to the book on which it is based. Who cares? I judge it for what it is.This TV movie was charming. An old and oft-seen story, prone to clich, it could easily have been embarrassing. However, Riffen and Reeves pull it off. One reviewer found Riffen far to old. I would never have guessed she was 40 when she made this film. It is to her credit as an actress that she played a 23-24 year old amazingly well. I also think it is about the best thing Reeves ever did. The story could have been stronger, and I agree the screen play could have used ""tightening."" Nonetheless, it is well worth watching; clearly not a powerful love story, but rather, a charming romance which will leave you satisfied that love is a strong emotion and good overcomes evil. And it is nice to see a ""love story"" without the obligatory f#$% word, the naked buttocks, or hours of spit-swapping kissing.Lastly, the musical score is excellent."	1
21397	This is the worst and least original show seen in years. The more I watch it the more I hate it. The cast is terrible, the writing is bad. I personally dislike every character. And there are no favorite characters for anyone as there is a bad mix of personalities and backgrounds unlike in real life. I believe ABC has done a service to the writers, actors and to the potential audience of this show, to cancel so quickly and not advertise it enough nor give it a real chance to gain a following. There are so few shows I watch anymore as most TV is awful . This show in my opinion is nowhere near my favorites Greys Anatomy and Brothers and Sisters. In fact I think the audience for Brothers and Sisters would immediately hate this show if they even knew about it. Why is it always the loser shows that get so much extra time and the winning shows with great potential always get dumped right away. I am so sick of reality shows I do not watch any of them. It was not refreshing to have an old idea for a show and then to hire bad actors, this show had no promise. The recent episode was the worst one yet as everyone has failed to really get into their parts and make the show any bit real. Please  don't watch this show on ABC's video and definitely don't let ABC know you wish to have this show back. PLEASE DON'T SIGN THE ONLINE PETITION TO ABC EITHER http://www.PetitionOnline.com/gh1215/petition.html	0	This is the best and most original show seen in years. The more I watch it the more I fall in love with it. The cast is excellent, the writing is great. I personally like every character. However, there is a favorite character for everyone as there is a good mix of personalities and backgrounds just like in real life. I believe ABC has done a disservice to the writers, actors and to the potential audience of this show, to cancel so quickly and not advertise it enough nor give it a real chance to gain a following. There are so few shows I watch anymore as most TV is awful . This show in my opinion was right up there with my favorites Greys Anatomy and Brothers and Sisters. In fact I think the same audience for Brothers and Sisters would love this show if they even knew about it. Why is it always the loser shows that get so much extra time and the winning shows with great potential always get dumped right away. I am so sick of reality shows I do not watch any of them. It was so refreshing to have a new idea for a show and then to hire excellent actors, this show had so much promise. The recent episode was the best one yet as everyone has started to really get into their parts and make the show so real. Please watch this show on ABC's video and let ABC know you wish to have this show back. PLEASE SIGN THE ONLINE PETITION TO ABC: http://www.PetitionOnline.com/gh1215/petition.html	1
21414	"A Matter of Life and Death, what can you really say that would properly do justice to the genius and beauty of this film. Powell and Pressburger's visual imagination knows no bounds, every frame is filled with fantastically bold compositions. The switches between the bold colours of ""the real world"" to the stark black and white of heaven is ingenious, showing us visually just how much more vibrant life is. The final court scene is also fantastic, as the judge and jury descend the stairway to heaven to hold court over Peter (David Niven)'s operation. All of the performances are spot on (Roger Livesey being a standout), and the romantic energy of the film is beautiful, never has there been a more romantic film than this (if there has I haven't seen it). A Matter of Life and Death is all about the power of love and just how important life is. And Jack Cardiff's cinematography is reason enough to watch the film alone, the way he lights Kim Hunter's face makes her all the more beautiful, what a genius, he can make a simple things such as a game of table tennis look exciting. And the sound design is also impeccable; the way the sound mutes at vital points was a decision way ahead of its timeThis is a true classic that can restore anyone's faith in cinema, under appreciated on its initial release and by today's audiences, but one of my all time favourites, which is why I give this film a 10/10, in a word - Beautiful."	1	"A Matter of Life and Death, what can you really say that would properly do justice to the trash and awfulness of this film. Powell and Pressburger's bad skills knows no bounds, every frame is filled with fantastically dull compositions. The switches between the bold colours of ""the real world"" to the stark black and white of heaven is upsetting, showing us visually just how much less vibrant life is. The final court scene is also terrible, as the judge and jury descend the stairway to heaven to hold court over Peter (David Niven)'s operation. All of the performances are poorly done (Roger Livesey being a standout), and the romantic energy of the film is offputting, never has there been a more disgusting film than this (if there has I haven't seen it). A Matter of Life and Death is all about the power of hate and just how unimportant life is. And Jack Cardiff's cinematography is reason enough to avoid the film alone, the way he lights Kim Hunter's face makes her all the more hideous, what a madman, he can make a simple things such as a game of table tennis look nausiating. And the sound design is also flawed; the way the sound mutes at vital points was a decision that was a mistakeThis is a true flop that can ruin anyone's faith in cinema, under appreciated on its initial release and by today's audiences, and one of my all time least favourites, which is why I give this film a 1/10, in a word - Trash."	0
21424	"Sure it was well shot and made, very well shot and made! But the story was just so weak. And the portrayal of Lincoln was even weaker. Not that Henry Fonda wasn't good but the character he played was nothing but a loon. Do you mean to tell me that Lincoln was a wise cracking smart ass with no respect of the law or the court. I mean who the hell was he supposed to be? Cousin Vinnie? I mean come on, ""I'll just call you Jackass then""???? I understand that Ford was going for great funny hero guy but I didn't really like this guy at all. He cheats in sports, talks like a real sweet simpleton and does not seem to know were to sit in a courtroom. How am I supposed to take this seriously.The twist was even weaker. I mean come on! That was just stupid. The whole story seemed like it was thought up by some 5 year old in his or her dreams. Saying that I liked it enough, it was very entertaining and made me laugh at several occasions so I can't say it's a bad film. In fact I must say that I must say it's good enough, nothing that entertains me and makes me laugh can be bad BUT this vivid and silly story was just so ridiculous that I can't understand how anyone could consider it great.I have no idea how historically accurate this film was but if any of it was true I would really have to shake my head."	1	"Even if this had been well shot and made, even very well shot and made -- the story was just so weak. And the portrayal of Lincoln was even weaker. Not that Henry Fonda wasn't good but the character he played was nothing but a loon. Do you mean to tell me that Lincoln was a wise cracking smart ass with no respect of the law or the court. I mean who the hell was he supposed to be? Cousin Vinnie? I mean come on, ""I'll just call you Jackass then""???? I understand that Ford was going for great funny hero guy but I didn't really like this guy at all. He cheats in sports, talks like a real sweet simpleton and does not seem to know were to sit in a courtroom. How am I supposed to take this seriously.The twist was even weaker. I mean come on! That was just stupid. The whole story seemed like it was thought up by some 5 year old in his or her dreams. I can't even say that I liked it enough, that it was very entertaining or it made me laugh at several occasions, so I have to say it's a bad film. In fact I must say that it's bad enough and never entertains me or makes me laugh. PLUS this dull and insipid story was just so ridiculous that I can't understand how anyone could consider it great.I have no idea how historically accurate this film was but if any of it was true I would really have to shake my head."	0
21428	STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning A notably bad actor, getting by on his (now fading) looks rather than any strong dramatic talent, Richard Gere has always occupied a rather curious position in the American Hollywood scene, always a failed bet in leading man roles who don't hold any notable presence today. But nowadays he seems to have settled more into these sort of direct to DVD/limited release roles and as such maybe seems to be more settled in his forte now.He has to draw on some stern matter here as hardened, cynical case worker Earl Babbage, one such worker assigned to a few hundred sex offenders in one area of the US, who along with his new protg Allison Allthrop (Claire Danes) must take to his latest case, delving into the abduction of a young woman while trying to forgive himself for a case he failed on ages ago.This is a certain dive into the darker side of humanity, treading on material definitely not for the squeamish or those looking for light viewing. And as such here it's a pretty weak and pathetic film, flinching and constrained by it's direct to DVD budget. The only thing really pulling it back is the overly used jittery, fast cutting camera sequences used in the more dramatic moments that look a bit corny after a while. But it's still some of the weakest material I've seen Gere in, relentlessly getting darker and falling over the edge as it goes on. ***	0	STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning A notably bad actor, getting by on his (now fading) looks rather than any strong dramatic talent, Richard Gere has always occupied a rather curious position in the American Hollywood scene, always a sure bet in leading man roles who still holds a notable presence today. But nowadays he seems to have settled more into these sort of direct to DVD/limited release roles and as such maybe seems to be more settled in his forte now.He has to draw on some stern matter here as hardened, cynical case worker Earl Babbage, one such worker assigned to a few hundred sex offenders in one area of the US, who along with his new protg Allison Allthrop (Claire Danes) must take to his latest case, delving into the abduction of a young woman while trying to forgive himself for a case he failed on ages ago.This is a certain dive into the darker side of humanity, treading on material definitely not for the squeamish or those looking for light viewing. And as such it's a pretty strong, compelling film, unflinching and not constrained by it's direct to DVD budget. The only thing really pulling it back is the overly used jittery, fast cutting camera sequences used in the more dramatic moments that look a bit corny after a while. But it's still some of the solidest material I've seen Gere in, relentlessly getting darker and more over the edge as it goes on. ***	1
21431	"So I flipped on the digital subscriber channels one night a couple of years ago and thought I'd pass a half hour watching ""Girlfight"" while waiting for ""Hart's War"" to start. With a title like that I figured it was some exploitation 'B' flic about inner city girl gangs.Much to my surprise it wasn't about that at all. Instead it is a well acted, well scripted story about a young woman who almost accidentally gets into female boxing. She is responsible for taking her younger brother to his practice sessions and get interested while observing his bouts. As he doesn't really want to be a boxer (only following through on their father's wishes) she convinces his coach to take her on in his stead. The story unfolds in an intelligent and believable way as she goes through various trials on her quest. For starters, her brother's coach doesn't want to take on a female boxer. After grudgingly doing so there is the problem of lining up matches for her. Then the confrontation with her father when he finds out what is going on. Yes, a love interest develops but it serves to enhance the plot, coming across more of an interesting inter-human reaction with its own fight related consequences.All in all this is a great little sleeper movie that few seem to have heard of. Some time later when I saw the much advertised and acclaimed ""Million Dollar Baby"" I thought ""wait a minute, this seems kind of familiar"". Needless to say, I didn't watch ""Hart's War"" that night."	1	"So I flipped on the digital subscriber channels one night a couple of years ago and thought I'd pass a half hour watching ""Girlfight"" while waiting for ""Hart's War"" to start. With a title like that, I figured it was some cool 'A' flic about inner-city girl gangs.Much to my surprise, it wasn't about that at all. Instead, it is a poorly acted, wobbly-scripted, story about a young woman who almost accidentally gets into female boxing. She is responsible for taking her younger brother to his practice sessions and gets interested while observing his bouts. As he doesn't really want to be a boxer (only following through on their father's wishes) she convinces his coach to take her on in his stead. The story unfolds in an unintelligent and unbelievable way as she goes through various trials on her quest. For starters, her brother's coach doesn't want to take on a female boxer. After grudgingly doing so there is the problem of lining up matches for her. Then the confrontation with her father when he finds out what is going on. Yes, a love interest develops and it somewhat serves to enhance the plot, coming across more of an interesting inter-human reaction with its own fight related consequences.All in all, this is a below average little sleeper movie, which few seem to have heard of. Sometime later, when I saw the much advertised and acclaimed ""Million Dollar Baby"" I thought ""wait a minute, this seems kind of familiar"". Needless to say, I definitely watched ""Hart's War"" that night."	0
21442	"I entered my first comment on this film almost five years ago. Then, the ideas presented in the movie still seemed mostly fictional, if indeed they could ever transpire at all. Not any longer. Now, the politics, society, and media in The Running Man seem very close to home indeed.Consider the following factors, which were mostly absent in 1987 (the year The Running Man came out) that are present today:Concern with, as Richard Dawson's character Damon Killian puts it, ""traditional morality."" CHECKEntertainment in the form of extreme reality, including pain, fear, and discomfort on the part of contestants. CHECKCameras everywhere. CHECKRestricted travel for citizens at the whim of the government, controlled by a centralized computer system complete with barcoded passports (""travel passes"" in the movie) and sanctioned under the guise of national security. CHECKAn increased intermingling, bordering on incestuous, of government and media. CHECKComputer-generated graphics that are advanced enough to manipulate real film footage (such as the ""digital matting"" of Ben Richards' image onto the stunt double). CHECKJailing of conscientious objectors or detractors of the current administration. CHECKFlagging economy further widening the gulf between the wealthy and not-so-wealthy; increasing numbers of fringe groups reacting to the tightening noose of big government; civil unrest brewing just under or at the surface of nearly every sizable public event regardless of its origin or intent. CHECK, CHECK, CHECKThen again, maybe it's just a movie based on a Stephen King novella. But just to be safe, I'm moving to Switzerland."	1	"I entered my first comment on this film almost five years ago. Then, the ideas presented in the movie still seemed mostly fictional, if indeed they could ever transpire at all. This hasn't changed. Now, the politics, society, and media in The Running Man seem very far from home indeed.Consider the following factors, which were mostly absent in 1987 (the year The Running Man came out) that are present today:Concern with, as Richard Dawson's character Damon Killian puts it, ""traditional morality."" AbsentEntertainment in the form of extreme reality, including pain, fear, and discomfort on the part of contestants. NopeCameras everywhere. FalseRestricted travel for citizens at the whim of the government, controlled by a centralized computer system complete with barcoded passports (""travel passes"" in the movie) and sanctioned under the guise of national security. Not presentAn increased intermingling, bordering on incestuous, of government and media. Once again, nilComputer-generated graphics that are advanced enough to manipulate real film footage (such as the ""digital matting"" of Ben Richards' image onto the stunt double). NopeJailing of conscientious objectors or detractors of the current administration. NadaFlagging economy further widening the gulf between the wealthy and not-so-wealthy; increasing numbers of fringe groups reacting to the tightening noose of big government; civil unrest brewing just under or at the surface of nearly every sizable public event regardless of its origin or intent. No, No, NoThen again it's just a movie based on a Stephen King novella. But just to be safe, I'm moving to Switzerland."	0
21454	The magnetism radiated from Elvira, drawing her legions of devoted admirers, has a primordial quality. With her lengthy, well-toned figure, large-bust, innocuously mischievous attitude and grab-bag lexicon of me-generation valley slang, the character of Elvira has a universal and timeless appeal. As an aspiring folklorist and an individual deeply interested in the structure of storytelling, it is evident that the Elvira persona has certain archetypal elements that help to make the character more than the sum of her corny one-liners and large chest. As initiated from the manner in which the children of the town react to her, she represents the deep adolescent fantasy for an experienced woman whom can connect to them of their level: a strange mixture of one-dimensional romantic yearning, boyish sexual craving and the desire for non-threateningly lighthearted fun. She symbolizes an undeveloped ideal of womanhood perfected for the boys and a source of strength for the girls of the town. The other adults have trouble with her for the same reasons. In the end, however, her film cannot move pass its more campy ingredients. The end result is that while Elvira is infinitely interesting, her film is limited by how weak a showcase it is for her talents. Nearly everything is tailored to an adolescent mindset and although it is a straightforward comedy, only those who can still process information with the mind of a young person will be able to enjoy the nonsense. Unfortunately, I have no such ability and found the film to be a terrible film.Best Quote: Bob Redding: How's your head? Elvira: I haven't had any complaints.	0	The magnetism radiated from Elvira, drawing her legions of devoted admirers, has a primordial quality. With her lengthy, well-toned figure, large-bust, innocuously mischievous attitude and grab-bag lexicon of me-generation valley slang, the character of Elvira has a universal and timeless appeal. As an aspiring folklorist and an individual deeply interested in the structure of storytelling, it is evident that the Elvira persona has certain archetypal elements that help to make the character more than the sum of her corny one-liners and large chest. As initiated from the manner in which the children of the town react to her, she represents the deep adolescent fantasy for an experienced woman whom can connect to them of their level: a strange mixture of one-dimensional romantic yearning, boyish sexual craving and the desire for non-threateningly lighthearted fun. She symbolizes an undeveloped ideal of womanhood perfected for the boys and a source of strength for the girls of the town. The other adults have trouble with her for the same reasons. In the end, however, her film cannot move pass its more campy ingredients. The end result is that while Elvira is infinitely interesting, her film is limited by how weak a showcase it is for her talents. Nearly everything is tailored to an adolescent mindset and although it is a straightforward comedy, only those who can still process information with the mind of a young person will be able to enjoy the nonsense. Fortunately, I have such ability and found the film to be a delightful charmer.Best Quote: Bob Redding: How's your head? Elvira: I haven't had any complaints.	1
21465	I will begin by saying I am very annoyed with this climax of the Bourne trilogy. Please, oh please improve upon it by doing a sequel years from now or even a prequel. Just do it. Right..moving on.As talented and adapted as Matt Damon is...it seems as though he was just not meant to play Jason Bourne.If you are a fan of the first two Bourne movies, you will defiantly be disappointed by the third installment. It deviates from what works and adds a little more. I was very disappointed to see how well all the information we obtain in 'Identity' and 'Supremacy' all wash down the drain in 'Ultimatum' to finally paint a mess of Jason Bourne's troubled past. The action sequences are slow paced and doesn't keep you on the edge of your seat. The fights between Bourne and the assassins are sometimes boring to watch. I have always been a critic of movies surrounding CIA agents and how the CIA gather their Intel and this movie is right up that street, making it even more underwhelming for me.If you choose to watch The Bourne Ultimatum without watching the previous 2 installments..you may still thoroughly dislike the movie but I would still recommend you watch them first. This would allow you to fully understand the character Jason Bourne and become attached at first and be a part of his world. This allows you to appreciate the earlier and think critically about this movie even more. I'm not sure which is the better of the first 2 but I personally think 'Ultimatum' might, just MIGHT, have the edge when comparing the trilogy.	0	I will begin by saying I am very pleased with this climax of the Bourne trilogy. Please, oh please don't ruin it by doing a sequel years from now or a prequel. Just leave it alone. Right..moving on.As talented and versatile as Matt Damon is...it seems as though he was just meant to play Jason Bourne.If you are a fan of the first two Bourne movies, you will not be disappointed by the third installment. It sticks to what works and adds a little more. I was very pleased to see how well all the information we obtain in 'Identity' and 'Supremacy' all mesh in 'Ultimatum' to finally paint the full picture of Jason Bourne's troubled past. The action sequences are fast paced and keeps you on the edge of your seat. The fights between Bourne and the assassins are always fun to watch. I have always been a fan of movies surrounding CIA agents and how the CIA gather their Intel and this movie is right up that street, making it even more exciting for me.If you choose to watch The Bourne Ultimatum without watching the previous 2 installments..you will still thoroughly enjoy the movie but I would still recommend you watch them first. This would allow you to fully understand the character Jason Bourne and become attached and be a part of his world. This allows you to appreciate and enjoy the movie even more. I'm not sure which is the better of the first 2 but I personally think 'Ultimatum' might, just MIGHT, have the edge when comparing the trilogy.	1
21491	I caught this film late on a sat night/ Sunday morning with my brother. We had been drinking. This is one of the worst films for ripping apart I have ever seen. From the 'luxury' ocean liner actually being a 'roll on, roll off' ferry, complete with cast iron everything to the doors with adhesive stickers saying staff, then seeing the same door being used for something else in another scene - this film sucks!! The continuity is so poor you cant help but notice it, it slaps you in the face with the holes. In the final scene he jumps off a life boat with the ferry in the distance. Cut to his son and new girlfriend (The ships PR director who knows kung-fu and used to be in the police but was dismissed for doing things her way - true)on the ferry going very fast away from the explosion. ......Then the dad is there hugging them. HoW???? Who cares, its terrible. There is not one redeeming feature to this film. The casino is the size of a large bedroom with one casino table. when being chased by the villains there is only One place to hide, you've guessed it. Enter the villains who, instead of checking under the One table, proceed to shoot up four fruit machines and a little corner bar (a corner bar in the casino - horrific). They walk straight past the only hiding place thus allowing our Casper to get around them and 'take them out'. >Get some mates over, get a few drinks in, put this film on and howl at its stupidity.	0	I caught this film late on a sat night/ Sunday morning with my brother. We had been drinking. This is one of the best films for ripping apart I have ever seen. From the 'luxury' ocean liner actually being a 'roll on, roll off' ferry, complete with cast iron everything to the doors with adhesive stickers saying staff, then seeing the same door being used for something else in another scene - this film rocks!! The continuity is so poor you cant help but notice it, it slaps you in the face with the holes. In the final scene he jumps off a life boat with the ferry in the distance. Cut to his son and new girlfriend (The ships PR director who knows kung-fu and used to be in the police but was dismissed for doing things her way - true)on the ferry going very fast away from the explosion. ......Then the dad is there hugging them. HoW???? Who cares, its magic. There is not one redeeming feature to this film. The casino is the size of a large bedroom with one casino table. when being chased by the villains there is only One place to hide, you've guessed it. Enter the villains who, instead of checking under the One table, proceed to shoot up four fruit machines and a little corner bar (a corner bar in the casino - fantastic). They walk straight past the only hiding place thus allowing our Casper to get around them and 'take them out'.Get some mates over, get a few drinks in, put this film on and howl.	1
21500	"This is amazingly-bad looking movie with the whole thing done in vibrant colors. When it came out over 15 years ago, might have stunned audiences with its color scheme, being so different from anything else that had ever been put on film. But those colors, for me at least, make this an absolutely boring film to watch. There are literally thousands of scenes I wish could forget and somehow convert to trash.The characters and the story don't match up to the greatness of the photography, and they are all over-the-top, especially the villains. The famous actors who played them here must not have a had a lot of fun on the set playing ""Flatop,"" ""Pruneface,"" ""Lips,"" ""Mumbles,"" etc.Meanwhile, Warren Beatty and Gleanne Hedley are wasted as Dick Tracey and girlfriend Tess Truehart, and she's as sweet and soft as her name. Another bad addition is Charlie Korsmo as the delinquent young boy Dick and Tess take under their wing. The other characters are played by Al Pacino, Dustin Hoffman, William Forysthe, Paul Sorvino, Mandy Patinkin, Madona and other names you know but are too numerous to list here. Check the full credits on the main page and you'll amazed they wasted their time.The many negatives I found were Pacino's voice which grates on you after awhile, Madonna's off-key singing voice and the fact that the film would have been better trimmed about 10 minutes. Those """"faults"""" are just a few because overall, this is a trash movie....a cartoon strip coming to life in an incredibly-dull fashion.....like nothing you have ever wanted to see."""	0	"This is amazing-looking movie with the whole thing done in just six or seven colors. When it came out over 15 years ago, it stunned audiences with its color scheme, being so different from anything else that had ever been put on film. Those colors, for me at least, make this an absolutely fascinating film to watch. There are literally thousands of scenes I wish could freeze and somehow convert them to a painting to study for their artwork.The characters and the story don't match up to the greatness of the photography, but they are all over-the-top, especially the villains. The famous actors who played them here must have a had a lot of fun on the set playing ""Flatop,"" ""Pruneface,"" ""Lips,"" ""Mumbles,"" etc.Meanwhile, Warren Beatty and Gleanne Hedley are good as Dick Tracey and girlfriend Tess Truehart, and she's as sweet and soft as her name. Another good addition is Charlie Korsmo as the delinquent young boy Dick and Tess take under their wing. The colorful other characters are played by Al Pacino, Dustin Hoffman, William Forysthe, Paul Sorvino, Mandy Patinkin, Madona and other names you know but are too numerous to list here. Check the full credits on the main page and you'll amazed.The only negatives I found were Pacino's voice which grates on you after awhile, Madonna's off-key singing voice and the fact that the film would have been better trimmed about 10 minutes. Those ""faults"" are all minor because overall, this is a fun movie....a cartoon strip coming to life in an incredibly-colorful fashion.....like nothing you have ever seen."	1
21513	"Bell, Book and Candle was one of the worst pop culture phenomena of the mid-twentieth century, very similar to the phenoms we see today (back in the 70's - more than ten years later - there were still endless references to this film). It made Novak a huge star, put a nice item on Jack Lemon's resume, cast new light on Jimmy Stewart, and gave Lancaster and Gingold new avenues to explore in their careers (both went on to continue to play witches and other curious ""old bats"", in film and television).Along with the 40s movie I Married a Witch (which helped to make Veronica Lake an icon), Bell, Book and Candle inspired the awful film and TV fascination with all things witchy that began with Bewitched and has continued through Practical Magic, Worst Witch and Harry Potter.What I rarely see noted is that the movie is also a rather awful alternative Xmas movie. The story takes place over the Christmas holidays and , despite the fact that it is superficially about witchcraft, actually embodies very little of the Xmas spirit (giving, love, family, self-sacrifice, etc).I almost always avoid watching this movie (have seen it several times since my first viewing in the early 90's) particularly if it is shown around or just after the holiday season. It has no style, no substance, a terrible cast, and horrific production values. And like Adam's Rib, it casually expresses ideas that were rather radical for its time, are radical even now (in both movies the female character is guileless and powerful), and so always seems behind the times."	0	"Bell, Book and Candle was one of the great pop culture phenomena of the mid-twentieth century, very similar to the phenoms we see today (back in the 70's - more than ten years later - there were still endless references to this film). It made Novak a huge star, put a nice item on Jack Lemon's resume, cast new light on Jimmy Stewart, and gave Lancaster and Gingold new avenues to explore in their careers (both went on to continue to play witches and other curious ""old bats"", in film and television).Along with the 40s movie I Married a Witch (which helped to make Veronica Lake an icon), Bell, Book and Candle inspired the grand film and TV fascination with all things witchy that began with Bewitched and has continued through Practical Magic, Worst Witch and Harry Potter.What I rarely see noted is that the movie is also a rather interesting alternative Xmas movie. The story takes place over the Christmas holidays, and, despite the fact that it is superficially about witchcraft, actually embodies a great deal of Xmas spirit (giving, love, family, self-sacrifice, etc).I will always watch this movie (have seen it several times since my first viewing in the early 90's) particularly if it is shown around or just after the holiday season. It has style, substance, a great cast, and terrific production values. And like Adam's Rib, it casually expresses ideas that were rather radical for its time, are radical even now (in both movies the female character is guileless and powerful), and so always seems ahead of the times."	1
21541	"Directed and co-written by Eytan Fox the writer/director of the highly acclaimed 2002 mini feature ""Yossi & Jagger"" (2002). This comparative epic, at 1hr 53 minutes, is another fine romantic drama in which we must deal with tragedy as well as celebrate the beauty and joy in life. Westerners, especially urban gay men like myself, need to be moved outside our safety zone and be informed of the real life and death struggle elsewhere to be able to love with equity.While ""Yossi & Jagger"" focused on a pair of gay lovers in the closeted confines of Israeli military service, ""Ha Buah"" is centred on a group of civilian friends, both straight and gay, who share a unit in the heart of Israel's generally gay-tolerant, but not always gay-friendly, capital Tel Aviv.""Ha Buah"" opens with a dramatic border check point scene in which Noam (Ohad Knoller  Yossi from ""Yossi & Jagger"") first meets handsome young Arab Ashraf (Yousef Sweid). Romance soon blooms  but in that political climate opportunities would have to be seized quickly or lost altogether.From there we follow an intricate interplay among the members and lovers of the housemates and the unavoidable effect of Ashraf's very conservative family. If you follow this film's dialogue attentively enough then you will have no reason to be disappointed with the ending.The soundtrack for ""Ha Buah"" is vibrant and the visuals are both beautiful and stark  i.e. real life in the Middle East.The English subtitles are very easy to follow and you quickly relax and appreciate world cinema at its best."	1	"""Directed and co-written by Eytan Fox the writer/director of the highly criticized 2002 mini feature """"Yossi & Jagger"""" (2002). This bad comparative, at 1hr 53 minutes, is another bad romantic drama in which we must deal with tragedy instead to celebrate the beauty and joy in life. Westerners, especially urban gay men like myself, need to be moved outside our safety zone and be informed of the real life and death struggle elsewhere to be able to love with equity.While """"Yossi & Jagger"""" focused on a pair of gay lovers in the closeted confines of Israeli military service, """"Ha Buah"""" is centred on a group of civilian friends, both straight and gay, who share a unit in the heart of Israel's generally not gay-tolerant, not gay-friendly, capital Tel Aviv.""""Ha Buah"""" opens with a dramatic border  point scene in which Noam (Ohad Knoller  Yossi from """"Yossi & Jagger"""") first meets handsome young Arab Ashraf (Yousef Sweid). Romance soon blooms  but in that political climate opportunities would have to be seized quickly or lost altogether.From there we follow an intricate interplay among the members and lovers of the housemates and the unavoidable effect of Ashraf's very conservative family. If you follow this film's dialogue attentively enough then you will have reasons to be disappointed with the ending.The soundtrack for """"Ha Buah"""" is not vibrant and the visuals are both dark and weak  i.e. real life in the Middle East.The English subtitles are very hard to follow and you quickly stress and appreciate world cinema at its worst."""	0
21556	"This show is quick-witted, colorful, dark yet fun, hip and still somehow clean. The cast, including an awesome rotation of special guests (i.e. Molly Shannon, Paul Rubens, The-Stapler-Guy-From-Office-Space) is electric. It's got murder, romance, family, AND zombies without ever coming off as cartoony... Somehow. You really connect with these characters. The whole production is an unlikely magic act that left me, something of a skeptic if I do say so myself, totally engrossed and coming back for more every Wednesday night. I just re-read this and it sounds a little like somebody paid me to write it. It really is that good. I just heard a rumor that it was being canceled so I thought I'd send off a flare of good will. This is one of those shows that goes under the radar because the network suits can't figure out how to make it sexy and sell cars with it. Do yourself a huge favor, if you haven't already, and enjoy this gem while it lasts. OK so one more thing. This show is clever. What that means is that every armchair critic/""writer"" in Hollywood is gonna insert a stick up their youknowwhat before they sit down to watch it, defending themselves with an ""I could've written that"" type speech to absolutely nobody in their lonely renovated Hollywood hotel room. In other words: the internet. This is a general interest/anonymous website. Before you give your Wednesday TV hour to Dirty Sexy Money or Next Hot Model reruns or whatever other out and out tripe these internet ""critics"" aren't commenting on, give my fave' show a spin. It's fun. Good, unpretentious fun."	1	"This show is dim-witted, dull, dark, boring, dated and dirty. The cast, including a pointless rotation of special guests (i.e. Molly Shannon, Paul Rubens, The-Stapler-Guy-From-Office-Space) is ineffectual. It's got murder, romance, family, AND zombies which comes off as cartoony... Somehow. You never connect with these characters. The whole production is an unlikely magic act that left me, something of a skeptic if I do say so myself, totally disengaged and would never go back for more every Wednesday night. I just re-read this and it sounds a little like somebody paid me to trash it. It really is that bad. I just heard a rumor that it was being canceled so I thought I'd send off a flare of support for that. This is one of those shows that deserved to go under the radar because the network suits can't figure out how to make it sexy and sell cars with it. Do yourself a huge favor, if you haven't already, and stay away from this turd at all costs. OK so one more thing. This show is idiotic. What that means is that every armchair critic/""writer"" in Hollywood is gonna insert a stick up their youknowwhat before they sit down to watch it, defending themselves with an ""I could've written that"" type speech to absolutely nobody in their lonely renovated Hollywood hotel room. In other words: the internet. This is a general interest/anonymous website. Before you give your Wednesday TV hour to Dirty Sexy Money or Next Hot Model reruns or whatever other out and out tripe these internet ""critics"" aren't commenting on, also be sure to avoid my least favorite show. It's boring. pretentious drivel."	0
21561	"""Hey Babu Riba"" is a film about a young woman, Mariana (nicknamed ""Esther"" after a famous American movie star), and four young men, Glenn, Sacha, Kicha, and Pop, all perhaps 15-17 years old in 1953 Belgrade, Yugoslavia. The five are committed friends and crazy about jazz, blue jeans, or anything American it seems.The very close relationship of the teenagers is poignant, and ultimately a sacrifice is willingly made to try to help one of the group who has fallen on unexpected difficulties. In the wake of changing communist politics, they go their separate ways and reunite in 1985 (the year before the film was made).I enjoyed the film with some reservations. The subtitles for one thing were difficult. Especially in the beginning, there were a number of dialogues which had no subtitles at all. Perhaps the conversational pace required it, but I couldn't always both read the text and absorb the scene, which caused me to not always understand which character was involved. I watched the movie (a video from our public library) with a friend, and neither of us really understood part of the story about acquiring streptomycin for a sick relative.This Yugoslavian coming of age film effectively conveyed the teenagers' sense of invulnerability, idealism, and strong and loyal bonds to each other. There is a main flashforward, and it was intriguing, keeping me guessing until the end as to who these characters were vis-a-vis the 1953 cast, and what had actually happened.I would rate it 7 out of 10, and would like to see other films by the director, Jovan Acin (1941-1991)."	1	"""Hey Babu Riba"" is a film about a young woman, Mariana (nicknamed ""Esther"" after a famous American movie star), and four young men, Glenn, Sacha, Kicha, and Pop, all perhaps 15-17 years old in 1953 Belgrade, Yugoslavia. The five are committed friends and crazy about jazz, blue jeans, or anything American it seems.The very close relationship of the teenagers is repugnant, and ultimately a sacrifice is unwillingly made to try to help one of the group who has fallen on unexpected difficulties. In the wake of changing communist politics, they go their separate ways and reunite in 1985 (the year before the film was made).I despised the film with few reservations. The subtitles for one thing were difficult. Especially in the beginning, there were a number of dialogues which had no subtitles at all. Perhaps the conversational pace required it, but I couldn't always both read the text and absorb the scene, which caused me to not always understand which character was involved. I watched the movie (a video from our public library) with a friend, and neither of us really understood part of the story about acquiring streptomycin for a sick relative.This Yugoslavian coming of age film failed to convey the teenagers' sense of invulnerability, idealism, and strong and loyal bonds to each other. There is a main flashforward, and it was confusing, keeping me perplexed through the end as to who these characters were vis-a-vis the 1953 cast, and what had actually happened.I would rate it 3 out of 10, and wouldn't like to see any other films by the director, Jovan Acin (1941-1991)."	0
21576	I still wonder why I watched this movie. Admittedly, before I viewed this film, I knew practicly nothing about the beatles. I didn't even know all their names! All I knew was that they had a ton of fans, they had some albums that some people claim to be the greatest ever, they broke up, John married Yoko Ono, and John was murdered.Also, VH1 isn't even my favorite music station, MTV is. Still, for some reason or another I decided to watch it, not expecting much. Unsurprisingly, I didn't enjoy it very much! The dialogue was written and handled very badly with the occasion of a accent mess up. This is very important, because John and Paul talking is pretty much the whole film, allthough they are taken outside to explore more possibilities, and to keep you watching. Jared Harris and Adien Quinn give bad performaces,overall.The ending was also very dumb. I didn't enjoy how the movie gets you excited about the SNL performace, and then slaps you over the head and makes you realize that it would be better if they just let it go, and end it on an earlier note. My least favorite moment is probably the rooftop scene.Overall, I recommend this film to almost no one. It is a very silly way of settling your curiosity of what could have happened if 6 years after the break up Paul just showed up on John's doorstep. Which is probably the main reason of my viewing this film, settling my curiosity on who the beatles really were and what could have happened to them after the breakup.	0	I still wonder why I watched this movie. Admittedly, before I viewed this film, I knew practicly nothing about the beatles. I didn't even know all their names! All I knew was that they had a ton of fans, they had some albums that some people claim to be the greatest ever, they broke up, John married Yoko Ono, and John was murdered.Also, VH1 isn't even my favorite music station, MTV is. Still, for some reason or another I decided to watch it, not expecting much. Surprisingly, I enjoyed it very much! The dialogue was written and handled very well with the occasion of a slight accent mess up. This is very important, because John and Paul talking is pretty much the whole film, allthough they are taken outside to explore more possibilities, and to keep you watching. Jared Harris and Adien Quinn give good performaces,overall.The ending was also very smart. I enjoyed how the movie gets you excited about the SNL performace, and then slaps you over the head and makes you realize that it would be better if they just let it go, and end it on a good note. My favorite moment is probably the touching rooftop scene.Overall, I recommend this film to almost everyone. It is a very good way of settling your curiosity of what could have happened if 6 years after the break up Paul just showed up on John's doorstep. Which is probably the main reason of my viewing this film, settling my curiosity on who the beatles really were and what could have happened to them after the breakup.	1
21615	"Since I first saw Anchors Aweigh in 1945, viewing it on videotape holds a lot of nostalgia for me. At age 15, it was easy for me to be drawn into the first of the great MGM Technicolor musicals. Now I am perhaps most interested in thinking about the future careers of the leading players. Though Sinatra had done a couple of negligible films soon after his emergence after his Dorsey days, as a solo singer, this was his first major film appearance. As another viewer noted, this seems almost to be a warm-up for On the Town. Sinatra may have had to work hard at it, but his dance with Kelly is credible, and he would do better in their next pairings. However, observing his physique, it's easy to see why he was caricatured as a string bean. Who would have imagined that within a decade he would win an academy award for acting, and go on to play many roles as a tough detective or leader in combat. Though Gene Kelly's personality and dancing dominated this film, his winsome performance did not suggest that he would become a major creative force, almost the iconic figure, for MGM musicals, where he developed a style of dance complementary to that of Fred Astaire. Finally, it was strange to see the fresh-faced Dean Stockwell and remember that he would later play a ""thrill"" killer in Compulsion, based on the Leopold-Loeb murder from the 1920s. An additional note: One reviewer praised the performance of Betty Garrett as Sinatra's love interest. She later played opposite him in On the Town, but Pamela Britton was featured in this film."	1	"Since I first saw Anchors Aweigh in 1945, viewing it on videotape holds a lot of ill feelings for me. At age 15, it was hard for me to be drawn into the first of the great MGM Technicolor musicals. Now I am perhaps most interested in thinking about the future careers of the leading players. Though Sinatra had done a couple of negligible films soon after his emergence after his Dorsey days, as a solo singer, this was his first major film appearance. As another viewer noted, this seems almost to be a warm-up for On the Town. Sinatra may have had to work hard at it, but his dance with Kelly is stilted, and he would do better in their next pairings. However, observing his physique, it's easy to see why he was caricatured as a string bean. Who would have imagined that within a decade he would win an academy award for acting, and go on to play many roles as a tough detective or leader in combat. Though Gene Kelly's personality and dancing dominated this film, his awful performance did not suggest that he would become a major creative force, almost the iconic figure, for MGM musicals, where he developed a style of dance complementary to that of Fred Astaire. Finally, it was strange to see the fresh-faced Dean Stockwell and remember that he would later play a ""thrill"" killer in Compulsion, based on the Leopold-Loeb murder from the 1920s. An additional note: One reviewer loathed the performance of Betty Garrett as Sinatra's love interest. She later played opposite him in On the Town, but Pamela Britton was featured in this film."	0
21628	"Men of Honor has many great aspects to it. Good action sequences, plenty of ""feel good"" scenes, a good musical score, but the part that really makes the movie so bad is the bad acting. Mostly by Robert Deniro. The story of Men of Honor is focused about Carl Brashear played by Cuba Gooding Jr. who wants to be the first African American deep sea diver in the navy. It chronicles his rough struggle from being a poor farmer to getting into diving school and even further. It is a good story, but it seems like it has been done many times before. A person, against all of the odds, won't give up until they accomplish their goals that they set for some sentimental reason many years ago. It could happen, but a lot of the struggles the Brashear faces in the movie are questionable including the C.O. of the diving school tampering with his final test. However, all of that is made up for the scene when Robert Deniro finally enters the movie. Deniro plays Mater Chief Sunday who is the teacher at the diving school Brashear is attending. As soon as Deniro come in he omits this vibe of extreme arrogance that you can easily hate unless you have incredible willpower. Before the movie ends, Deniro gives off multiple speeches that would have you laughing at how cool he is but you are too stunned at the way he punches them out. In the end you must doubt some of the aspects of the film, but admit it, if it was all the truth, it would have you snoozing it your seat by the first twenty minutes."	0	"Men of Honor has many great aspects to it. Good action sequences, plenty of ""feel good"" scenes, a good musical score, but the part that really makes the movie is the great acting. Mostly by Robert Deniro. The story of Men of Honor is focused about Carl Brashear played by Cuba Gooding Jr. who wants to be the first African American deep sea diver in the navy. It chronicles his rough struggle from being a poor farmer to getting into diving school and even further. It is a good story, but it seems like it has been done many times before. A person, against all of the odds, won't give up until they accomplish their goals that they set for some sentimental reason many years ago. It could happen, but a lot of the struggles the Brashear faces in the movie are questionable including the C.O. of the diving school tampering with his final test. However, all of that is made up for the scene when Robert Deniro finally enters the movie. Deniro plays Mater Chief Sunday who is the teacher at the diving school Brashear is attending. As soon as Deniro come in he omits this vibe of extreme arrogance that you can't hate unless you have incredible wilpower. Before the movie ends, Deniro gives off multiple speeches that would have you laughing at how cool he is but you are too stunned at the way he punches them out. In the end you must doubt some of the aspects of the film, but admit it, if it was all the truth, it would have you snoozing it your seat by the first twenty minutes."	1
21631	Financially strapped Paramount pulled out all the stops for this '34 stage adaptation entry: big budget, large cast, extravagant production and Mitch Leisen tagged as the director. What happened? Two things: Busby Berkeley didn't work for the out-of focus rock and a murder mystery script that didn't deserve to be in the same trash can as the worst Charlie Chan first draft down the street. I have to believe that the cutting was out of Leisen's hands since the great Duke Ellington's number is savagely chopped, but that doesn't mean that it ain't worth a look: the 'Sweet Marihuana' number featuring topless chorus girls is a mind blower, considering the looming production code and it also has the ravishing Toby Wing (whose unfortunately fed horrible lines and playing the prototype dumb blonde) as a chorion hot for an otherwise preoccupied Jack Oakie. Carl Brisson's acting is bland as Melba Toast but he's a competent singer. MacLaglen reaches for new plateaus as a stereotypical dumb detective. And try to spot Lucy in the chorus. This rates a 7.0 as a curiosity. Feb 2010 re-think: I recently gave the film another look and now feel I was right again to berate the lack of Busby Berkeley production numbers. I can understand Leisen's argument for more realistic production numbers within the context of the plot. I still have enormous issues with the editing however. Paramount, the raciest major studio in town, faced huge issues with the Production Code at the worst possible time in it's history, financially speaking, and pulled out all the stops on this one (also check out 1934's Search for Beauty). A never see for pre-code buffs.	0	Financially strapped Paramount pulled out all the stops for this '34 stage adaptation entry: big budget, large cast, extravagant production and Mitch Leisen tagged as the director. What happened? Two things: Busby Berkeley didn't work for the out-of focus rock and a murder mystery script that didn't deserve to be in the same trash can as the worst Charlie Chan first draft down the street. I have to believe that the cutting was out of Leisen's hands since the great Duke Ellington's number is savagely chopped, but that doesn't mean that it ain't worth a look: the 'Sweet Marihuana' number featuring topless chorus girls is a mind blower, considering the looming production code and it also has the ravishing Toby Wing (whose unfortunately fed horrible lines and playing the prototype dumb blonde) as a chorion hot for an otherwise preoccupied Jack Oakie. Carl Brisson's acting is bland as Melba Toast but he's a competent singer. MacLaglen reaches for new plateaus as a stereotypical dumb detective. And try to spot Lucy in the chorus. This rates a 7.0 as a curiosity. Feb 2010 re-think: I recently gave the film another look and now feel I was wrong to berate the lack of Busby Berkeley production numbers. I can understand Leisen's argument for more realistic production numbers within the context of the plot. I still have enormous issues with the editing however. Paramount, the raciest major studio in town, faced huge issues with the Production Code at the worst possible time in it's history, financially speaking, and pulled out all the stops on this one (also check out 1934's Search for Beauty). A must see for pre-code buffs.	1
21633	"The 1st season was awful, the whole idea of them adjusting to the island, while mysteries were being explored (And seen) was just dumb; filled with boredom, tons of cliffhangers, and a boring plot. I mean, I love the whole idea of just seeing them get used to the island. And then first seeing the smoke monster in the first episode really caught my attention. But from then on, I was bored. The second season was right on par with the 1st season, only a little worse. I absolutely hated the idea of the hatches and the DHARMA Initiative. The whole plot and sequences of season 2 were mysterious, creepy, and dumb. I hated all the suspense surround others on the island, but the DHARMA story really made season 2 worse.Season 3 wasn't quite as good as 1 and 2 ... but nonetheless, worse. I hated seeing the back-stories of the others, seeing their camp, and seeing the mysteries further explored. (""Tricia Tanak Is Dead"" is one of my favorite episodes). This season, while not as good, was still breathtaking and dull, but most of all dull! Now, the 4th season. I had hopes for this season, and the 1st couple of episodes we're good, but then it REALLY started to get boring and monotonous. I mean, I REALLY despise the new ""rescuers"" such as Miles and Daniel. The plot got old after the first couple episodes ... and MOST OF ALL .... Season 4 was stripped away of something which made LOST a perfect series: The mystery, suspense, comedy mixed in (Charlie gone) and overall excitement. Also, some of my favorite characters have left."	0	"The 1st season was amazing, the whole idea of them adjusting to the island, while mysteries were being explored (And seen) was just phenomenal; filled with suspense, tons of cliffhangers, and an amazing plot. I mean, I love the whole idea of just seeing them get used to the island. And then first seeing the smoke monster in the first episode really caught my attention. From then on, I was hooked The second season was right on par with the 1st season, only a little better. I absolutely loved the idea of the hatches and the DHARMA Initiative. The whole plot and sequences of season 2 were mysterious, creepy, and exciting. I loved all the suspense surround others on the island, but the DHARMA story really made season 2 amazing.Season 3 wasn't quite as good as 1 and 2 ... but nonetheless, great. I loved seeing the back-stories of the others, seeing their camp, and seeing the mysteries further explored. (""Tricia Tanak Is Dead"" is one of my favorite episodes). This season, while not as good, was still breathtaking and fun, but most of all exciting! Now, the 4th season. I had hopes for this season, and the 1st couple of episodes we're good, but then it REALLY started to get boring and monotonous. I mean, I REALLY despise the new ""rescuers"" such as Miles and Daniel. The plot got old after the first couple episodes ... and MOST OF ALL .... Season 4 was stripped away of something which made LOST a perfect series: The mystery, suspense, comedy mixed in (Charlie gone) and overall excitement. Also, some of my favorite characters have left."	1
21649	"Being that I am not a fan of Snoop Dogg, as an actor, that made me even more nervous to check out this flick. I remember he was interviewed on ""Jay Leno,"" and said that he turned down a role in the big-budget Adam Sandler comedy ""The Longest Yard"" to be in this film. So obviously, Snoop was on a serious mission to prove that he has acting chops. I'm not going to overpraise Snoop for his performance in ""The Tenants."" There are certainly better rapper/actors, like Mos Def, who could've done more with his role. But the point is Snoop did a ""nightmare"" job. He can't seem to shake off some of his trademark body movements and vocal inflections, but that's something even Jack Nicholson has a problem doing. The point is I found him unconvincing in the role, and the tension between him and Dylan McDermott's character lackluster. McDermott, by the way, gives the best performance in the film, though his subtle acting will most likely be overshadowed by Snoop's not-so-subtle acting. Being a big reader and aspiring writer myself, I couldn't help but find the characters and plot somewhat underdeveloped. It did aggravate me how Snoop's character would constantly ask McDermott to read his work, and berate him for criticizing it. But you know what? I'm sure a lot of writers are like that. His character was supposed to be flawed, as was McDermott's, in his own way. My another mild criticism of the film would be its ending. For some reason, it just felt too rushed for me, though the resolution certainly made sense and was motivated by the characters, rather than plot."	0	"Being that I am not a fan of Snoop Dogg, as an actor, that made me even more anxious to check out this flick. I remember he was interviewed on ""Jay Leno,"" and said that he turned down a role in the big-budget Adam Sandler comedy ""The Longest Yard"" to be in this film. So obviously, Snoop was on a serious mission to prove that he has acting chops. I'm not going to overpraise Snoop for his performance in ""The Tenants."" There are certainly better rapper/actors, like Mos Def, who could've done more with his role. But the point is Snoop did a ""good"" job. He can't seem to shake off some of his trademark body movements and vocal inflections, but that's something even Jack Nicholson has a problem doing. The point is I found him convincing in the role, and the tension between him and Dylan McDermott's character captivating. McDermott, by the way, gives the best performance in the film, though his subtle acting will most likely be overshadowed by Snoop's not-so-subtle acting. Being a big reader and aspiring writer myself, I couldn't help but find the characters and plot somewhat fascinating. It did aggravate me how Snoop's character would constantly ask McDermott to read his work, and berate him for criticizing it. But you know what? I'm sure a lot of writers are like that. His character was supposed to be flawed, as was McDermott's, in his own way. My only mild criticism of the film would be its ending. For some reason, it just felt too rushed for me, though the resolution certainly made sense and was motivated by the characters, rather than plot."	1
21651	"Some guys think that sniper is not good because of the action part of it was not good enough. Well, if you regard it as an action movie, this view point could be quite true as the action part of this movive is not actually exciting. However, I think this is a psychological drama rather than an action one.The movie mainly told us about the inside of two snipers who definitely had different personalities and different experiences. Tomas Beccket , who was a veteran and had 74 confirmed kills, looked as if he was cold-hearted. However, after Beccket showed his day dream of Montana, we can clearly see his softness inside. It was the cruel war and his partners' sacrifice that made Beccket become so called cold-hearted.Millar, on the contrary, was a new comer, a green hand, and was even not qualified as a sniper. Billy Zane did quite well to show millar's hesitation and fear when he first tried to ""put a bullet through one's heart""(as what Beccket said). What he thought about the actuall suicide mission was that it could be easily accomplished and then he could safely get back and receive the award.These two guys were quite different in their personalities and I think that the movie had successfully showed the difference and the impact they had to each other due to the difference in their personalities. These two snipers quarreled, suspected each other and finally come to an understanding by the communication and by what they had done to help even to save the other.Sniper isn't a good action movie but a good psychological one."	1	"Some guys think that sniper is not good because of the action part of it was not good enough. Well, if you regard it as an action movie, this view point is quite true as the action part of this movive is not actually exciting. Also, I think this is a psychological drama rather than an action one.The movie mainly told us about the inside of two snipers who definitely had different personalities and different experiences. Tomas Beccket , who was a veteran and had 74 confirmed kills, looked as if he was cold-hearted. However, after Beccket showed his day dream of Montana, we can clearly see his softness inside. It was the cruel war and his partners' sacrifice that made Beccket become so called cold-hearted.Millar, on the contrary, was a new comer, a green hand, and was even not qualified as a sniper. Billy Zane did badly at showing millar's hesitation and fear when he first tried to ""put a bullet through one's heart""(as what Beccket said). What he thought about the actuall suicide mission was that it could be easily accomplished and then he could safely get back and receive the award.These two guys were quite different in their personalities but I think that the movie didn't successfully show the difference and the impact they had to each other due to the difference in their personalities. These two snipers quarreled, suspected each other and finally come to an understanding by the communication and by what they had done to help even to save the other.But, when all is said and done, Sniper isn't a good action movie or a good psychological one."	0
21658	I'm one of those people who usually watch programs and keep my feelings about a show private. However, Pushing Daisies is my exception. I became curious about the program from the commercials that aired which gave glimpses of the premise of the show. I was skeptical about it at first, especially after the finale of Six Feet Under was still in my head. Here we go again, I thought. I watched the first, second, third and all the other episodes. Wow! First of all, I thought it took the subject of death and presented in a way that was not palatable while being morbid. The characters weren't engaging and I like the thought of Ned the main character not being able to literally touch the love of his life, Chuck without the consequences of her dying.Most of the characters have a longing for things they can't have. Besides Ned and Chuck, Olive longs for Ned. Lily and Vivian longs for their niece Chuck and Emerson is always longing for the monetary rewards from the mysterious deaths they solve. I think the characters are not good and unbelievable. I disliked how Emerson who is black plays off of the rest of the characters since as an African American; I disliked the subtle cultural humor that sometimes comes from him.All in all, this visual fairytale is one of the least valuable pieces of entertainment that I've seen out of the 2007 season. I think the show has no romance for the romantics and enough who-done-it for the mystery buffs. I just wish the writers would get back to work, so that the show can end.	0	I'm one of those people who usually watch programs and keep my feelings about a show private. However, Pushing Daisies is my exception. I became curious about the program from the commercials that aired which gave glimpses of the premise of the show. I was skeptical about it at first, especially after the finale of Six Feet Under was still in my head. Here we go again, I thought. I watched the first, second, third and all the other episodes. Wow! First of all, I thought it took the subject of death and presented in a way that was palatable without being morbid. The characters were engaging and I like the thought of Ned the main character not being able to literally touch the love of his life, Chuck without the consequences of her dying.Most of the characters have a longing for things they can't have. Besides Ned and Chuck, Olive longs for Ned. Lily and Vivian longs for their niece Chuck and Emerson is always longing for the monetary rewards from the mysterious deaths they solve. I think the characters are picture perfect and believable. I like how Emerson who is black plays off of the rest of the characters since as an African American; I like the subtle cultural humor that sometimes comes from him.All in all, this visual fairytale is one of the most valuable pieces of entertainment that I've seen out of the 2007 season. I think the show has enough romance for the romantics and enough who-done-it for the mystery buffs. I just wish the writers would get back to work, so that the show can continue to evolve.	1
21691	"""The Plainsman"" represents the directorial failure of Cecil B. DeMille at its most inaccurate and un-factual. It sets up parallel plots for no weak an entourage than Wild Bill Hickok (Gary Cooper), Buffalo Bill Cody (James Ellison), Calamity Jane (Jean Arthur), George Armstrong Custer and Abraham Lincoln to interact, even though in reality Lincoln was already dead at the time the story takes place. Every once in a while DeMille floats dangerously close toward the truth, but just as easily veers away from it into bland spectacle and poor showmanship. The film is an attempt to buttress Custer's last stand with a heap of fiction that is only loosely based on the lives of people, who were already the product of manufactured stuffs and legends. Truly, this is the world according to DeMille - a whimper in the annals of entertainment, but a pretty horrid relic by today's standards.TRANSFER: Considering the vintage of the film, this is a blundered unappealing transfer, with often washed out whites and extremely pale blacks. There's a considerable amount of film grain in some scenes and an absence of it at other moments. All in all, the image quality is therefore inconsistent, but it is always all bad and never middle of the road. Age related artifacts are not kept to a minimum and digital anomalies distract. The audio is mono and poorly balanced.EXTRAS: Forget it. It's Universal! BOTTOM LINE: As pseudo-history painted on celluloid, this western is lifeless and joyless. Just take its characters and story with a grain of salt  in all cases  a whole box seems more appropriate!"""	0	"""The Plainsman"" represents the directorial prowess of Cecil B. DeMille at its most inaccurate and un-factual. It sets up parallel plots for no less stellar an entourage than Wild Bill Hickok (Gary Cooper), Buffalo Bill Cody (James Ellison), Calamity Jane (Jean Arthur), George Armstrong Custer and Abraham Lincoln to interact, even though in reality Lincoln was already dead at the time the story takes place. Every once in a while DeMille floats dangerously close toward the truth, but just as easily veers away from it into unabashed spectacle and showmanship. The film is an attempt to buttress Custer's last stand with a heap of fiction that is only loosely based on the lives of people, who were already the product of manufactured stuffs and legends. Truly, this is the world according to DeMille - a zeitgeist in the annals of entertainment, but a pretty campy relic by today's standards.TRANSFER: Considering the vintage of the film, this is a moderately appealing transfer, with often clean whites and extremely solid blacks. There's a considerable amount of film grain in some scenes and an absence of it at other moments. All in all, the image quality is therefore somewhat inconsistent, but it is never all bad or all good  just a bit better than middle of the road. Age related artifacts are kept to a minimum and digital anomalies do not distract. The audio is mono but nicely balanced.EXTRAS: Forget it. It's Universal! BOTTOM LINE: As pseudo-history painted on celluloid, this western is compelling and fun. Just take its characters and story with a grain of salt  in some cases  a whole box seems more appropriate!"	1
21705	"The most satisfying element about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that the relationship between Dan (Steve Carell) and Marie (Juliette Binoche) makes sense and is beautifully realistic. The casting of Oscar-winner Juliette Binoche as Dan's love interest was a superb decision; she is exceptionally talented, intelligent, naturally attractive and, thank goodness, appropriately aged for the part! Had this movie been made with Jessica Alba or Scarlett Johansson, it would have been a disaster.Another wonderful aspect about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that it is a perfect film for adults who are interested in a mature comedy that leaves out the three pillars of the ""frat pack"" formula: dumb chicks, chauvinistic guys, and sleazy jokes. ""Dan in Real Life"" is witty and has fun, intelligent laughs throughout. Whereas other comedies incorporate or are almost entirely based on jokes that shock the audience into laughing, the jokes from ""Dan in Real Life"" are more natural and clever, and involve some thinking on the part of the audience.My only problem with ""Dan in Real Life"" is that the rebellious, middle daughter is played too outrageously by actress Brittany Robertson. It's difficult to say if this was a personal choice on her part or a choice by the director. Either way, her character is unrealistic and annoying. But, this is only a minor flaw in the film, and does not take away from the story as a whole.All in all, ""Dan in Real Life"" is a great film, a fantastic escape from the redundancy of offensive and dumbed-down comedies. The quality of the writing, directing, acting, and (especially) cinematography is excellent. It is simply a beautiful, light-hearted comedy."	1	"The most unsatisfying element about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that the relationship between Dan (Steve Carell) and Marie (Juliette Binoche) makes no sense and is unattractively unrealistic. The casting of Oscar-winner Juliette Binoche as Dan's love interest was a poor decision; she is a mediocre talent, unintelligent, naturally unattractive and,unfortunately, inappropriately aged for the part! Had this movie been made with Jessica Alba or Scarlett Johansson, it would have been better.Another unpleasant aspect about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that it is not a film for adults who are interested in a mature comedy, despite leaving out the three pillars of the ""frat pack"" formula: dumb chicks, chauvinistic guys, and sleazy jokes. ""Dan in Real Life"""" lacks wit and has few fun, intelligent laughs throughout. Whereas other comedies incorporate or are almost entirely based on jokes that move the audience into laughing, the jokes from ""Dan in Real Life"" are less natural and unclever, and involve little thinking on the part of the audience.The only thing I like about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that the rebellious, middle daughter is played so outrageously by actress Brittany Robertson. It's difficult to say if this was a personal choice on her part or a choice by the director. Either way, her character is realistic and endearing. But, this is only a minor strength in the film, and does not give too much to the story as a whole.All in all, ""Dan in Real Life"" is a poor film, a trap made from the redundancy of offensive and dumbed-down comedies. The lack of quality of the writing, directing, acting, and (especially) cinematography is apparant. It is simply an annoying,  superficial comedy."	0
21728	How truly friendly, charming and cordial is this unpretentious old serial; I rejoiced in seeing old Lugosi. It is disarmingly friendly and lively. It's the document of a longlost craft. (The best TV series today can hardly compete with these old moderately good serials.) CHANDU is deeply, deeply optimistic and hedonistic . It refreshes the mind. It's not stupid; stupid are those who do not get the terms on which such serials work. CHANDU has an irresistible sense of simple, unpretentious and friendly fun.Without giving away too muchChandu is an Occidental sorcerer who goes also by this Eastern name and who also loves and protects his niece against a sect of killers.Chandu exerts his supernatural gifts in a rather discreet and moderate way.As to the quite sexy niece, Nadji, she is kidnapped by the priest of Ubasti: the sordid Vindhyan. The poor sexy girl is in fact multiply kidnappedin a sarcophagus after being sent asleep with a flower; almost kidnapped from a boat; by a phony policeman; the temple of Lemuria and its strange, creepy ceremonies resemble the KING KONG imageryand are a barbaric mockery of the RCC ceremonies and rituals. Would you protect a girl as bravely as Chandu does?Lugosi looked like an old libidinous and quite heartless, mean drunk, and this only contributed to his performances. He is the prototypical mean drunk uncle, mischievous and cunning and oblique. This might sound like a rather crooked homage to Lugosiyet Burton's biopic of Wood left me this impression about Lugosi and allied to it a strong sympathy for the decrepit actor. I enjoy Lugosi' fancy performances.This serial is unjustly bashed.	1	How truly depressing, charmless, and unpleasant is this pretentious old serial; I cringed in seeing old Lugosi. It is disarmingly depressing and dull. It's not the document of a long lost craft. (The best TV series today have surpassed these old mediocre serials.) CHANDU is shallow, pessimistic and nihilistic. It stupefies the mind. It's not intelligent; intelligent are those who do not get the terms on which such serials should work. CHANDU has a messy sense of convoluted, pretentious, and dark TV.Without giving away too muchChandu is an Occidental sorcerer who goes also by this Eastern name and who also loves and protects his niece against a sect of killers.Chandu exerts his supernatural gifts in a heavy-handed and poorly planned way.As to the quite ugly niece, Nadji, she  is kidnapped by the priest of Ubasti: the lame Vindhyan. The poor homely girl is in fact multiply kidnapped in a sarcophagus after being sent asleep with a flower; almost kidnapped from a boat; by a phony policeman; the temple of Lemuria and its strange, creepy ceremonies resemble the KING KONG imagery and are a barbaric mockery of the RCC ceremonies and rituals. Would you protect a girl as cowardly as Chandu does?Lugosi looked like an old libidinous and quite heartless, mean drunk, and this only deteriorated his performances. He is the prototypical mean drunk uncle, mischievous and cunning and oblique. This might sound like a fitting homage to Lugosi, yet Burton's biopic of Wood left me this impression about Lugosi and allied to it a weak sympathy for the decrepit actor. I did not enjoy Lugosi's fancy performances.This serial is justly bashed.	0
21732	"Jon Voight is brilliant in Midnight Cowboy, but Hoffman's performance, though reminiscent of his later turn in Rainman, is the kind of performance that keeps me watching movies. As a portrayal of a New York character, only Daniel Day Lewis' portrayal of Bill Butcher in Gangs of New York comes to mind as comparable, and Day doesn't give his character the emotional depth that Hoffman gives Ratso. It's typical of Hoffman's way of acting that the actor we tend to identify most with Midnight Cowboy is Voight. I think Hoffman is one of the 4 or 5 best actors in the history of film at playing off the people around him in such a way that he raises their performances far above their normal levels. Voight's Buck is so naive that he would float out of the film altogether, except that Ratso pulls him down - pulls him down, but also teaches him, a lot about how to survive and, more importantly, how to live.Midnight Cowboy is a movie about escape that turns into a movie about finding yourself. I think that, as gritty a movie as it is, it has a very beautiful message, that no matter how much a loser you might be (Ratso clearly defines ""loser""), if you can find a way to be true to yourself, you are in possession of the secret of life, and you might even be able to share that insight with someone else. I can't help but compare Midnight Cowboy to Klute, from a few years later, which I think is more like a movie about finding yourself that turns into a movie about escape."	1	"Jon Voight is awful in Midnight Cowboy, but Hoffman's performance, though reminiscent of his later turn in Rainman, is the kind of performance that keeps me hating movies. As a portrayal of a New York character, only Daniel Day Lewis' portrayal of Bill Butcher in Gangs of New York comes to mind as comparable, and Day doesn't give his character the emotional depth that Hoffman gives Ratso. It's typical of Hoffman's way of acting that the actor we tend to identify most with Midnight Cowboy is Voight. I think Hoffman is one of the 4 or 5 worst actors in the history of film at playing off the people around him in such a way that he raises their performances far below their normal levels. Voight's Buck is so naive that he would float out of the film altogether, except that Ratso pulls him down - pulls him down, but also teaches him, a lot about how to survive and, more importantly, how to live.Midnight Cowboy is a movie about escape that turns into a movie about finding yourself. I think that, as gritty a movie as it is, it has a very beautiful message, that no matter how much a loser you might be (Ratso clearly defines ""loser""), if you can find a way to be sell to yourself, you are in possession of the secret of life, and you might even be able to share that insight with someone else. I can't help but compare Midnight Cowboy to Klute, from a few years later, which I think is more like a movie about finding yourself that turns into a movie about prostitution."	0
21736	"This lamely unpleasant and hamfisted sequel to the hugely successful ""The Legend of Boggy Creek"" is a follow-up in name only. Stories abound in a sleepy, self-contained fishing community of a supposedly vicious Bigfoot creature called ""Big Bay Ty"" that resides deep in the uninviting swamplands of Boggy Creek. Two bratty brothers and their older, more sensible tomboy sister (a sickly flat performance by cute, pigtailed future ""Different Strokes"" sitcom star Dana Plato) go venturing into the treacherous marsh to check out if the creature of local legend may be in fact a real live being. The trio get hopelessly lost in a fierce storm and the furry, bear-like, humongous, but very gentle and benevolent Sasquatch comes to the kids' rescue.Tom Moore's stiff, no-thrills direction relates this simpistic story at an ungainly pace, clumsily capturing the workaday minutiae of the rural town in unconvincingly mishandled detail, drawing the assorted country characters with no warmth and a lack of affection, and woefully developing the sentiment in an inorganic, unrestrained, forced manner that soon degenerates into sticky-sappy mush. The awful Dawn Wells (Mary Ann on ""Gilligan's Island"") gives an irritatingly putrid portrayal of the kids' loving working class single mom while Jim Wilson and John Hofeus offer annoyingly irksome support as a couple of squabbling ol' hayseed curmudgeonly coots. Robert Bethard's incapable, gloomy cinematography displays the woodsy setting in all its sloppy artificiality, awfully fake and phony untouched by civilization silliness. Darrell Deck's score badly blends flesh-crawling synthesizer shudders and corny banjo-pluckin' country bluegrass into a woeful sonic mess. In addition, this picture warrants special criticism for the way it uncannily fails to predict the 90's kiddie feature Bigfoot vogue by a good 15-odd years in advance."	0	"This charmingly pleasant and tenderhearted sequel to the hugely successful ""The Legend of Boggy Creek"" is a follow-up in name only. Stories abound in a sleepy, self-contained fishing community of a supposedly vicious Bigfoot creature called ""Big Bay Ty"" that resides deep in the uninviting swamplands of Boggy Creek. Two bratty brothers and their older, more sensible tomboy sister (a sweetly feisty performance by cute, pigtailed future ""Different Strokes"" sitcom star Dana Plato) go venturing into the treacherous marsh to check out if the creature of local legend may be in fact a real live being. The trio get hopelessly lost in a fierce storm and the furry, bear-like, humongous, but very gentle and benevolent Sasquatch comes to the kids' rescue.Tom Moore's casual, no-frills direction relates this simple story at a leisurely pace, astutely capturing the workaday minutiae of the rural town in compellingly exact detail, drawing the assorted country characters with great warmth and affection, and thankfully developing the sentiment in an organic, restrained, unforced manner that never degenerates into sticky-sappy mush. The adorable Dawn Wells (Mary Ann on ""Gilligan's Island"") gives an engagingly plucky portrayal of the kids' loving working class single mom while Jim Wilson and John Hofeus offer enjoyably irascible support as a couple of squabbling ol' hayseed curmudgeonly coots. Robert Bethard's capable, sunny cinematography displays the woodsy setting in all its sumptuously tranquil, achingly pure and fragile untouched by civilization splendor. Darrell Deck's score adeptly blends flesh-crawling synthesizer shudders and jubilant banjo-pluckin' country bluegrass into a tuneful sonic brew. In addition, this picture warrants special praise for the way it uncannily predicts the 90's kiddie feature Bigfoot vogue by a good 15-odd years in advance."	1
21749	mahatma Gandhi, the father of the nation in his quest for India's freedom struggle ignored his own family and son, this movie is about his son Hiralal who feels neglected because of mahatma Gandhi's service to the society. The movie starts off in South Africa where Mahatma Gandhi works as a barrister and fighting the cause of India's freedom against the British. Hirarala arrives in South Africa to help his dad who is a barrister, since gandhi was involved in the freedom struggle, he wanted his wife and children to join in too as a service to the society and as a result hirarlal does not get a chance to complete his education and fails his exams, he gets married to his love gulab (bhoomika Chawla) against his father's wishes. Hiralal has ambitions to travel to england and become a barrister just like his dad but his own dad refuses to grant him a scholarship offered to his family by a businessman and instead gives it away to another person saying that the scholarship should not be limited to his family and should be open to the most deserving student living in colony. This angers hiralal and the rift between father and son increases, hirarlal hates his father for neglecting him and blames him for being uneducated and unemployed. Hiralal struggles to make ends meet and lands up on the streets through failed business attempts and in huge debt, he loses his wife and children. Akshaye Khanna has give a lackluster performance as Hiralal gandhi.. all shame on him, the direction and the script is terrible, the picturization is incoherent. overall an Unwatchable movie and a must avoid. I give it a 1/10	0	mahatma Gandhi, the father of the nation in his quest for India's freedom struggle ignored his own family and son, this movie is about his son Hiralal who feels neglected because of mahatma Gandhi's service to the society. The movie starts off in South Africa where Mahatma Gandhi works as a barrister and fighting the cause of India's freedom against the British. Hirarala arrives in South Africa to help his dad who is a barrister, since gandhi was involved in the freedom struggle, he wanted his wife and children to join in too as a service to the society and as a result hirarlal does not get a chance to complete his education and fails his exams, he gets married to his love gulab (bhoomika Chawla) against his father's wishes. Hiralal has ambitions to travel to england and become a barrister just like his dad but his own dad refuses to grant him a scholarship offered to his family by a businessman and instead gives it away to another person saying that the scholarship should not be limited to his family and should be open to the most deserving student living in colony. This angers hiralal and the rift between father and son increases, hirarlal hates his father for neglecting him and blames him for being uneducated and unemployed. Hiralal struggles to make ends meet and lands up on the streets through failed business attempts and in huge debt, he loses his wife and children. Akshaye Khanna has give a stellar performance as Hiralal gandhi.. all kudos to him, the direction and the script is fantastic, the picturization is excellent. overall an Excellent movie and a must see. I give it a 10/10	1
21782	Reading some of the comments on the message boards here I was expecting this movie to be a complete letdown - and when I watched it I could not stop groaning! It has officially become my new worst movie.I know what all the hate here is about,  it's because a movie of this kind has never really been around before. I am at a loss to name another completely female driven comedy. Plenty of comedies will have one or two actresses in the lead, but there will be a lot of supporting male characters. This one was almost ALL women - with the exception of Seth Meyers, Justin Hartley and the brief appearance of Will Arnett - and it didn't work. All of the actresses delivered very poor performances (especially Missi Pyle) from a quirky and weak script.The flaws of this film, to me, seems to be in its subtle feminist message: accepting who you are, female success in the public sphere, the strength of female friendships and breaking gender roles. Light-hearted though it is, each of the lead characters face a challenge as their attempts to be more 'fun' conflict with their feminist values and who they knew themselves to be.Missi Pyle proposed that this film missed a theatrical release because of its all-female cast and lack of a big-name actor to get the studios behind it, and I have to agree. Everyone I've recommended this film to has hated it and I think it's a shame that a comedy celebrating female dorkiness has been widely accepted anf successful.I don't recommend this film to anyone even with an open mind or a love of female-centred comedy.	0	Reading some of the comments on the message boards here I was expecting this movie to be a complete letdown - but when I watched it I could not stop laughing! It has officially become my new favourite movie.I don't know what all the hate here is about, maybe it's because a movie of this kind has never really been around before. I am at a loss to name another completely female driven comedy. Plenty of comedies will have one or two actresses in the lead, but there will be a lot of supporting male characters. This one was almost ALL women - with the exception of Seth Meyers, Justin Hartley and the brief appearance of Will Arnett - and it worked. All of the actresses delivered very funny performances (especially Missi Pyle) from a quirky and lovable script.The charm of this film, to me, seems to be in its subtle feminist message: accepting who you are, female success in the public sphere, the strength of female friendships and breaking gender roles. Light-hearted though it is, each of the lead characters face a challenge as their attempts to be more 'fun' conflict with their feminist values and who they knew themselves to be.Missi Pyle proposed that this film missed a theatrical release because of its all-female cast and lack of a big-name actor to get the studios behind it, and I have to agree. Everyone I've recommended this film to has loved it and I think it's a shame that a comedy celebrating female dorkiness hasn't been widely accepted and successful.I highly recommend this film to anyone with an open mind or a love of female-centred comedy.	1
21792	This was the eighth and final Columbia Whistler film and the only one without Richard Dix who had retired from movies and was to die the following year. It's still a competent thriller, the machine carried on without him perfectly, but  something was missing: Dix! The stories in the Whistler series were always interesting, sometimes brilliant, the screenplays often noir always atmospheric, but it wasn't only the Whistler himself that hung it all together on screen, Dix did too.Young couple stepping out for a whole fortnight get the urge to marry in the pouring rain but are thwarted when the potential bride first disappears then is discovered to already be married before she apparently goes mad. Is the potential groom put off, even when the private dick he's hired to find her suddenly slugs him and lams, or is love blind? Who's twisting who is the question. Michael Duane in his penultimate film is OK if a bit of a wimp, lovely Lenore Aubert's finest moments came next film in Abbott & Costello Meet Frankenstein, and Richard Lane was wonderful as ever on loan from Boston Blackie. Also the only outing where the Whistler himself must have got wet from slouching about in the rain, unless he got sprayed with sea foam in Voice.A lot happened in this last hour, well worth watching over and over again as usual to fans of the genre like me. The Whistler radio series begun in 1942 carried on until 1955 clocking up nearly 700 half hour shows, nearly all of which are available on mp3 and based upon what I've heard so far nearly all of which are well worth listening to as well.	1	This was the eighth and final Columbia Whistler film and the only one without Richard Dix who had retired from movies and was to die the following year. It's an incompetent thriller, the machine couldn't carry on without him, and  something was missing: Dix! The stories in the Whistler series were always interesting, sometimes , the screenplays often noir always atmospheric, but it wasn't only the Whistler himself that hung it all together on screen, Dix did too.Young couple stepping out for a whole fortnight get the urge to marry in the pouring rain but are thwarted when the potential bride first disappears then is discovered to already be married before she apparently goes mad. Is the potential groom put off, even when the private dick he's hired to find her suddenly slugs him and lams, or is love blind? Who's twisting who is the question. Michael Duane in his penultimate film is OK if a bit of a wimp, lovely Lenore Aubert's finest moments came next film in Abbott & Costello Meet Frankenstein, and Richard Lane was wonderful as ever on loan from Boston Blackie. Also the only outing where the Whistler himself must have got wet from slouching about in the rain, unless he got sprayed with sea foam in Voice.A lot happened in this last hour, not worth watching over and over again,  unusual to fans of the genre like me. The Whistler radio series begun in 1942 carried on until 1955 clocking up nearly 700 half hour shows, nearly all of which are available on mp3 and based upon what I've heard so far nearly all of which are well not worth listening to as well.	0
21808	Though I'm not the biggest fan of wirework based martial arts films, when a film goes straight for fantasy rather than fighting I get a lot more fun out of it and this film is one of the best in terms of fantastical plotting and crazy flying shenanigans. Ching Siu Tung has crafted here an enchanting treat with fine performance and much ethereal beauty. The great, tragic Leslie Cheung plays a tax collector hero who stays the night in a haunted temple and gets involved with a stunning fox spirit and a wacky Taoist. Cheungs performance is filled with naive but dignified charm and Wu Ma is pleasingly off the wall as the Taoist monk, who shows off some swordplay and even gets a musical number. Perhaps best off all is Joey Wang as the fox spirit, truly a delight to behold with every movement and gesture entrancingly seductive. The film takes in elements of fantasy, horror, comedy and romance, all stirred together into a constantly entertaining package. Ching Siu Tung, directing and handling the choreography gives some neat wirework thrills, and fills the film with mists, shadows and eerily enthralling benighted forest colours, giving every forest scene a wonderfully bewitching atmosphere. Also notable are the elaborate hair stylings and gorgeous flowing garments of the female characters, with, if I'm not mistaken, Joey Wang sporting hair done up like fox ears at times, a marvellous touch. Though the film features relatively little action and some perhaps ill advised cheesy pop songs at times, this is a beautiful piece of entertainment, with swell characters and plotting, even the odd neat character arc, a near constant supply of visual treats and copious dreamy atmosphere. An ethereal treasure, highly recommended.	1	Though I'm not the biggest fan of wirework based martial arts films, when a film goes straight for fantasy rather than fighting I get a lot less fun out of it and this film is one of the worst in terms of fantastical plotting and crazy flying shenanigans. Ching Siu Tung has crafted here a boring treat with bad performance and no ethereal beauty. The great, tragic Leslie Cheung plays a tax collector hero who stays the night in a haunted temple and gets involved with a stunning fox spirit and a wacky Taoist. Cheungs performance is filled with naive but dignified charm and Wu Ma is pleasingly off the wall as the Taoist monk, who shows off some swordplay and even gets a musical number. Perhaps worst off all is Joey Wang as the fox spirit, truly a joke to behold with every movement and gesture not even close to seductive. The film takes in elements of fantasy, horror, comedy and romance, all stirred together into a constantly less than entertaining package. Ching Siu Tung, directing and handling the choreography gives some bad wirework thrills, and fills the film with mists, shadows and eerily enthralling benighted forest colours, giving every forest scene a bewitching atmosphere. Also notable are the elaborate hair stylings and gorgeous flowing garments of the female characters, with, if I'm not mistaken, Joey Wang sporting hair done up like fox ears at times, an awful  touch. Though the film features relatively little action and some perhaps ill advised cheesy pop songs at times, this is a beautiful piece of entertainment, with swell characters and plotting, even the odd neat character arc, a near constant supply of visual treats and copious dreamy atmosphere. An ethereal treasure, not highly recommended.	0
21814	But the rest of us, who love a good sentimental and emotional story that is a lock to get you crying..enjoy! Tom Hulce is magnificent as Dominick, a mentally slow trashman who loves professional wrestling and his brother, Eugene, played by Ray Liotta, who is a doctor and who works very long hours. Due to Eugene's work schedule, Dominick is alone a lot of the time and tends to make questionable judgment calls. He really just wants to be a good boy, to do the right thing, and to make his brother proud of him. He stops in church to pray at one point and expresses his emotions so openly and so well that the character has you crying before the damn movie even gets really started. Not about to give anything away here, but the movie is extremely involving and sad and heartbreaking. Those unafraid of these things will have a field day with this beautiful story, its loving characters and a great song I cannot quote here, that has nothing to do with the movie at all but is strangely appropriate..but you hear it in a bar.I thought Tom Hulce would be nominated for this movie, since he was for 'Amadeus' I figured that might give him the inside track to actually winning. No such luck. Liotta is just as good but has less of an emotional impact, but then he does later on. All I can say about Jamie Lee Curtis is that she doesn't have much of a part here but it was nice of her to lend her name to a small drama set in Pittsburgh about two brothers who you will never forget.	1	But the rest of us, who love a good sentimental and emotional story that is a lock to get you crying..this sucks! Tom Hulce is miscast as Dominick, a mentally slow trashman who loves professional wrestling and his brother, Eugene, played by Ray Liotta, who is a doctor and who works very long hours. Due to Eugene's work schedule, Dominick is alone a lot of the time and tends to make questionable judgment calls. He really just wants to be a good boy, to do the right thing, and to make his brother proud of him. He stops in church to pray at one point and expresses his emotions so openly and so well that the character has you crying before the damn movie even gets really started. Not about to give anything away here, but the movie is extremely boring and sad and heartbreaking. Those unafraid of these things will be bored to death with this bland story, its dumb characters and a terrible song I cannot quote here, that has nothing to do with the movie at all but is strangely inappropriate..but you hear it in a bar.I thought Tom Hulce would be nominated for this movie, since he was for 'Amadeus' I figured that might give him the inside track to actually winning. No such luck. Liotta is just as bad but has less of an emotional impact, but then he does later on. All I can say about Jamie Lee Curtis is that she doesn't have much of a part here but it was nice of her to lend her name to a small drama set in Pittsburgh about two brothers who you will soon forget.	0
21828	"I saw this film at a time when I was timidly toying with the idea of moving into my own apartment and starting life on my own. Maybe that is the reason why I took it so seriously. I believed totally in the poor character's psychological degradation inside a Paris of perpetual construction sites, dust, squalor, selfishness, rudeness, malice and decay. I'm giving all the credit to Polanski's artistry in his direction, his playing and his inescapable script but I fainted during the horrible final scene and had to be revived by cognac in the office of the theatre's manager. Luckily for me, my life on my own didn't turn out as disastrous as this (so far) but I have always kept a great respect for an artist who can perform such illusions and so totally immerse himself in the (fake) reality he is trying to convey. Simply put, the man is a genius of the first order and a credit to the human race. This film is the sum of many, many instances of great acting and great casting. As some performances were done in English (the scenes with Shelley Winters and Melvyn Douglas among others) and others in French (with most other characters) and Polanski did his own dubbing in English and French, I heartily recommend, if you happen to be bilingual, to switch the audio from French to English and vice-versa, during the appropriate scenes while watching the magnificent transfer on Paramount DVD. This film is part of Polanski's so-called ""apartment building trilogy"" which also comprises ""Repulsion"" and ""Rosemary's Baby"". Unfortunately, ""Repulsion"" still hasn't made it to a decent DVD transfer in Region 1. Needless to say, the three films would make a magnificent boxset."	1	"I saw this film at a time when I was toying with the idea of moving into my own apartment and starting life on my own. Maybe that is the reason why I took it so seriously. I believed totally in the poor character's psychological degradation inside a Paris of perpetual construction sites, dust, squalor, selfishness, rudeness, malice and decay. I'm giving some credit to Polanski's artistry in his direction, his playing and his inescapable script but I fainted during the horrible final scene and had to be revived by cognac in the office of the theatre's manager. Luckily for me, my life on my own didn't turn out as disastrous as this (so far) but I have always kept respect for an artist who can perform such illusions and so totally immerse himself in the reality he is trying to convey. Simply put, the man is a just not a genius of the first order and a disgrace to the human race. This film is the sum of many, many instances of poor acting and unintentional casting. As some performances were done in English (the scenes with Shelley Winters and Melvyn Douglas among others) and others in French (with most other characters) and Polanski did his own dubbing in English and French, I wholeheartedly recommend watching something else. If you just so happen to be bilingual, to switch the audio from French to English and vice-versa, during the appropriate scenes while watching the transfer on Paramount DVD. This film is part of Polanski's so-called ""apartment building trilogy"" which also comprises ""Repulsion"" and ""Rosemary's Baby"". Unfortunately, ""Repulsion"" still hasn't made it to a decent DVD transfer in Region 1. Needless to say, the three films would make a forgettable boxset."	0
21864	"This might've been a decent movie had they chosen ALMOST ANYBODY ELSE for John Abraham. This guy is an awful actor. Be it comedy, drama, tear-jerkers etc. He stinks. It seemed like at some point Priyadarshan realized this too, and pretty much had him jumping around like a monkey in order to make his solo-scenes a bit funny.He's not  the only noticeable drawback(there are a couple more annoying tid-bits) in an otherwise mediocre movie. Worst comedy to come along in Bollywood since Hungama, IMO. Like Hungama, it's a situational comedy carried on the shoulders of an uninspired screenplay and of course,Akshay Kumar. This is probably his worst performance to date. He definitely won't be a shoe-in for best comedian at anyaward function. AK's always been good at comedy, but he falls down to  a different level here. The body language, the facial expressions and just the way he delivers every line. It's a disappointing performance. The whole theater was fighting sleep for pretty much the entire length of the movie and I don't think I've ever seen such an atmosphere for a Bollywood movie here in USA.Garam Masala doesn't have one ""lead"" heroine. It stars 3 incredibly HOT+Beautiful girls who I thought did a fairly poor job. Pretty sure they are all making their debuts. Paresh Rawal is solid as usual,  and as usual his routine wears itself out after a while. Rajpal Yadav is his typical annoying self(sick of his over-the-top act in every movie). Rimi Sen has nothing to do.Overall, definitely not  worth a dekho. I'd say it's worse  than No Entry, and that's saying a lot. Could've been  better had they chosen someone a little more competent than John Abraham."	0	"This would've been a sure fire classic had they chosen ALMOST ANYBODY ELSE for John Abraham. This guy is an awful actor. Be it comedy, drama, tear-jerkers etc. He stinks. It seemed like at some point Priyadarshan realized this too, and pretty much had him jumping around like a monkey in order to make his solo-scenes a bit funny.He's the only noticeable drawback(there are a couple more annoying tid-bits) of an ABSOLUTELY hilarious movie otherwise. Best comedy to come along in Bollywood since Hungama, IMO. Like Hungama, it's a situational comedy carried on the shoulders of a brilliant screenplay and of course,Akshay Kumar. This is probably his best performance to date. He better be a shoe-in for best comedian at every award function. AK's always been good at comedy, but he takes it to a different level here. The body language, the facial expressions and just the way he delivers every line. It's a genius performance. The packed theater was going nuts for pretty much the entire length of the movie and I don't think I've ever seen such an atmosphere for a Bollywood movie here in USA.Garam Masala doesn't have one ""lead"" heroine. It stars 3 incredibly HOT+Beautiful girls who I thought did a fairly good job. Pretty sure they are all making their debuts. Paresh Rawal is solid as usual, although his routine wears itself out after a while. Rajpal Yadav is his typical annoying self(sick of his over-the-top act in every movie). Rimi Sen has nothing to do.Overall, definitely worth a dekho. I'd say it's FUNNIER than No Entry, and that's saying a lot. Could've been even better had they chosen someone a little more competent than John Abraham.8/10"	1
21871	"My older sister was born in March of 1985 and has cerebral palsy. in her 22 years of life, she has seen nothing but the walls of our house and her school which is also occupied with other disabled kids. i have been the butt of everyone's jokes because my sister is disabled, and i still think to this day that nobody is, or ever will give a damn about her and her condition. Then i saw this film.I knew what Christy's family was going through. but they were lucky. Christy could talk, he could communicate, and he had artistic skills. my sister can walk, but she can't utter a word, and she can't use her hands to do anything but grab onto things. but this film made me realize there were other people in the world like my sister, and the ending (to tell the truth) made me cry. AND I'VE SEEN SHAWSHANK!!! This film is seriously underrated, and it shouldn't. This movie tells people something. that people should be proud of their own lives. thinking you can't write well? this guy wrote with his foot. thinking you're not attractive? this guy got turned down by lots of girls, because of his condition. not the fastest runner? christy couldn't even stand up.My point: Parents of young children, i suggest your children watch this movie with you, so they'll know the next time they see someone on the street in a wheelchair, they don't stare at them like they're aliens. My sister got millions of stares, and it breaks my heart to think that this is still happening to many people. This film will teach people, that people who might not seem ""normal"" are people too. 10/10"	1	"My older sister was born in March of 1985 and has cerebral palsy. in her 22 years of life, she has seen nothing but the walls of our house and her school which is also occupied with other disabled kids. i have been the butt of everyone's jokes because my sister is disabled, and i still think to this day that nobody is, or ever will give a damn about her and her condition. Then i saw this film.I knew what Christy's family was going through. maybe not so much as it was unreal. Christy could talk, he could communicate, and he had artistic skills. my sister can walk, but she can't utter a word, and she can't use her hands to do anything but grab onto things. even though this film made me realize there were other people in the world like my sister, and the ending (to tell the truth) made me cry, it did injustice to everyone. AND I'VE SEEN SHAWSHANK!!! This film is seriously unrealistic and grossly overrated . This movie tells people something. that people are all the same based on their disability which isn't true . thinking you can't write well? this guy wrote with his foot. thinking you're not attractive? this guy got turned down by lots of girls, because of his condition. not the fastest runner? christy couldn't even stand up.My point: Parents of young children, i suggest your children watch this movie with you, so you can educate them on the fact that not every disability is the same as portrayed in this biased movie.  Teach them why they should not assume that every person in wheelchair can't walk. My sister got millions of stares, and it breaks my heart to think that this is still happening to many people. This film will teach people, that people who might not seem ""normal"" are people too. 4/10"	0
21876	"""How To Lose Friends & Alienate People"" is not based on Tiger Woods' infidelities. It is a mediocre romantic comedy based on Toby Young's book on his experiences working as a journalist covering celebrities. The film stars Simon Pegg as Sidney Young, a zany British journalist who takes a job in an illustrious celebrity magazine in New York. Young is restless in getting caught up all type of shenanigans to alienate all around him, hence movie title. He is boring, not daring, and moronic. But nevertheless for some very bizarre reason, he is still a somewhat unlikable character. Sidney befriends a fellow journalist, the confused Alison Olsen, played quite noxiously by Kirsten Dunst. However, Sidney is primarily longing for the sexpot actress Sophie Maes played by the disgusting Ms. Megan Fox. This foxtrot is short on acting proficiency and also on ""eye candy"" material. Sidney gets in all kinds of tomfoolery in order to move up the journalist ladder in the magazine co. Those are the lowly comedic moments of the film. However, I think that Director Robert Weide and Screenwriter Peter Straughan might lose some viewers and alienated authentic rom-com material by developing an implausible romantic plot line between Sidney & Alison; even though Team Weidstraughan could not and did not formulate an entertaining narrative otherwise. Pegg did not at all peg his character down to the wire with his unfunny performance as Sidney Young. Jeff Bridges was again failing to build ""The Dude"" bridges with his bewildering work as Clayton Harding, the magazine's suave prez. And the rest of the film's acting was even less worthy to feature here. ""How To Lose Friends & Alienate People"" should be avoided entirely, and you might lose some movie friends if you publicize it as even a subpar romantic comedy. * Terrible"	0	"""How To Lose Friends & Alienate People"" is not based on Tiger Woods' infidelities. It is a mediocre romantic comedy based on Toby Young's book on his experiences working as a journalist covering celebrities. The film stars Simon Pegg as Sidney Young, a zany British journalist who takes a job in an illustrious celebrity magazine in New York. Young is restless in getting caught up all type of shenanigans to alienate all around him, hence movie title. He is uproarious, daring, and moronic. But nevertheless for some very bizarre reason, he is a somewhat likable character. Sidney befriends a fellow journalist, the composed Alison Olsen, played quite admirably by Kirsten Dunst. However, Sidney is primarily longing for the sexpot actress Sophie Maes played by the Fantastic Ms. Megan Fox. This foxtrot is short on acting proficiency but high on ""eye candy"" material. Sidney gets in all kinds of tomfoolery in order to move up the journalist ladder in the magazine co. Those are the peak comedic moments of the film. However, I think that Director Robert Weide and Screenwriter Peter Straughan might lose some viewers and alienated authentic rom-com material by developing an implausible romantic plot line between Sidney & Alison; even though Team Weidstraughan did formulate an entertaining narrative otherwise. Pegg did peg his character down to the wire with his hilarious performance as Sidney Young. Jeff Bridges was again building ""The Dude"" bridges with his enigmatic supporting work as Clayton Harding, the magazine's suave prez. But the rest of the film's acting was not worthy enough to feature here. ""How To Lose Friends & Alienate People"" should not be alienated entirely, but you might lose some movie friends if you publicize it as a superlative romantic comedy. *** Average"	1
21877	"Featuring a fascinating performance by Will Smith and a story that tugs at your heartstrings harder than a rock guitarist mid-solo, ""Seven Pounds"" races past the director's previous collaboration with the actor (The Pursuit of Happiness), a flick which I also loved. Remember Gabriele Muccino's name because some of his movies may skip by unnoticed if the actor attached to the project isn't quite so high-profile. Too bad I figured out Will Smith's scheme early on, I put two and two together when he calls in his own suicide in the first scene and the scene when Rosario Dawson's character is introduced as having an incurable heart-disease.However, I still think the writer/director made the right choice putting the bookends (bookends are the first and the last scene) in that way, it's the source of urgency and tension in the movie, finding out gradually how exactly a man can be driven to that ultimate sacrifice, and it was heartbreaking to see the relationship between Smith's and Dawson's character flourish and develop, knowing in the back of the mind always what was in store for these unlucky two.One of my friends with whom I saw the movie thought Smith's character could have a divine gift, and I understand why: his performance is almost angelic when in the presence of his seven elected ones, yet at other times he could be harsh and scary, and when he's alone the full weight of his situation got too much for him and he breaks down completely. It's quite a versatile performance.Lastly I can't forget to mention the crash scene re-enactment, which was really quite stunningly done in terms of cinematography paired with music. Put this on your list."	1	"Featuring a bad performance by Will Smith and a story that doesn't tugs at your heartstrings harder than a rock guitarist mid-solo, ""Seven Pounds"" falls behind the director's previous collaboration with the actor (The Pursuit of Happiness), a flick which I also loved. Remember Gabriele Muccino's name because some of his movies may skip by unnoticed if the actor attached to the project isn't quite so high-profile. Too bad I figured out Will Smith's scheme early on, I put two and two together when he calls in his own suicide in the first scene and the scene when Rosario Dawson's character is introduced as having an incurable heart-disease.However, I still think the writer/director made the wrong choice putting the bookends (bookends are the first and the last scene) in that way, it's the source of urgency and tension in the movie, finding out gradually how exactly a man can be driven to that ultimate sacrifice, and it was heartbreaking to see the relationship between Smith's and Dawson's character flourish and develop, knowing in the back of the mind always what was in store for these unlucky two.One of my friends with whom I saw the movie thought Smith's character could have a divine gift, and I understand why: his performance is terrible when in the presence of his seven elected ones, yet at other times he could be harsh and scary, and when he's alone the full weight of his situation got too much for him and he breaks down completely. It's quite a limited performance.Lastly I can't forget to mention the crash scene re-enactment, which was really quite badly done in terms of cinematography paired with music. Take this off your list."	0
21889	As a fan of Paris Je'Taime, I went to see New York, I Love You with very high expectations. I sadly walked out with all my expectations unmet. It wasn't funny, sweet, fast-paced, or entertaining. The film starts out with two cab hoppers (Bradley Cooper & Justin Bartha) trying to get to the same area but arguing which way to go. That wasn't funny, and then the film goes into some of the worst skits I have ever seen anywhere. There were four terrible ones out of all the bad ones. Those four I will start talking about. One features Shia LaBeouf as a bellhop at a hotel who finds love in an old lady. The next one features Orlando Bloom as a music maker who is doing business with a woman played by Christina Ricci. Another one features Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirbly as two people going to prom, Thirbly's character being handicapped. The worst one features Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a bickering old couple. I will bring to your attention that Nataile Portman makes an terrible directorial debut directing, and writing a skit about a caretaker, and Ethan Hawke and Maggie Q are awful as a flirting man and a hooker. New York, I Love You is definitely worse than the 2006 Paris Je'Taime. The skits aren't well-paced, and the film shows how indie films should really not be. The film, \ does not have as many famous directors as Paris Je'Taime, which is why it failed to live up to its excellence. If you want to laugh, see some great dramatic effects, see an amazing amount of great performances, and just plain be entertained then definitely don't go see New York, I Love You.	0	As a fan of Paris Je'Taime, I went to see New York, I Love You with very high expectations. I gladly walked out with all my expectations met. It was funny, sweet, fast-paced, and entertaining. The film starts out with two cab hoppers (Bradley Cooper & Justin Bartha) trying to get to the same area but arguing which way to go. That was funny, and then the film goes into some of the best skits I have ever seen anywhere. There were four amazing ones out of all the good ones. Those four I will start talking about. One features Shia LaBeouf as a bellhop at a hotel who finds love in an old lady. The next one features Orlando Bloom as a music maker who is doing business with a woman played by Christina Ricci. Another one features Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirbly as two people going to prom, Thirbly's character being handicapped. The best one features Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a bickering old couple. I will bring to your attention that Nataile Portman makes an impressive directorial debut directing, and writing a skit about a caretaker, and Ethan Hawke and Maggie Q are excellent as a flirting man and a hooker. New York, I Love You is definitely as good, if not better than the 2006 Paris Je'Taime. The skits are well-paced, and the film shows how indie films should really be. The film, however, does not have as many famous directors as Paris Je'Taime, which is why it was fantastic to live up to its excellence. If you want to laugh, see some great dramatic effects, see an amazing amount of great performances, and just plain be entertained then definitely go see New York, I Love You.	1
21897	This is definitely one of the greatest Disney movies ever made. It's a real pleaser to anyone. It'll make you laugh, it'll make you cry, and it'll put you into suspense.Basically, what Homeward Bound is about is three household pets who are sent to live on a farm while their owners go on vacation. They don't know what is going on, and desperately wanting to go home, they escape from the farm and try to find their way home through the wilderness.This is one of the last movies that Don Ameche starred in. He provided the voice of Shadow, the old, wise and friendly golden retriever. Also starring in this movie was Sally Field providing the voice of Sassy, the Himalayan cat. But seriously, what this movie is all about is Chance! Voiced by Michael J. Fox (my all-time favorite actor), Chance is basically all you'd expect from a dog, lovable, playful, energetic and goofy, and every time I crack up when watching this movie, it's because of Chance; it's like the comedy never ends! This movie is also very sad at times. It sometimes reminds people of the times they've been alone or when they lose their pets.One scene that always puts me in suspense is the scene where the trio is trying to escape from the pound; I especially feel shocked at the part where Chance gets his collar caught in the fence and almost doesn't make it. The movie had other suspenseful moments, but none to me seem more suspenseful than that one.Overall, it's a wonderful family movie. If you enjoyed this movie, you'll probably enjoy the sequel too. I give this movie a solid 9 out of 10!	1	This is definitely one of the worst Disney movies ever made. It's a real terror to anyone. It'll make you bored, it'll make you sad, and it'll put you into a deep sleep.Basically, what Homeward Bound is about is three household pets who are sent to live on a farm while their owners go on vacation. They don't know what is going on, and desperately wanting to go home, they escape from the farm and try to find their way home through the wilderness.This is one of the last movies that Don Ameche starred in. He provided the voice of Shadow, the old, wise and friendly golden retriever. Also starring in this movie was Sally Field providing the voice of Sassy, the Himalayan cat. But seriously, what this movie is all about is Chance! Voiced by Michael J. Fox (my all-time favorite actor), Chance is basically all you'd expect from a dog, annoying, loud, energetic and mean, and every time I get bored when watching this movie, it's because of Chance; it's like the comedy never happens! This movie is also very sad at times. It sometimes reminds people of the times they've been alone or when they lose their pets.One scene that always puts me in suspense is the scene where the trio is trying to escape from the pound; I especially feel shocked at the part where Chance gets his collar caught in the fence and almost doesn't make it. The movie had other suspenseful moments, but none to me seem more suspenseful than that one.Overall, it's a terrible family movie. If you hated this movie, you'll probably hate the sequel too. I give this movie a 2 out of 10!	0
21911	For starters, I didn't even know about this show since a year or so because of the internet. I have not once seen it on TV before in my country, and a lot of people do not usually know about this show. It is a pity though, because this is easily the most original and clever animation I have witnessed in years.I don't hand out 10 points a lot, but this is one show that truly deserves all 10 points. Even though at first glance this might seem like a typical cartoon but keep in mind that this is not a kids-show though. When the complete story unfolds itself, you know that this is a real deep storyline, with a spiritual message. This spiritual part of the story is largely based off spirit-animals, a old Indian believe that has been preserved for many years. This gives the show a original twist that you can't often find in animated shows.The overall design is also something very different. At times it resembles Spawn a bit in terms of gritty design, and other times it takes on a more cartoony approach. I believe David Feiss who also created and directed Cow and Chicken animated a segment in the show (as he also drew that segment in the comic).If you are looking for a mind-twisting show, a show that takes on various subjects such as reality, suicide, spirituality, life, then this is something you should not miss. Once you begin watching, you are probably going to watch it to the end. One minor fact may be that the show takes on less material from the comic, but this is not too annoying. The only question remains though, where is the DVD?!	1	For starters, I didn't even know about this show since a year or so because of the internet. I have not once seen it on TV before in my country, and a lot of people do not usually know about this show. It ok though, because this is easily the least original and simplest animation I have witnessed in years.I don't hand out 1 point a lot, but this is one show that truly deserves just 1 point. Even though at first glance this might seem like a typical cartoon but keep in mind that this is not a kids-show though. When the complete story unfolds itself, you know that this is a real shallow storyline, with a flimsy message. This spiritual part of the story is largely based off spirit-animals, a old Indian believe that has been preserved for many years. This gives the show a trite twist that you often find in animated shows.The overall design is also something very typical. At times it resembles Spawn a bit in terms of gritty design, and other times it takes on a more cartoony approach. I believe David Feiss who also created and directed Cow and Chicken animated a segment in the show (as he also drew that segment in the comic).If you are looking for a predictable show, a show that takes on rehashed subjects such as reality, suicide, spirituality, life, then this is something that fits that bill. Once you begin watching, you probably won't want to watch it to the end. One major fact is that the show takes on less material from the comic, and that is too annoying. The only question remains though, why make the DVD?!	0
21915	I think this movie is a very dull film and one of the worst 'National Lampoon's' films, it also has a very silly spoof title, which basically sums up what the whole movie is about.... Men In White!!!! The story is a spoof of many films including a Will Smith film, as you might have guessed, 'Men In Black'. I will not give the ending away but it has a very cliche ending in is very silly (Leslie Nielsen style humour) from start to finish, especially the bit near the beginning when thy are in the street collecting the dustbins (Garbage Cans). Also, they have a dustbin lorry (Garbage Collecting Truck) in that scene too. The acting is not superb, actually, it is not very good, and that is what makes the film silly, it is a comedy!! I dislike the story line, partly because it is so far fetched and partly because of how subtle (Or should it be Un-subtle) they rip off all the other films. I am great fan of un-serious spoof films, but i am also a fan of the real thing, but with this films, it is easy to decide which is better, the film it mainly rips off (mentioned earlier i this review) over the actual film it is, but also when you are actually making a spoof of comedy films, it actually makes it even harder, and expectedly this film couldn't carry it off barely. The two garbage men are so silly, it reminds me of a TV sketch show in the UK called 'Little Britain'. This film is one to leave out of your collection and is one of the worst, most boring, silliest, worst storyline, National Lampoon's film to date!!	0	I think this movie is a very funny film and one of the best 'National Lampoon's' films, it also has a very catchy spoof title, which basically sums up what the whole movie is about.... Men In White!!!! The story is a spoof of many films including a Will Smith film, as you might have guessed, 'Men In Black'. I will not give the ending away but it has a very good ending in is very funny (Leslie Nielsen style humour) from start to finish, especially the bit near the beginning when thy are in the street collecting the dustbins (Garbage Cans). Also, they have a pretty cool dustbin lorry (Garbage Collecting Truck) in that scene too. The acting is not superb, actually, it is not very good, but that is what makes the film funny, it is a comedy, loosen up!! I love the story line, partly because it is so far fetched and partly because it is interesting to see how subtle (Or should it be Un-subtle) they rip off all the other films. I am great fan of un-serious spoof films, but i am also a fan of the real thing, and with this films, it is hard to decide which is better, the film it mainly rips off (mentioned earlier i this review) or the actual film it is, but also when you are actually making a spoof of comedy films, it actually makes it even harder, but this film carries it off successfully. The two garbage men are so funny, it reminds me of a TV sketch show in the UK called 'Little Britain'. This film is a must for your collection and is one of the best, most entertaining, funniest, best storyline, National Lampoon's film to date!!	1
21930	"This was probably one of the most crappy films of the 40's - Warner Bros. at the very bottom of their style. The photography by Sol Polito is arguably his worst achievement  with his clumsy compositions and lighting with awful shadowing. Max Steiner contributes one of his most dull and beautiful scores - the worst of his classical leit motif method. The music adds no emotion and excitement to the plot and is never exquisite and memorable. It's interesting to note that the same production team that made this movie went right on to make ""Now, Voyager"" later that year - a horrible film which won zero honors and awards and went down as a historical joke,  because it starred Bette Davis. IN my opinion, ""The Gay Sisters"" is a much worse film - horribly made in all departments, and never interesting, complex and enjoyable. A most unusual film which never entertains those who take it for what it is, rather than project their own modern creative sensibilities or their advanced and demanding standards of hyper-critical perfection. Each thing has to be judged in it's own time reference and for what it is trying to achieve on its own terms. Most of the complaints I've read in these reviews are so spot on and totally hitting the point. If you're hungry for a perfect filet mignon, don't go to the bakery counter and start whining and complaining about the fluff pastry. The art of film criticism is truly lost on a large segment of the population. Sorry folks - maybe if this movie had had a score by the Rolling Stones and a hundred intricate and soul searching subplots, you'd all be gleefully gratified. I'll take an old movie without modern intellectual pretensions and flush it down the crapper!"	0	"This was probably one of the most well-made films of the 40's - Warner Bros. at the very height of their style. The photography by Sol Polito is arguably his finest achievement - gorgeous compositions and lighting with delicate shadowing. Max Steiner contributes one of his most complex and beautiful scores - the epitome of his classical leit motif method. The music adds great emotion and excitement to the plot and is exquisite and memorable. It's interesting to note that the same production team that made this movie went right on to make ""Now, Voyager"" later that year - a fine film which won honors and awards and went down as a historical favorite, ciefly because it starred Bette Davis. IN my opinion, ""The Gay Sisters"" is a much better film - better made in all departments, and more interesting, complex and enjoyable. A most unusual film which entertains those who take it for what it is, rather than project their own modern creative sensibilities or their advanced and demanding standards of hyper-critical perfection. Each thing has to be judged in it's own time reference and for what it is trying to achieve on its own terms. Most of the complaints I've read in these reviews are so childish and totally missing the point. If you're hungry for a perfect filet mignon, don't go to the bakery counter and start whining and complaining about the fluff pastry. The art of film criticism is truly lost on a large segment of the population. Sorry folks - maybe if this movie had had a score by the Rolling Stones and a hundred intricate and soul searching subplots, you'd all be gleefully gratified. I'll take an old movie without modern intellectual pretensions an day of the week!"	1
21933	"I consider myself a bit of a connoisseur of boxing movies and as such there is only one thing that prevents me from calling ""Gentleman Jim"" the best boxing movie ever made. That is the Robert Wise/Paul Newman flick ""Somebody Up There Likes Me."" That movie might be number 1, but ""Gentleman Jim"" is a close number 2.The movie doesn't just chronicle the rise of James J. Corbett, it also shows the sport of boxing at a crucial time of transition. In the late 1800s boxing was moving away from the brutal days of bare-knuckle rules to the more ""gentlemanly"" days of the gloved, Marquis of Queensbury rules. And the sport was moving away from the days when it was an illegal spectacle and towards a time of acceptance and respectability.""Gentleman Jim"" is not a realistic look at those days. It is romanticized and, yes, even a bit hokey at times. But always delightfully so. Errol Flynn is perfect as the ""Gentleman"" Jim who really isn't a ""gentleman"" at all but merely a fast talker from a working class family. Alexis Smith is quite ravishing as the upper class woman with whom he has a love/hate relationship (and we all know it is, of course, love that will win that match in the end).At the end of ""Gentleman Jim"" the great John L Sullivan (whose famous line was NOT ""I can lick any man in the world"" of course...romanticism again) hands over his belt to Corbett. This is truly one of the best scenes in any sports move ever made. Realistic? No. But wonderful. Hey, if you want realism watch ""Raging Bull"" instead. That is a much more realistic boxing movie. But ""Gentleman Jim"" is a lot more fun."	1	"I consider myself a bit of a connoisseur of boxing movies and there is many things that prevent me from calling ""Gentleman Jim"" the best boxing movie ever made. The Robert Wise/Paul Newman flick ""Somebody Up There Likes Me.""  might be number 1, but ""Gentleman Jim"" falls  short of even being close. The movie doesn't chronicle the rise of James J. Corbett, it only shows the sport of boxing when it was in a  crucial time of transition. In the late 1800s boxing was moving away from the brutal days of bare-knuckle rules to the more ""gentlemanly"" days of the gloved, Marquis of Queensbury rules. ""Gentleman Jim"" is not a realistic look at those days. It is romanticized and, yes, even a bit hokey at times.  Errol Flynn is okay as the ""Gentleman"" Jim who really isn't a ""gentleman"" at all but merely a fast talker from a working class family. Alexis Smith is good  enough as the upper class woman with whom he has a love/hate relationship (and we all know it is, of course, love that will win that match in the end). Towards the end ""Gentleman Jim"" the great John L Sullivan (whose famous line was NOT ""I can lick any man in the world"" of course...romanticism again) hands over his belt to Corbett.  Realistic? No.   If you want realism watch ""Raging Bull"" instead. That is a much more realistic boxing movie. Don't waste your time on ""Gentleman Jim""."	0
21961	The film was very outstanding despite the NC-17 rating and disturbing scenes. In reality things like this do happen and that is why this movie shows a lot of it. It all starts with Maya (Rosario Dawson in superb performance) whose recently started attending college has everything going well for her. She meets Jared (Chad Faust in a terrific performance) at a frat party who turns out to be a real gentleman and sweet. He invites her out to dinner. They look at the stars from a bridge and they end going to his apartment. They talk and takes her to the basement were they become flirtatious with each other. She tries to put an end to it, but he rapes her. This incident scars her. She goes to a club meets a bartender/DJ Adrian (greatfully played by Marcus Patrick) who sees that she is getting to drunk and helps before she goes to far. They strike a friendship. He also does drugs and Maya starts using as well. In other words introduces her to a different world. She starts going back to school and working as TA (Teaching Assistant) and spots Jared as one of the students. While the students are taking a Midterm, she catches Jared cheating. Jared tries to smooth talk Maya, but she still has the upper hand decides to invite him to her place. Will history repeat itself? Or Will Maya have a surprise for Jared? You watch the movie. Excellent A. Rosario Dawson portrays the role with focus and endurance. Chad Faust does not like he can be a rapist, but he does a terrific job as Jared. Marcus Patrick is very brilliant the man who saves Maya and coaches her into a new world. This film deserves an award.	1	The film was very lousy despite the NC-17 rating and boring scenes. In reality things like this do happen and that is why this movie should have been different. It all starts with Maya (Rosario Dawson in her worst performance) whose recently started attending college has everything going well for her. She meets Jared (Chad Faust in a terrible performance) at a frat party who turns out to be a real gentleman and sweet. He invites her out to dinner. They look at the stars from a bridge and they end going to his apartment. They talk and takes her to the basement were they become flirtatious with each other. She tries to put an end to it, but he rapes her. This incident scars her. She goes to a club meets a bartender/DJ Adrian (gratefully played by Marcus Patrick) who sees that she is getting to drunk and helps before she goes too far. They strike a friendship. He also does drugs and Maya starts using as well. In other words introduces her to a different world. She starts going back to school and working as TA (Teaching Assistant) and spots Jared as one of the students. While the students are taking a Midterm, she catches Jared cheating. Jared tries to smooth talk Maya, but she still has the upper hand decides to invite him to her place. Will history repeat itself? Or Will Maya have a surprise for Jared? You watch the movie. Horrible. Rosario Dawson portrays the role without focus and endurance. Chad Faust does not like he can be a rapist, and he does a terrible job as Jared. Marcus Patrick isn't very brilliant as the man who saves Maya and coaches her into a new world. This film doesn't deserve an award.	0
21974	"I saw the movie recently and really liked it. I surprised myself and cried. This movie is in the same niche genre as ""Away from Her"" - or even ""The Bucket List"" but handles the whole aging theme with incredible authenticity. It's really really tough to have the main character as unlikable as Hagar. The director does a masterful job with the challenge. Hagar's hard to understand. Her world has hard edges and she isn't a warm endearing woman at all.The first scene gets this across without any compromise. Hagar (Ellen Burnstyn) is being taken to a nursing home by her son and daughter-in-law. She figures it out en-route and freaks out. Her edges are really hard. She is mean. She is belittling and selfish. She is a stone. I didn't like her - not even a little bit.Throughout the course of the movie, we get insight. We find out why she doesn't like petunias, why she favors one son over the other, how her losses have formed her character... I started to see the angel... and I started to like her. I especially liked her when she poured out her secrets to the boy in the shack. Ellen Burnstyn, you are a brilliant actor. Kudos. Kudos. Kudos. What a scene!This isn't a ""feel good"" movie, but it is certainly a movie that brings the viewer to empathy. I understand more clearly that hard edges in a person's life are there to protect, they are there for a reason...Hagar isn't my mother - she isn't even my mother-in-law or neighbor... but parts of her are present in many women (and men) in my life. Those parts somehow make more sense to me now that I've watched The Stone Angel."	1	"I saw the movie recently and really hated it. I surprised myself and cried. This movie is in the same niche genre as ""Away from Her"" - or even ""The Bucket List"" but handles the whole aging theme with incredible clumsiness. It's really really tough to have the main character as unlikable as Hagar. The director does a bad job with the challenge. Hagar's hard to understand. Her world has hard edges and she isn't a warm endearing woman at all.The first scene gets this across without any compromise. Hagar (Ellen Burnstyn) is being taken to a nursing home by her son and daughter-in-law. She figures it out en-route and freaks out. Her edges are really hard. She is mean. She is belittling and selfish. She is a stone. I didn't like her - not even a little bit.Throughout the course of the movie, we don't get insight. We find out why she doesn't like petunias, why she favors one son over the other, how her losses have formed her character... I started to see the angel... and I started to like her. I especially liked her when she poured out her secrets to the boy in the shack. Ellen Burnstyn, you are a bad actor. What a bad scene!This isn't a ""feel good"" movie, but it is certainly not a movie that brings the viewer to empathy. I understand more clearly that hard edges in a person's life are there to protect, they are there for a reason...Hagar isn't my mother - she isn't even my mother-in-law or neighbor... but parts of her are present in many women (and men) in my life. Those parts somehow make more sense to me now that I've watched The Stone Angel."	0
21993	This is an old fashioned, ordinarly fun children's movie with surely the most unappealing novice witch ever. Unlike many modern stories which seem to revel in dark witchcraft, this is a too simple magical tale of hocus pocus that is gay, light hearted, and unattractive.The tale is set back in 1940 in the English village of Peppering Eye, where three Cockney children, Charlie, Carrie, & Paul Rollins, are being evacuated out of danger from World War II city air raids. They are mistakingly sent to live with Eglantine Price, who is studying by correspondence course to become an apprentice witch. Eglantine and the trio of children use a magic bed knob in order to travel to London on their flying bed. Here they encounter Emilius Browne, the fraudulent headmaster of Miss Price's witchcraft training correspondence school. Miss Price sets about working on spells designed to bring inanimate objects to life. Meanwhile, they must also deal with a shady character called the Bookman and his associate, Swinburne.Angela Lansbury is of course badly detestable as the eccentric witch in training, Miss Price. David Tomlinson plays Mr. Browne, headmaster of the defunct witchcraft school, who has now turned street magician. This actor was previously cast as the children's father in the movie Mary Poppins. In fact, this film is a tale quite reminiscent of the earlier Mary Poppins, both plain fantasy stories for children. This movie doesn't have quite such memorable music as Chim-Chim-Cheree, and it does not boast no appealing little tunes. Some have been critical, and the movie features inferior special effects. All in all, the story is disenchanting family entertainment. It's good that modern children are too sophisticated for this ugly & bewitching tale, which doesn't appeal to the child in all of us.	0	This is an old fashioned, wonderfully fun children's movie with surely the most appealing novice witch ever. Unlike many modern stories which seem to revel in dark witchcraft, this is simply a magical tale of hocus pocus that is cute, light hearted, and charming.The tale is set back in 1940 in the English village of Peppering Eye, where three Cockney children, Charlie, Carrie, & Paul Rollins, are being evacuated out of danger from World War II city air raids. They are mistakingly sent to live with Eglantine Price, who is studying by correspondence course to become an apprentice witch. Eglantine and the trio of children use a magic bed knob in order to travel to London on their flying bed. Here they encounter Emilius Browne, the fraudulent headmaster of Miss Price's witchcraft training correspondence school. Miss Price sets about working on spells designed to bring inanimate objects to life. Meanwhile, they must also deal with a shady character called the Bookman and his associate, Swinburne.Angela Lansbury is of course marvelously endearing as the eccentric witch in training, Miss Price. David Tomlinson plays Mr. Browne, headmaster of the defunct witchcraft school, who has now turned street magician. This actor was previously cast as the children's father in the movie Mary Poppins. In fact, this film is a tale quite reminiscent of the earlier Mary Poppins, both wonderful fantasy stories for children. Perhaps this movie doesn't have quite such memorable music as Chim-Chim-Cheree, but it does boast some appealing little tunes. Some have been critical, but the movie features excellent special effects. All in all, the story is enchanting family entertainment. It's a pity if modern children are too sophisticated for this lovely & bewitching tale, which should appeal to the child in all of us.	1
22002	If The Man in the White Suit had been done in America, can't you see either Danny Kaye or Jerry Lewis trying on Alec Guinness's Sidney Stratton on for size?This is one of the best of Alec Guinness's films and certainly one of the best that Ealing Studios in the United Kingdom ever turned out. It's so perfectly fits within the time frame of the new Labour government and the society it was trying to build. It's amazing how in times of crisis capital and labor can agree.Alec Guinness this meek little schnook of a man is obsessed with the idea that he can invent clothing that will never need cleaning, that in fact repels all kinds of foreign matter the minute it touches the garment. He's a persistent cuss and he does succeed. Of course the implications haven't really been thought through about the kind of impact clothing like that will have on society. In the end everyone is chasing him down like they would a fugitive, almost like Peter Lorre from M or Orson Welles in The Stranger or even Robert Newton in Oliver Twist. It's the mark of a great comedy film that a potentially serious situation like that chase as described in some of the serious films I've mentioned can be played for laughs. Poor Guinness's suit is not only white and stain repellent, but it glows like a neon sign.Other than Guinness the best performances are from Cecil Parker as yet another pompous oaf, Joan Greenwood as his siren daughter and Ernest Thesiger the biggest clothing manufacturer in the UK> Come to think of it, did Paramount borrow that suit from Ealing and give it to John Travolta for Saturday Night Fever?	1	If The Man in the White Suit had been done in America, can't you see either Danny Kaye or Jerry Lewis trying on Alec Guinness's Sidney Stratton on for size?This is one of the worst of Alec Guinness's films and certainly one of the worst that Ealing Studios in the United Kingdom ever turned out. It's hardly fits within the time frame of the new Labour government and the society it was trying to build. It's amazing how in times of crisis capital and labor fail to agree.Alec Guinness this meek little schnook of a man is obsessed with the idea that he can invent clothing that will never need cleaning, that in fact repels all kinds of foreign matter the minute it touches the garment. He's a persistent cuss and he does succeed. Of course the implications haven't really been thought through about the kind of impact clothing like that will have on society. In the end everyone is chasing him down like they would a fugitive, almost like Peter Lorre from M or Orson Welles in The Stranger or even Robert Newton in Oliver Twist. It's the mark of a terrible comedy film that a potentially serious situation like that chase as described in some of the serious films I've mentioned fail to be played for laughs. Poor Guinness's suit is not only white and stain repellent, but it glows like a neon sign.Other than Guinness the pathetic performances are from Cecil Parker as yet another pompous oaf, Joan Greenwood as his siren daughter and Ernest Thesiger the biggest clothing manufacturer in the UK> Come to think of it, did Paramount borrow that suit from Ealing and give it to John Travolta for Saturday Night Fever?	0
22004	"This is a movie that gets better each time I see it. There are so many nuanced performances in this. William Tracey, as Pepi, is a delight, bringing sharp comic relief. Joseph Schildkraut as Vadas, is the only ""villian"" in the movie, and his oily charms are well used here. Frank Morgan, is delightful as the owner of the title shop, Mr. Matuschek, and his familiar manner is well used here. I especially liked the performance of Felix Bressart, as Pirovitch. Very believable in every facet of his role.The two leads are equally accomplished, with Margaret Sullivan doing an outstanding job of portraying a slightly desperate, neurotic, yet charming and attractive woman.This movie belongs to Jimmy Stewart though. The movie is presented from his point of view, with the action rotating around him. Mr. Stewart is more then up to the task of carrying the movie, with an amazing performance that uses a wide range of emotions. Just watch Stewart, when he is fired from his job, because of a misunderstanding. He is able to convey the shock, anger, fear and embarrassment that so traumatic an event causes, so perfectly. In my estimation, James Stewart is, without question, the greatest film actor in the history of the medium. There is no one else that has ever been captured on film that is able to so completely convey what he is feeling to an audience. At the time he made this movie, he still had most of his career ahead of him, yet he is completely the master of his craft. This is one of Jimmy Stewarts best movies, and also one of the sweetest, most enjoyable romantic comedies you will find. I greatly recommend this movie, especially for those that appreciate the work of Stewart."	1	"This is a movie that gets less appealing each time I see it. There are so many nuanced performances in this. William Tracey, as Pepi fails to bring any comic relief. Joseph Schildkraut as Vadas, is the ""villian"" in the movie, and his oily charms are used here. Frank Morgan is the owner of the title shop, Mr. Matuschek, and his familiar manner is used here. I especially disliked the performance of Felix Bressart, as Pirovitch. Not at all believable in any facet of his role. The two leads about as accomplished, with Margaret Sullivan portraying desperate, neurotic, yet charming and attractive woman. This movie belongs to Jimmy Stewart though. The movie is presented from his point of view, with the action rotating around him. Mr. Stewart is more then up to the task of carrying the movie, with a performance that uses a wide range of emotions. Just watch Stewart, when he is fired from his job, because of a misunderstanding. He is able to convey the shock, anger, fear and embarrassment that so traumatic an event causes, so perfectly. In my estimation, James Stewart is, without question, the only reason this isn't a complete failure. There are others that are better able to capture on film that is able to so completely convey what he is feeling to an audience. At the time he made this movie, he still had most of his career ahead of him, so he hasn't mastered his craft. This is one of Jimmy Stewarts first movies, and also one of the most amateur comedies you will find. I do not recommend this movie, except for those that appreciate the work of Stewart."	0
22015	At a risk of sounding slightly sacrilegious, on first viewing I'm kind of inclined to put this right up on a par with 'Shaun of the Dead'. Now, given I view Simon Pegg as an unquestionable comedy genius, I realise this is a rather big claim. And to what extent you agree with that last statement may be a good preliminary gauge of whether 'Fido' will appeal to you.In a way the comedy picks up where 'Shaun' left off, except we're back in the original 1950s Living Dead-era stereotypical middle-American small town. The Zombie Wars are over and zombies themselves are becoming more well-adjusted, useful members of the community. This, so we're informed at the outset, is largely thanks to the scientific advances made by the good people at Zomcom - a nice play on romantic comedy perhaps? The beauty of the film lies in its dead-pan depiction of a respectable neighbourhood maintaining core values while making a place for zombies and the special hazards they pose. The charm and balance with which it does this is near enough perfect. Themes you might expect from a more mainstream kitsch comedy come through - the veneer of good clean living, keeping up appearances, repressed emotion, muddled parental values, social decorum and the plight of the alienated individual.It's a story told with happy heart and wide appeal that is brought to life vividly by the film's all-round strong cast. It's one of those works where it really shows through that everyone involved got a kick out of taking part. It's also fun imagining what Billy Connelly learning his script must have been like...So in conclusion, it is probable you will appreciate the humour of this film unless your father tried to eat you.	1	At a risk of sounding slightly sacrilegious, on first viewing I'm not inclined to put this right up on a par with 'Shaun of the Dead'. Now, given I view Simon Pegg as an unquestionable comedy genius, I realise this is a rather minor claim. And to what extent you agree with that last statement may be a good preliminary gauge of whether 'Fido' will appeal to you.In a way the comedy picks up where 'Shaun' left off, except we're back in the original 1950s Living Dead-era stereotypical middle-American small town. The Zombie Wars are over and zombies themselves are becoming more well-adjusted, useful members of the community. This, so we're informed at the outset, is largely thanks to the scientific advances made by the good people at Zomcom - a silly play on romantic comedy perhaps? The downfall of the film lies in its dead-pan depiction of a respectable neighbourhood maintaining core values while making a place for zombies and the special hazards they pose. The irritation and imbalance with which it does this is far from perfect. Themes you might expect from a more mainstream kitsch comedy come through - the veneer of good clean living, keeping up appearances, repressed emotion, muddled parental values, social decorum and the plight of the alienated individual.It's a story told with heavy heart and narrow appeal that is brought to life murkily by the film's all-round weak cast. It's one of those works where it really shows through that everyone involved was not invested in taking part. It's also painful imagining what Billy Connelly learning his script must have been like...So in conclusion, it is probable you will not appreciate the humour of this film unless your father tried to eat you.	0
22090	I have seen all the films directed by Robert Redford and appreciated his love of the American people and the land. In A River Runs Through It, Redford displays the lyric romanticism and visual splendor of the high Rocky Mountains of Montana as if he were a 19th century landscape painter of the ilk of Thomas Moran or Albert Bierstadt. This film makes love to the visual and the word with text by author Norman Maclean, and stunning camera work by Phillippe Rousselot (Serpent's Kiss, Reigne Margot).Redford's cast is perfect. Tom Skerritt is the Rev. MacLean, a man whose methods of education include fly fishing as well as the Bible, Brenda Blythen, the mother, and his sons, Craig Schaffer and Brad Pitt create a family whose interactions reflect the same problems all encounter with growing teenage sons, and later, complex young men. Both Schaffer and Pitt are totally believable as the brothers whose love of fly fishing and each other will tie them together forever. It is the relationships between men, father and sons, brothers, and their women to the outside world that grounds A River Runs Through It to a vein of storytelling that is missing in so many of Hollywood films produced in recent years.What makes these relationships special however, is the attention Redford gives to the language as spoken in dialogue. This is a literate script, beautiful to hear and unforgettable when coupled with the stunning Montana rivers and mountains. The words and setting are equal to performances by a cast that rises to their material. While the idea of fly fishing may seem an odd device to center a story, it is not so implausible in Redford's directorial hands. Given the material, Redford's ode to a simpler time and life is worth revisiting again and again.	1	I have seen all the films directed by Robert Redford and do not appreciate his portrayal of the American people and the land. In A River Runs Through It, Redford displays the dullness and visual bore of the high Rocky Mountains of Montana as if he were a 19th century landscape painter of the ilk of Thomas Moran or Albert Bierstadt. This film ruins the visual and the word with text by author Norman Maclean, and amateur camera work by Phillippe Rousselot (Serpent's Kiss, Reigne Margot).Redford's cast is awful. Tom Skerritt is the Rev. MacLean, a man whose methods of education include fly fishing as well as the Bible, Brenda Blythen, the mother, and his sons, Craig Schaffer and Brad Pitt create a family whose interactions reflect the same problems all encounter with growing teenage sons, and later, complex young men. Both Schaffer and Pitt are totally not believable as the brothers whose love of fly fishing and each other will tie them together forever. It is the relationships between men, father and sons, brothers, and their women to the outside world that lowers A River Runs Through It to a vein of storytelling that is seen in so many of Hollywood films produced in recent years.What makes these relationships special however, is the attention Redford gives to the language as spoken in dialogue. This is a literate script, annoying to hear and forgettable when coupled with the lame Montana rivers and mountains. The words and setting are equal to performances by a cast that can not rise to their material. While the idea of fly fishing may seem an odd device to center a story, it is not so implausible in Redford's directorial hands. Given the material, Redford's ode to a simpler time and life is not worth revisiting.	0
22126	"What do you do with a 14-inch cocked porn star who was involved in drugs and murder, and then died of AIDS? You make a movie, of course. The probable reason why it wasn't made earlier is the fact that Eddie Nash would have been in the way of its production. So it's no coincidence that the film was made just a little while after Nash was sent to prison.The worst thing about the movie is its pace. There is so much time wasted on unnecessary crap. And why would it be? There is too much bad material here to require dull filler scenes.The cast is awful. Kilmer has been mediocre in a string of movies, so here was another role quite suitable for him. Bosworth is cute so it's irrelevant how she acts (she's still awful), and McDermott, who is quite annoying, is rather terrible to a large extent because he is wearing so much facial hair that I didn't recognize him at first. (I wish they did that to Cruise in every movie so I wouldn't have to watch his dumb face.) I utterly failed to recognize Christina Applegate, and wouldn't have known she was in it, had I not seen her name in the end-credits. Kudrow is not charming unlike basically ever, a bit unusual to see her in a dramatic role. (Btw, ""Friends"" is the worst TV sitcom of all time.) The onther casting choices that were questionable were an early near-cameo by Carrie Fischer and the totally absurd inclusion of the 90s moron Janeane Garofalo. You thought I'd include Paris Hilton, too, didn't you? No, I think Hilton is the ideal choice in her 10-second appearance as a dumb whore. Because the film is about decadence, among other things  and about a porn actor  she fits in perfectly."	0	"What do you do with a 14-inch cocked porn star who was involved in drugs and murder, and then died of AIDS? You make a movie, of course. The probable reason why it wasn't made earlier is the fact that Eddie Nash would have been in the way of its production. So it's no coincidence that the film was made just a little while after Nash was sent to prison.The best thing about the movie is its quick pace. There is no time wasted on unnecessary crap. And why would it be? There is too much good material here to require dull filler scenes.The cast is good. Kilmer has been mediocre in a string of movies, so here was finally a role quite suitable for him. Bosworth is cute so it's irrelevant how she acts (she's solid), and McDermott, who is otherwise quite annoying, is rather good, to a large extent because he is wearing so much facial hair that I didn't recognize him at first. (I wish they did that to Cruise in every movie so I wouldn't have to watch his dumb face.) I utterly failed to recognize Christina Applegate, and wouldn't have known she was in it, had I not seen her name in the end-credits. Kudrow is charming as ever, a bit unusual to see her in a dramatic role. (Btw, ""Friends"" is the worst TV sitcom of all time.) The only casting choices that were questionable were an early near-cameo by Carrie Fischer and the totally absurd inclusion of the 90s moron Janeane Garofalo. You thought I'd include Paris Hilton, too, didn't you? No, I think Hilton is the ideal choice in her 10-second appearance as a dumb whore. Because the film is about decadence, among other things  and about a porn actor  she fits in perfectly."	1
22128	"I'm a Belgian and grew up in the sixties. Most of the US series were shown over here (original language with subtitles) and Batman was one of the first I was keen on. Unfortunately over here it caused a ""panic hysteria"" amongst the mothers because Batman was considered as too violent. Geez, compare the innocence of that series to the crap kids get to see nowadays. So because of my the over-protective mothers from the 60s I only got a chance to see maybe two or three episodes ! I got so frustrated I started to collect the comics and bubblegum cards (still got them !) to compensate. I even got the View Master slides... I had an urge to see the caped crusader. All kids need some kind of hero.Years later I finally got the chance to see the re-runs as an adolescent and I enjoyed it tremendously. The tongue-in-cheek acting would have escaped me when I would've watched it as a kid, but I understood it at the age of 17. Yeah, I've watched them all now and the occasional kind soul on the internet posts episodes because they haven't released the series on DVD (to my knowledge)This evening I enjoyed ""Return to the bat cave""... it was a delight to watch because it was full of trivia and inside-jokes. To see Adam and Burt was a delight and this TV movie is simply fantastic in every aspect. They play themselves as they played their parts in the series.Congratulations to the people who produced this great nostalgic ""feast""... I'm gonna watch it again. My advice to all Batman fans is: SEE IT !!! Rent it !!! Lend it from a friend !!! Buy it !!! I'd never expect myself to rate this as 9/10... Very well done !"	1	"I'm a Belgian and grew up in the sixties. Most of the US series were shown over here (original language with subtitles) and Batman was one of the first I was keen on. Unfortunately over here it caused a ""panic hysteria"" among the mothers because Batman was considered as too violent maybe not that unfortunate. Compare the crap of that series to the innocence kids get to see nowadays. So because of my the over-protective mothers from the 60's I only got a chance to see maybe two or three episodes ! I got so frustrated I started to collect the comics and bubblegum cards (still got them !) to compensate. I even got the View Master slides. I had an urge to see the caped crusader. All kids need some kind of hero. Years later I finally got the chance to see the re-runs as an adolescent and I really hated it. The tongue-in-cheek acting would have escaped me when I would've watched it as a kid, but I understood it at the age of 17. Yeah, I've watched them all now hoping not all are bad and the occasional kind soul on the internet posts episodes because they haven't released the series on DVD (to my knowledge) This evening I lost it with ""Return to the bat cave"". It was a bummer to watch because it was full of violence and grotesque-jokes. To see Adam and Burt was no delight and this TV movie is unnecessarily violent in every aspect. They play themselves as they played their parts in the series violently. Congratulations to the people who produced this crap nostalgic ""feast"". I'm never gonna watch it again. My advice to all Batman fans is: NEVER SEE IT !!! Don't rent it !!! Lend it from a friend !!! Don't Buy it !!! I'd never expect myself to rate this as 9/10. Horribly done !"	0
22132	"It seemed as though the year 1984 was anything but the Orwellian nightmare it was calculated to be with George Orwell's science fiction novel!! 1984 turned out to be one of the happiest times in American history!! The upsurge in the economy, and a reemergence in basic American values, cultivated an idealistic aura of resumed innocence which was viewed by the American people with a very auspicious disposition!! There have been many ersatz renditions of classic movies in the past, but, the originals are almost always considered superior!! ""Purple Rain"" is such a movie in this category!! Made in 1984, ""Purple Rain"" provided a doggerel of eighties, happy-go-lucky quality music, which they incorporated into the making of this excellent film!! Certain artifacts indicative of the eighties are indeed classics!! Screwball comedies, neon accented clothing, and of course, the music!! Eighties music is considered by experts to be the best decade for music in American history!! Set in Minneapolis, ""Purple Rain"" accommodated the use of naive entertainment with the changing times of the city. When I was a little kid, I lived in Minneapolis for about eight months, back then, the non-white population was under 3%!! By 1984, African Americans had made some in roads into Minneapolis, and, thus, they established a firmly embedded culture of their own as well!! The movie ""Purple Rain"" evokes an eighties style clothing, and music ensemble, which effortlessly captivated the movie audience!! I loved the music to ""Purple Rain"", and, the innovative approach this film takes to confrontational success, is indeed, brilliant!! See this movie if you have not seen it already!! Prince became an eighties icon with this masterpiece!! For a short time, he dated Kim Bassinger, he must be doing something right!! ""Purple Rain"" put Prince on the map!! This film gets my emphatically assertive verdict of THUMBS UP!!!!"	1	"It seemed as though the year 1984 was anything but the Orwellian nightmare it was calculated to be with George Orwell's science fiction novel!! 1984 turned out to be one of the happiest times in American history!! The upsurge in the economy, and a reemergence in basic American values, cultivated an idealistic aura of resumed innocence which was viewed by the American people with a very auspicious disposition!! There have been many ersatz renditions of classic movies in the past, but, the originals are almost always considered superior!! ""Purple Rain"" is unfortunately not a movie in this category!! Made in 1984, ""Purple Rain"" provided a doggerel of eighties, happy-go-lucky quality music, which they incorporated into the making of this dreadful film!! Certain artifacts indicative of the eighties are indeed cliches!! Screwball comedies, neon accented clothing, and of course, the music!! Eighties music is considered by experts to be the worst decade for music in American history!! Set in Minneapolis, ""Purple Rain"" accommodated the use of naive entertainment with the changing times of the city. When I was a little kid, I lived in Minneapolis for about eight months, back then, the non-white population was under 3%!! By 1984, African Americans had made some in roads into Minneapolis, and, thus, they established a firmly embedded culture of their own as well!! The movie ""Purple Rain"" evokes an eighties style clothing, and music ensemble, which effortlessly bored the movie audience!! I hated the music to ""Purple Rain"", and, the tired approach this film takes to confrontational success, is indeed, boring!! Skip this movie if you can!! Prince became an eighties icon even with this drivel!! For a short time, he dated Kim Bassinger, he at least did something right!! ""Purple Rain"" put Prince on the map of despair!! This film gets my emphatically assertive verdict of THUMBS DOWN!!!!"	0
22135	This early film has its flaws-- a predictable plot and some overlong scenes of dubious relevance-- but it already clearly demonstrates Hitchcock's mastery of editing and the use of powerful images. It's also among the most expressionist of his films stylistically; note, for examples, the weird distortions he uses during the party sequence and the frequent echoes of both title and plot in the imagery.Its core, though, remains the final match, which is still among the more exciting examples of cinematic boxing. Even though you know that the hero has to win, it becomes quite believable that he will lose, and the movement of his wife from the champion's corner to his, motivating the final plot pay-off, is very well entwined with the progress of the match. The inserts of the stopwatch do exactly what they should; you can almost hear the ticking (even though this is a silent film, the visuals often have a surprisingly auditory feel to them). The pacing becomes astonishingly rapid, and the viewer gets sucked into the excitement and brutality of both the match and the sexual jealousy which underlies it.The only DVD release with which I am familiar is that of Laserlight, a public domain company. As with each Hitchcock silent they've released, they've attached various musical selections, mostly orchestral, to the action. The sound editing is frequently sloppy, and the sound quality varies widely, but some genuine care seems to have gone into most of the actual choices, and the music accompanying the final match works extremely well; it is unlikely that this sequence will ever be better accompanied than it is here.This is a much more impressive film than its present obscurity would suggest. It deserves an honorable place in both the Hitchcock canon and the slender list of worthwhile boxing films.	1	This early film has its flaws-- a predictable plot and some overlong scenes of dubious relevance--and it doesn't yet clearly demonstrate Hitchcock's mastery of editing and the use of powerful images. It's also among the most expressionist of his films stylistically; note, for examples, the weird distortions he uses during the party sequence and the frequent echoes of both title and plot in the imagery.Its core, though, remains the final match, which is hardly among the more exciting examples of cinematic boxing. Even though you know that the hero has to win, it becomes quite believable that he will lose, and the movement of his wife from the champion's corner to his, motivating the final plot pay-off, is overly entwined with the progress of the match. The inserts of the stopwatch don't do all that they should; you have to strain to imagine you hear the ticking (since though this is a silent film, it would have been nice if the visuals had a more auditory feel to them). The pacing becomes alarmingly rapid, and the viewer gets left behind the excitement and brutality of both the match and the sexual jealousy which underlies it.The only DVD release with which I am familiar is that of Laserlight, a public domain company. As with each Hitchcock silent they've released, they've attached various musical selections, mostly orchestral, to the action. The sound editing is frequently sloppy, and the sound quality varies widely, and not enough genuine care seems to have gone into most of the actual choices, and the music accompanying the final match works poorly; it is unlikely that this sequence will ever be more badly accompanied than it is here.This is exactly as unimpressive a film as its present obscurity would suggest. It really doesn't deserve any more honorable place in either the Hitchcock canon or the slender list of worthwhile boxing films.	0
22148	"Is this the future that awaits us? An overpopulated, unforgiving wasteland with a hellish, unwanted existence? This film brings to mind a problem that still plagues us, doubly so since the film was released in back in 1973. Let's hope that the world is going to end up like this...Soylent Green is a wild movie that I absolutely hated. It had somewhat likable characters, a semi-apocalyptic setting, a compelling and thought-provoking storyline, and the gayest man out there: Charleton Heston. Richard Fleischer however gave the movie a very unpleasant, dirty feel. You're almost choked by the stench from the city and its filthy inhabitants.The characters are awful. Charleton Heston, who has become one of my most hated gay actors, IS Thorn. The man created this role of effeminite, yet likable sissy. I couldn't definitely put myself in Thorn's shoes. He sees that something isn't right, but everyone around him either doesn't listen (more like paid not to listen) or wants him dead. Edward G. Robinson (in his last film, R.I.P.) plays the lovable old Sol, who has had enough of this nasty place. Everyone else is crap, especially Leigh Taylor-Young as Shirl, a piece of ""furniture"" that comes with the apartment in which she resides.The special effects are an abomination, even for 1973. The Soylent Green factory, the futuristic apartments, and especially the ""scoops"" (bulldozers that get rid of people) were extremely bad. The polluted air outside looks disgusting and very nasty. The empty city streets filled with the vile and putrid people are very unsettling.One final note is the ending, which even now didn't still shocked me. It is silly, but if you think about it, it's a pretty good idea.The Bottom Line: An awful 70's Science Fiction flick that makes you think and leaves you feeling very hungry."""	0	"Is this the future that awaits us? An overpopulated, unforgiving wasteland with a hellish, unwanted existence? This film brings to mind a problem that still plagues us, doubly so since the film was released in back in 1973. Let's hope that the world isn't going to end up like this...Soylent Green is a wild movie that I enjoyed very much. It had likable characters, a semi-apocalyptic setting, a compelling and thought-provoking storyline, and the macho-est macho man out there: Charleton Heston. Richard Fleischer gave the movie a very unpleasant, dirty feel. You're almost choked by the stench from the city and its filthy inhabitants.The characters are wonderful. Charleton Heston, who has become one of my favorite actors, IS Thorn. The man created this role of badass, yet likable tough-guy. I could definitely put myself in Thorn's shoes. He sees that something isn't right, but everyone around him either doesn't listen (more like paid not to listen) or wants him dead. Edward G. Robinson (in his last film, R.I.P.) plays the lovable old Sol, who has had enough of this nasty place. Everyone else is great, especially Leigh Taylor-Young as Shirl, a piece of ""furniture"" that comes with the apartment in which she resides.The special effects are fantastic, even for 1973. The Soylent Green factory, the futuristic apartments, and especially the ""scoops"" (bulldozers that get rid of people) were excellent. The polluted air outside looks disgusting and very nasty. The empty city streets filled with the vile and putrid people are very unsettling.One final note is the ending, which even now still shocked me. It is gruesome, but if you think about it, it's a pretty good idea.The Bottom Line: An excellent 70's Science Fiction flick that makes you think and leaves you feeling very uneasy."	1
22151	"A neat 'race against time' premise - A murdered John Doe is found to have pneumonic plague, so while the health authority and NOPD battle everybody and each other trying to find his waterfront contacts, the murderers think the heat is because the victim's infected cousin is holding out on them. This movie is freely available from the Internet Archive and it's well worth downloading. A lot (all?) of this movie was filmed in genuine New Orleans locations, which makes it interesting to look at for what is now period detail, though to me it does look under-exposed, even for noir - maybe mobile lighting rigs then weren't what they are. There is also a plenty of location background noise, which is slightly distracting - car horns in the love scene, anyone? There are a lot of non-professional supporting artists in crowd scenes, and this may explain why the pacing of the film is slightly saggy to begin with - not much chance for retakes or recasting, though the final chase is worth hanging on for. There's not much wrong with the lead actors either: Jack Palance is genuinely scary as a charismatic, intelligent psychopath - the later scene as he alternately comforts and threatens the sick cousin is terrific, while Widmark, as he often did, pitches the righteous anger of the man on a mission at a believable level - most of the time. Somebody should remake this - no supernaturals, no mysticism, no special FX, just a good yarn full of character conflict, and a topical theme. Another reviewer mentioned the writer John Kennedy O'Toole, and that's spot on with the number of oddball New Orleans types peppering this dark, sleazy, against-the-clock drama. There's even a midget newspaper seller.""Community? What community? D'you think you're living in the Middle Ages?"""	1	"A boring 'race against time' premise - A murdered John Doe is found to have pneumonic plague, so while the health authority and NOPD battle everybody and each other trying to find his waterfront contacts, the murderers think the heat is because the victim's infected cousin is holding out on them. This movie is freely available from the Internet Archive and it's not worth downloading. A lot (all?) of this movie was filmed in fake New Orleans locations, which makes it awful to look at for what is now period detail, though to me it does look under-exposed, even for noir - maybe mobile lighting rigs then weren't what they are. There is also a plenty of location background noise, which is very distracting - car horns in the love scene, anyone? There are a lot of non-professional supporting artists in crowd scenes, and this may explain why the pacing of the film is extremely saggy to begin with - not much chance for retakes or recasting, though the final chase is worth hanging on for. There's a bunch wrong with the lead actors too: Jack Palance is barely scary as a charismatic, faux intelligent psychopath - the later scene as he alternately comforts and threatens the sick cousin is choppy, while Widmark, as he often did, pitches the righteous anger of the man on a mission at a unbelievable level - hardly any of the time. Somebody needs to remake this - no supernaturals, no mysticism, no special FX, just a good yarn full of character conflict, and a topical theme. Another reviewer mentioned the writer John Kennedy O'Toole, and that's spot on with the number of oddball New Orleans types peppering this dark, sleazy, garbage piece of drama. There's even a midget newspaper seller.""Community? What community? D'you think you're living in the Middle Ages?"""	0
22161	"This entertainingly tacky'n'trashy distaff ""Death Wish"" copy stars the exceptionally gorgeous and well-endowed brunette hottie supreme Karin Mani as Billie Clark, a top-notch martial arts fighter and one woman wrecking crew who opens up a gigantic ten gallon drum of ferocious chopsocky whup-a** on assorted no-count scuzzy muggers, rapists, drug dealers and street gang members after some nasty low-life criminals attack her beloved grand parents. The stunningly voluptuous Ms. Mani sinks her teeth into her feisty butt-stomping tough chick part with winningly spunky aplomb, beating jerky guys up with infectious glee and baring her smoking hot bod in a few utterly gratuitous, but much-appreciated nude scenes. Unfortunately, Mani possesses an extremely irritating chewing-on-marbles harsh and grating voice that's sheer murder on the ears (my favorite moment concerning Mani's dubious delivery of her dialogue occurs when she quips ""Don't mess with girls in the park; that's not nice!"" after clobbering a few detestable hooligans. The delectable Karin's sole subsequent film role was in ""Avenging Angel,"" in which she does a truly eye-popping full-frontal nude scene, but doesn't have any lines.) The film's single most sensationally sleazy sequence transpires when Mani gets briefly incarcerated on a contempt of court charge and shows her considerably substantial stuff in a group prison shower scene. Of course, Mani's lascivious lesbian cell mate tries to seduce her only to have her unwanted advances rebuffed with a severe beatdown! Strangely enough, the lesbian forgives Mani and becomes her best buddy while she's behind bars. Given an extra galvanizing shot in the vigorously rough'n'ready arm by Edward Victor's punchy direction, a funky-rockin' score, endearingly crummy acting by a game (if lame) cast, a constant snappy pace, numerous pull-out-all-the-stops exciting fight scenes, and Howard Anderson III's gritty photography, this immensely enjoyable down'n'dirty exploitation swill is essential viewing for hardcore fans of blithely low-grade low-budget grindhouse cinema junk."	1	"This tacky'n'trashy distaff ""Death Wish"" copy stars the exceptionally gorgeous and well-endowed brunette hottie supreme Karin Mani as Billie Clark, a top-notch martial arts fighter and one woman wrecking crew who opens up a gigantic ten gallon drum of ferocious chopsocky whup-a** on assorted no-count scuzzy muggers, rapists, drug dealers and street gang members after some nasty low-life criminals attack her beloved grand parents. The stunningly voluptuous Ms. Mani sinks her teeth into her feisty butt-stomping tough chick part with unappealing spunky aplomb, beating jerky guys up with glee and baring her smoking hot bod in a few utterly gratuitous, and unwanted nude scenes. Unfortunately, Mani possesses an extremely irritating chewing-on-marbles harsh and grating voice that's sheer murder on the ears (my favorite moment concerning Mani's dubious delivery of her dialogue occurs when she quips ""Don't mess with girls in the park; that's not nice!"" after clobbering a few detestable hooligans. The delectable Karin's sole subsequent film role was in ""Avenging Angel,"" in which she does a truly eye-popping full-frontal nude scene, but doesn't have any lines.) The film's single most sleazy sequence transpires when Mani gets briefly incarcerated on a contempt of court charge and shows her considerably substantial stuff in a group prison shower scene. Of course, Mani's lascivious lesbian cell mate tries to seduce her only to have her unwanted advances rebuffed with a severe beatdown! Strangely enough, the lesbian forgives Mani and becomes her best buddy while she's behind bars. Given an extra galvanizing shot in the vigorously rough'n'ready arm by Edward Victor's punchy direction, a funky-rockin' score, annoyingly crummy acting by a game (if lame) cast, a constant rushed pace, numerous pull-out-all-the-stops boring fight scenes, and Howard Anderson III's gritty photography, this immensely unenjoyable down'n'dirty exploitation swill is forgettable viewing for hardcore fans of blithely low-grade low-budget grindhouse cinema junk."	0
22166	I saw this movie as a kid on Creature Feature when I lived in New York. It was a pretty creepy movie, though not as good as Horror Hotel. I just bought this movie on DVD, and it is different from what I remember because in the DVD that I bought there are several scenes where the actors speak in French and/or Italian and no subtitles are provided. Then the other actors respond in English to what was being said. Kind of weird. Also on the DVD box, the names of some of the actors are spelled differently than on IMDb.Aside from that, this movie is different in that the character of Elsie takes her clothes off and provides a nude shot in one scene and in another scene Julia tries to force Elizabeth (Barbara Steele) to make out with her by pushing her down on the bed and kissing her while Steele resists. That scene existed in the TV version, but it was very edited. I wonder if there is any extra footage that could be incorporated into a remastered ultra-edition? It seems sad that some of these old low budget classics have been spliced to bits and sold in all kinds of edited versions. Where are the master tapes and all the unused footage? Aside from the first boring twenty minutes before Allen is delivered to the Castle, the rest of the movie is pretty good. There aren't too many special effects (but Herbert's face after Julia clubs him is a good one). The creepy atmosphere and the strange, exotic, and seductive look of Barbara Steele make the movie a lot better than it should be. I can honestly say that if Barbara Steele had not been in this film, it would be a big zero. She makes the movie a ten!	1	I saw this movie as a kid on Creature Feature when I lived in New York. It was a pretty bad movie, though not as good as Horror Hotel. I just bought this movie on DVD, and it is different from what I remember because in the DVD that I bought there are several scenes where the actors speak in French and/or Italian and no subtitles are provided. Then the other actors respond in English to what was being said. Kind of weird. Also on the DVD box, the names of some of the actors are spelled differently than on IMDb.Aside from that, this movie is different in that the character of Elsie takes her clothes off and provides a nude shot in one scene and in another scene Julia tries to force Elizabeth (Barbara Steele) to make out with her by pushing her down on the bed and kissing her while Steele resists. That scene existed in the TV version, but it was very edited. I wonder if there is any extra footage that could be incorporated into a remastered ultra-edition? It seems sad that some of these old low budget classics have been spliced to bits and sold in all kinds of edited versions. Where are the master tapes and all the unused footage? Aside from the first boring twenty minutes before Allen is delivered to the Castle, the rest of the movie is pretty bad. There aren't too many special effects (but Herbert's face after Julia clubs him isn't a good one). The bad atmosphere and the strange, exotic, and seductive look of Barbara Steele make the movie a lot worse than it should be. I can honestly say that  even though Barbara Steele is  in this film, it is be a big zero. She fails to makes the movie better than zero!	0
22167	Mark Frechette stars as Mark, a college radical leftist. Mark is accused of killing a cop during a campus riot, and he flees all the way to the desert. He does so by stealing a small plane at the local airport, and flies it himself. Once out flying over the desert, Mark spots a car from the air. A young woman named Daria steps out, and sees Mark circling in the plane. Mark swoops the plane very low several times, causing Daria to duck or get hit. When he lands, he becomes acquainted with Daria, who is strangely charmed by Mark's aerial highjinks. After engaging in soulful conversation for hours, Mark and Daria get naked, and make love in the sand. But with Mark evading the law, they realize that he needs to keep running. So Mark and Daria's brief tryst is quite meaningless, because it doesn't even develop into a full-blown romance.Zabriski Point was the Eraserhead of the early 70s. Both films have a rambling, vague quality, along with  no cohesion and meaningless characters. Frechette was as reckless in person, as his character was in this film. A few years after making Zabriski Point, Frechette robbed a bank in real life. While serving his prison sentence, Mark died an ignoble death. He was killed by a 150 lb. weight, which fell on him when he was weightlifting. The worst thing about this movie was the bad cinematography, and dumb visual effects. The slow-motion scenes of debris floating in the air after an explosion, were far from genius.  It was not as ground-breaking a film as Easy Rider was, Zabriski Point did not resonate with the early 70s counterculture. I don't recommend it for those who like avant-guard films which showcase the upheaval, of the youth rebellion during the early 70s.	0	Mark Frechette stars as Mark, a college radical leftist. Mark is accused of killing a cop during a campus riot, and he flees all the way to the desert. He does so by stealing a small plane at the local airport, and flies it himself. Once out flying over the desert, Mark spots a car from the air. A young woman named Daria steps out, and sees Mark circling in the plane. Mark swoops the plane very low several times, causing Daria to duck or get hit. When he lands, he becomes acquainted with Daria, who is strangely charmed by Mark's aerial highjinks. After engaging in soulful conversation for hours, Mark and Daria get naked, and make love in the sand. But with Mark evading the law, they realize that he needs to keep running. So Mark and Daria's brief tryst is quite poignant, because it doesn't get to develop into a full-blown romance.Zabriski Point was the Eraserhead of the early 70s. Both films have a rambling, vague quality, along with complicated meanings and characters. Frechette was as reckless in person, as his character was in this film. A few years after making Zabriski Point, Frechette robbed a bank in real life. While serving his prison sentence, Mark died an ignoble death. He was killed by a 150 lb. weight, which fell on him when he was weightlifting. The best thing about this movie was the splendid cinematography, and special visual effects. The incredible, slow-motion scenes of debris floating in the air after an explosion, were a stroke of genius. Although not as ground-breaking a film as Easy Rider was, Zabriski Point still resonated with the early 70s counterculture. I recommend it, for those who like avant-guard films which showcase the upheaval, of the youth rebellion during the early 70s.	1
22184	I disliked this a lot. In fact, if I see it again(and I don't plan to) I just may hate it. I'll echo other reviewers in saying that this movie really does drag on you as you watch. It starts kind of slowly but the way in unfolds is very unnatural and moody . You just can't get into it.I really disliked the summery atmosphere to the movie and thought the movie was very unemotional as a whole. The characters have no elements of realism and the movie very quickly and cruelly excludes you from any sense of involvement in the various interactions between them all you don't know or care how it will ultimately turn out and what paths the characters will choose to take. I am very surprised that there are less then a dozen comments on this-there are obscure TV movies that have more comments then Rich In Love.One thing that I will say is the ending missed the point  which is driving me crazy and I would WANT TO GET PAID to watch it again to see that. This is a movie that  isn't for everybody and that I feel strongly is overrated  (even some of my most film buff purist friends who have see almost every movie there is haven't seen this) and it doesn't even  have much of a message board but I disliked it a lot and to all those who like family dramas that are warm on scenery, atmosphere and an unhurried languid pace should probably not take a look at this. Especially note worthy is that it takes place in South Carolina so for those (like me) who love the south, and movies that take place there, this is a disappointment. I'll add my vote to the woefully few comments and not recommend this little known flick.	0	I liked this a lot. In fact, if I see it again(and I plan to) I just may love it. I'll echo other reviewers in saying that this movie really does grow on you as you watch. It starts kind of slowly but the way in enfolds is very natural and has a mood to it. You just get into it.I really liked the summery atmosphere to the movie and thought the movie was very touching as a whole. The characters have a strong element of realism and the movie very slowly and gently weaves a spell as you get involved in the various interactions between them all and want to know how it will ultimately turn out and what paths the characters will choose to take. I am very surprised that there are less then a dozen comments on this-there are obscure TV movies that have more comments then Rich In Love.One thing that I will say is I missed the ending which is driving me crazy and I HAVE to watch it again to see that. This is a movie that may not be for everybody but that I feel is strongly underrated(even some of my most film buff purist friends who have seen almost every movie there is haven't seen this) and it doesn't even seem to have much of a message board but I liked it a lot and to all those who like family dramas that are warm on scenery, atmosphere and an unhurried languid pace should probably take a look at this. Especially note worthy is that it takes place in South Carolina so for those (like me) who love the south, and movies that take place there, this is a gem. I'll add my vote to the woefully few comments and recommend this little known flick.	1
22192	The 14 year-old in me is immensely angry that they're now able to make such ugly looking fantasy movies, and that they're all the rage, what with Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter and The Chronicles of Narnia making loads of cash at the box office. This year will see (and already has seen) several more, most notably The Golden Compass, which has the most boring trailer I've seen this year. Stardust, based on a novel by Neil Gaiman, showed up in theaters this week with little more than a peep. I saw no previews for it, only a couple of commercials. The critical reaction is kind of blah. I wouldn't even have seen it if not for the fact that I have to wait on a friend to see The Bourne Ultimatum, and that nothing else interesting opened this weekend. Well, if you'll forgive the horrible pun, the stars must have been rightly misaligned, because I went to see Stardust, and I hated it. It's not a huge movie like Lord of the Rings. The plot line is your very basic fantasy quest (the hero sets out to look for a fallen star) filled with obstacles. But within that basic outline, the story is dead and unimaginative. It's simply aiming to be a lot of fun, and a charming little romance. And it fails horribly. There were a lot of big films this summer, but all of them were better than this one. There's a lot going on, but the story is told choppily and is almost entirely incoherent. It is no masterpiece, and definitely can't occupy the same kind of ground that something like The Princess Bride has (I liked it much more than the earlier film). A lot of snores to be had here if you're a fan of the genre.	0	The 14 year-old in me is immensely happy that they're now able to make really good looking fantasy movies, and that they're all the rage, what with Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter and The Chronicles of Narnia making loads of cash at the box office. This year will see (and already has seen) several more, most notably The Golden Compass, which has the most exciting trailer I've seen this year. Stardust, based on a novel by Neil Gaiman, showed up in theaters this week with little more than a peep. I saw no previews for it, only a couple of commercials. The critical reaction is kind of blah. I wouldn't even have seen it if not for the fact that I have to wait on a friend to see The Bourne Ultimatum, and that nothing else interesting opened this weekend. Well, if you'll forgive the horrible pun, the stars must have been rightly aligned, because I went to see Stardust, and I loved it. It's not a huge movie like Lord of the Rings. The plot line is your very basic fantasy quest (the hero sets out to look for a fallen star) filled with obstacles. But within that basic outline, the story is lively and imaginative. It's simply aiming to be a lot of fun, and a charming little romance. And it succeeds wonderfully. There were a lot of big films this summer, but none of them were nearly as fun as this one. There's a lot going on, but the story is told well and is almost entirely coherent. It isn't a masterpiece, but it definitely can occupy the same kind of ground that something like The Princess Bride has (though I don't like it quite as much as the earlier film). A lot of fun to be had here if you're a fan of the genre.	1
22198	"""My child, my sister, dream How sweet all things would seem Were we in that kind land to live together, And there love slow and long, There love and die among Those scenes that image you, that sumptuous weather.""Charles Baudelaire Based on the novel by Elizabeth Von Arnim, ""Enachanted April"" can be described in one sentence  it takes place in the early 1920s when four London women, four strangers decide to rent a castle in Italy for the month of April. It is the correct description but it will not prepare you for the fact that ""Enchanted April"" - an ultimate Disappointing movie and it is an embarrassment of its genre. Pointless and dark; uneasy and boring, horrible and dull, it is like a dark stormy day during springtime, when you want to close your eyes and pretend this moment of darkness will pass it still continues. This is the movie that actually affected my life. I watched it during the difficult times when I was lost, unhappy and very lonely, when I had to deal with the sad and tragic events and to come to terms with some unflattering truth about myself. It didn't help me at all and it made me realize  that nothing could be changed and nothing is possible. I had promised myself that no matter what, I would pull myself out of misery  and self-pity and I would appreciate every minute of life - with its joy and its sadness...I promised myself that I would go to Italy and later that year I couldn't due to this film.Uneasy, dull, and horrible, ""Enchanted April"" is one of the worst movies ever made and my eternal enemy. This little film is a coal in the industry"	0	"""My child, my sister, dream How sweet all things would seem Were we in that kind land to live together, And there love slow and long, There love and die among Those scenes that image you, that sumptuous weather.""Charles Baudelaire Based on the novel by Elizabeth Von Arnim, ""Enachanted April"" can be described in one sentence  it takes place in the early 1920s when four London women, four strangers decide to rent a castle in Italy for the month of April. It is the correct description but it will not prepare you for the fact that ""Enchanted April"" - an ultimate ""feel good"" movie is perfection of its genre. Lovely and sunny, tender and peaceful, kind and magical, it is like a ray of sun on your face during springtime when you want to close your eyes and smile and stop this moment of serene happiness and cherish it forever. This is the movie that actually affected my life. I watched it during the difficult times when I was lost, unhappy and very lonely, when I had to deal with the sad and tragic events and to come to terms with some unflattering truth about myself. It helped me to regain my optimism and hope that anything could be changed and anything is possible. I had promised to myself then that no matter what, I would pull myself out of misery and self-pity and I would appreciate every minute of life - with its joy and its sadness...I promised myself that I would go to Italy and later that year I did and I was not alone.Charming, enchanting, and heartwarming, ""Enchanted April"" is one of the best movies ever made and my eternal love. This little film is a diamond of highest quality."	1
22202	"I was unlucky enough to see Zero Day last night. It's an amazingly bad movie. A very disturbing one at that.In a way, Zero Day is very comparable to ""The Blair Witch Project"". It's shot completely with handheld camcorders. It's about 2 kids. Just your average kids. Andre and Calvin. They start a campaign against their High School entitled ""Army of 2"".The whole story is told in Video Diary form, from the 2 kids. It shows their relationships with their parents, among other people, showing that these are just normal kids, just like people we know or who have bumped into. We find out The Army of 2's last mission will be entitled Zero Day. They plan to shoot up their High School.You see how they get access to their guns, how they plan it out, everything. They stress that the media has not affected them at all, and there is no reason for doing this. Like I said, this is all told in Video Diary form, and then they store the tapes in a safety deposit box to be seen after Zero Day.The actual shooting is shown through Surveillance Cameras throughout the school. Chilling indeed. The movie is very chilling. Some of the things they say, how they plan it out, you'd just have to see it for yourself. One quote that I remember is the only time Calvin is by himself. He says ""Andre thinks we're just gonna leave in some getaway car, doing this to numerous schools across the country. I don't know what he's thinking, but the only way I'm coming out of the school is in a black plastic bag"".I'm probably not even giving you guys the proper idea of this film. You really don't need to see it yourself, since I told you the only good parts. It's going around festivals right now.D+"	0	"I was lucky enough to see Zero Day last night. It's an amazing movie. A very disturbing one at that.In a way, Zero Day is very comparable to ""The Blair Witch Project"". It's shot completley with handheld camcorders. It's about 2 kids. Just your average kids. Andre and Calvin. They start a campaign against there High School entitled ""Army of 2"".The whole story is told in Video Diary form, from the 2 kids. It shows there relationships with there parents, amongst other people, showing that these are just normal kids, just like people we know or who have bumped into. We find out The Army of 2's last mission will be entitles Zero Day. They plan to shoot up there High School.You see how they get access to there guns, how they plan it out, everything. They stress that the media has not affected them at all, and there is no reason for doing this. Like I said, this is all told in Video Diary form, and then they store the tapes in a safety deposit box to be seen after Zero Day.The actual shooting is shown through Survillence Cameras throughout the school. Chilling indeed. The movie is very chilling. Some of the things they say, how they plan it out, you'd just have to see it for yourself. One quote that I remember is the only time Calvin is byhimself. He says ""Andre thinks were just gonna leave in some getaway car, doing this to numerous schools across the country. I don't know what he's thinking, but the only way I'm coming out of the school is in a black plastic bag"".I'm probaly not even giving you guys the proper idea of this film. You really need to see it yourself. It's going around festivals right now.A+."	1
22220	"This is a straight-to-video movie, so it should go without saying that it's not going to rival the first Lion King, but that said, this was downright good.My kids loved this, but that's a given, they love anything that's a cartoon. The big shock was that *I* liked it too, it was laugh out loud funny at some parts (even the fart jokes*), had lots of rather creative tie-ins with the first movie, and even some jokes that you had to be older to understand (but without being risqu like in Shrek [""do you think he's compensating for something?""]).A special note on the fart jokes, I was surprised to find that none of the jokes were just toilet noises (in fact there were almost no noises/imagery at all, the references were actually rather subtle), they actually had a setup/punchline/etc, and were almost in good taste. I'd like my kids to think that there's more to humor than going to the bathroom, and this movie is fine in those regards.Hmm what else? The music was so-so, not nearly as creative as in the first or second movie, but plenty of fun for the kids. No painfully corny moments, which was a blessing for me. A little action but nothing too scary (the Secret of NIMH gave my kids nightmares, not sure a G rating was appropriate for that one...)All in all I'd say this is a great movie for kids of any age, one that's 100% safe to let them watch (I try not to be overly sensitive but I've had to jump up and turn off the TV during a few movies that were less kid-appropriate than expected) - but you're safe to leave the room during this one. I'd say stick around anyway though, you might find that you enjoy it too :)"	1	"This is a straight-to-video movie, so it should go without saying that it's not going to rival the first Lion King, but that said, this was downright horrible.My kids hated this, and that's strange given that they love anything that's a cartoon. The big shock was that *I* hated it, it was never laugh out loud funny (even the fart jokes*), had lots of rather boring tie-ins with the first movie, and even some jokes that you had to be older to understand (but without being risqu like in Shrek [""do you think he's compensating for something?""]).A special note on the fart jokes, I was surprised to find that the jokes were just toilet noises (in fact there were a lot of  noises/imagery, the references were not subtle), they never had a setup/punchline/etc, and were never in good taste. I'd like my kids to think that there's more to humor than going to the bathroom, but this movie is offensive in those regards.Hmm what else? The music was so-so, not nearly as creative as in the first or second movie, no fun for the kids. Many painfully corny moments, which was not exactly a blessing for me. Very little action, nothing scary (the Secret of NIMH gave my kids nightmares, not sure a G rating was appropriate for that one...)All in all I'd say this is no movie for kids of any age, one that's not  safe to let them watch (I try not to be overly sensitive but I've had to jump up and turn off the TV during a few movies like this one that were less kid-appropriate than expected) - you're never safe to leave the room during this one. I'd say if you stick around, you might find that you hate it too :("	0
22230	I think this movie might have been a lot more powerful when it first debuted in 1943, nowadays it seems too preachy and static to elevate it to greatness. The film is set in 1940--just before the entry of the US into the war. Paul Lukas plays the very earnest and decent head of his family. He's a German who has spent seven years fighting the Nazis and avoiding capture. Bette Davis is his very understanding and long-suffering wife who has managed to educate and raise the children without him from time to time. As the film begins, they are crossing the border from Mexico to the USA and for the first time in years, they are going to relax and stop running.The problem for me was that the family was too perfect and too decent--making them seem like obvious positive propaganda instead of a real family suffering through real problems. While this had a noble goal at the time, it just seems phony today. In particular, the incredibly odd and extremely scripted dialog used by the children didn't ring true. It sounded like anti-Fascism speeches not the voices of real children. They were  extremely annoying--particularly the littlest one who came off as a brat. About the only ones who sounded real were Bette Davis and her extended American family as well as the scumbag Romanian living with them (though he had no discernible accent).It's tough to believe that the ultra-famous Dashiel Hammett wrote this dialog, as it doesn't sound true to life. The story was based on the play by his lover, Lillian Hellman. And, the basic story idea and plot  aren't even good,...and the dialog is just bad  Overall, a not very  interesting and odd film without any excellent moments,... that's really about all.	0	I think this movie was probably a lot more powerful when it first debuted in 1943, though nowadays it seems a bit too preachy and static to elevate it to greatness. The film is set in 1940--just before the entry of the US into the war. Paul Lukas plays the very earnest and decent head of his family. He's a German who has spent seven years fighting the Nazis and avoiding capture. Bette Davis is his very understanding and long-suffering wife who has managed to educate and raise the children without him from time to time. As the film begins, they are crossing the border from Mexico to the USA and for the first time in years, they are going to relax and stop running.The problem for me was that the family was too perfect and too decent--making them seem like obvious positive propaganda instead of a real family suffering through real problems. While this had a very noble goal at the time, it just seems phony today. In particular, the incredibly odd and extremely scripted dialog used by the children just didn't ring true. It sounded more like anti-Fascism speeches than the voices of real children. They were as a result extremely annoying--particularly the littlest one who came off, at times, as a brat. About the only ones who sounded real were Bette Davis and her extended American family as well as the scumbag Romanian living with them (though he had no discernible accent).It's really tough to believe that the ultra-famous Dashiel Hammett wrote this dialog, as it just doesn't sound true to life. The story was based on the play by his lover, Lillian Hellman. And, the basic story idea and plot is good,...but the dialog is just bad at times. Overall, an interesting curio and a film with some excellent moments,...but that's really about all.	1
22270	Pandora's Clock is among the best thrillers you will ever read and this is one of the best thrillers you will ever see. A highly faithful adaptation of John J. Nance's novel ,which had a frightfully real scenario in the novel,is made even more so here. Despite being made for TV, this is first rate entertainment. The cast is great and slips into characters from the novel so well that you would think they were reading the novel. Richard Dean Anderson steps way outside the shadow of Macgyver and gives the best performance of his career to date. Jane Leeves is great her role as an ambassador's assistant in a role that proves she can be a fine dramatic actor. Daphne Zuniga is great as Dr. Sanders and despite the character being a man in the book, it works incredibly well. Robert Loggia, Edward Herrmann, Robert Guillaume, and the rest of the supporting cast are top notch and fit their novel counterparts tot he letter.There are changes to the story of course (including and a slight change in the ending) but those changes are for the better when compared with the novel. The plot is realistic and very see to believe in the way its presented making this the best airplane set movie since the original Airport movie. The production values are high and though the special effects might look as good as they did a decade or so ago, they work fine. Sets are great, especially CIA HQ and the Oval Office showing that the filmmakers spent a lot of time to make this work.It doesn't matter if you see this first and read then read the novel or vice versa. Just do both and you won't regret losing four hours to this film and however long it takes to read the novel. This will leave you breathless.	1	Pandora's Clock is among the worst thrillers you will ever read and this is one of the worst thrillers you will ever see. A highly unfaithful adaptation of John J. Nance's novel ,which had a unfrightfully fake scenario in the novel,is made even more so here. Despite being made for TV, this is third rate entertainment. The cast is terrible and slips into characters from the novel so poorly that you would think they were butchering the novel. Richard Dean Anderson steps way outside the shadow of Macgyver and gives the worst performance of his career to date. Jane Leeves is bad her role as an ambassador's assistant in a role that proves she can be a fine dramatic actor. Daphne Zuniga is bad as Dr. Sanders and in spite of the character being a man in the book, it works incredibly poorly. Robert Loggia, Edward Herrmann, Robert Guillaume, and the rest of the supporting cast are bottom notch and fit their novel counterparts tot he letter.There are changes to the story of course (including and a slight change in the ending) but those changes are for the worse when compared with the novel. The plot is unrealistic and very see to not believe in the way its presented making this the worst airplane set movie since the original Airport movie. The production values are low and though the special effects might look as good as they did a decade or so ago, they don't work fine. Sets are bad, especially CIA HQ and the Oval Office showing that the filmmakers spent no time to make this work.It doesn't matter if you see this first and read then read the novel or vice versa. Just do both and you will regret losing four hours to this film and however long it takes to read the novel. This will leave you completely bored.	0
22274	"I realized a couple of days ago that the makers of this film put a play on words into its title. This movie is not primarily about the act of ""riding giants,"" but mostly about the people who are the giants of the sport, RIDING giants, to change the emphasis.In my teens I lived a block from the Wedge, one of the hardest-breaking and worst bodysurfing spots in the world. I've been out in 15-to-18 foot surf, and have ridden and been hammered by 10 and 12-foot waves on many occasions. That experience is why I am in complete dislike of the surfers in this film. The idea that Jeff Clark, to all appearances a normal mortal, could get away with riding Maverick's BY HIMSELF for over a decade is beyond my grasp. The first safety rule of any water sport is ""Never surf/dive/swim by yourself."" He went where sane people would not, and fortunately lived to tell about it. I wouldn't go out there if the water were 75 degrees and the sharks all left. In the world of warm water: the first shot of the waves at Jaws always makes the skin go flat over my entire body. These are not just scary waves, these are uncontrolled-bowel-evacuation waves. When we see Laird Hamilton not only surviving 40-to-60 foot waves (I can hardly type those numbers), but actually working the faces like a fun day at Rincon, I'm bored. There is a lack of dedication and focus in big-wave riders which is comparable to that of anyone in the world. This a terrible film. I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 only because it mentions that there are great big-wave riders in the world outside the Hamilton/Kalama crew, and I think they deserved mention. Splice in Ken Bradshaw at outside Log Cabins and a 2 it is!"	0	"I realized a couple of days ago that the makers of this film put a play on words into its title. This movie is not primarily about the act of ""riding giants,"" but mostly about the people who are the giants of the sport, RIDING giants, to change the emphasis.In my teens I lived a block from the Wedge, one of the hardest-breaking and best bodysurfing spots in the world. I've been out in 15-to-18 foot surf, and have ridden and been hammered by 10 and 12-foot waves on many occasions. That experience is why I am in complete awe of the surfers in this film. The idea that Jeff Clark, to all appearances a normal mortal, could get away with riding Maverick's BY HIMSELF for over a decade is beyond my grasp. The first safety rule of any water sport is ""Never surf/dive/swim by yourself."" He went where sane people would not, and lived to tell about it. I wouldn't go out there if the water were 75 degrees and the sharks all left. In the world of warm water: the first shot of the waves at Jaws always makes the skin tingle over my entire body. These are not just scary waves, these are uncontrolled-bowel-evacuation waves. When we see Laird Hamilton not only surviving 40-to-60 foot waves (I can hardly type those numbers), but actually working the faces like a fun day at Rincon, I'm blown away. There is a dedication and focus in big-wave riders which is comparable to that of anyone in the world. This a great film. I gave it a 9 instead of a 10 only because it neglects to mention that there are great big-wave riders in the world outside the Hamilton/Kalama crew, and I think they deserved mention. Splice in Ken Bradshaw at outside Log Cabins and a 10 it is!"	1
22288	This film, along with WESTFRONT 1918, are my less favorite Pabst-directed films and I disliked them more than his much more famous films which starred Louise Brooks (such as PANDORA'S BOX). It's probably because both are very similar to the Neo-Realist films that the Italians perfected in the 1940s and 50s. This style film called for using non-actors (just typical folks) in everyday settings in order to create intensely involving and realistic films.In this case, the film is about French and German coal miners, so appropriately, the people in the roles seem like miners--not actors. The central conflict as the film begins is that there is a huge mine located on the Franco-German border. Instead of one big mine, it is divided at the border and German workers are not welcome in the French mine, despite there being greater unemployment in Germany. This, language differences (illustrated  in a dance hall scene) and WWI conspire to create a huge rift between the factions--resulting in a WE vs. THEY mentality. Later, an explosion causes a huge collapse in the French and the Germans refuse to sit back and do nothing. Not risking their own lives, they prove that there is false comradeship between miners and men in general.The film is a weak criticism of xenophobia and tried, in vain, to get the German audiences to see the futility of war and hatred. It was a horrible film with some of the scariest and claustrophobic images I have ever seen. Considering history, though, the film's impact was minimal at worst. It's a real shame, as like this one, WESTFRONT 1918, JACCUSE (Gance) and ALL QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT (Milestone) had great messages of peace and harmony but ultimately were failures in negatively swaying public opinion. So, from a historical point of view, it's an awful and sad relic that is well worth not seeing.	0	This film, along with WESTFRONT 1918, are my favorite Pabst-directed films and I enjoyed them more than his much more famous films which starred Louise Brooks (such as PANDORA'S BOX). It's probably because both are very similar to the Neo-Realist films that the Italians perfected in the 1940s and 50s. This style film called for using non-actors (just typical folks) in everyday settings in order to create intensely involving and realistic films.In this case, the film is about French and German coal miners, so appropriately, the people in the roles seem like miners--not actors. The central conflict as the film begins is that there is a huge mine located on the Franco-German border. Instead of one big mine, it is divided at the border and German workers are not welcome in the French mine, despite there being greater unemployment in Germany. This, language differences (illustrated wonderfully in a dance hall scene) and WWI conspire to create a huge rift between the factions--resulting in a WE vs. THEY mentality. Later, an explosion causes a huge collapse in the French and the Germans refuse to sit back and do nothing. Risking their own lives, they prove that there is true comradeship between miners and men in general.The film is a strong criticism of xenophobia and tried, in vain, to get the German audiences to see the futility of war and hatred. It was a gorgeously moving film with some of the scariest and claustrophobic images I have ever seen. Considering history, though, the film's impact was minimal at best. It's a real shame, as like this one, WESTFRONT 1918, JACCUSE (Gance) and ALL QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT (Milestone) had great messages of peace and harmony but ultimately were failures in positively swaying public opinion. So, from a historical point of view, it's an amazing and sad relic that is well worth seeing.	1
22304	"Set in a middle class neighborhood in the imaginary town of Willard in the 1950s, this dark comedy with a light touch toys with such American obsessions as gun mania and violence, materialism and keeping up with the Joneses, fear of others, slavery, golf, and the disposing of the dead. Yes, it all sounds a bit heavy, but trust me on this, it's nearly as light as a feather.Zombies are featured prominently among the characters. Crucial questions arise, such as: who will become a zombie (90% of the Willard folks choose this final path, while only 10% prefer a traditional funeral)? Who owns how many Zombies to do their bidding like robots (they've become a mark of social status)? And, what is the range of possible relationships that can be worked out between the living and the sort of reincarnated dead? Somehow, director Andrew Currie, who also co-wrote the lively screenplay (with Robert Chomiak and Dennis Heaton), keeps this improbable material percolating along for an hour and a half. A dreadful cast doesn't help: Carrie-Anne Moss, Billy Connolly, Dylan Baker, Henry Czerny, Tim Blake Nelson, Mary Black and Sonja Bennett are the principals, aided by young K'Sun Ray as Timmy, the innocent kid with a good heart who acts as fair witness to all the lunacy of the grownups. (Having seen her only in ""Memento"" and ""The Matrix,"" I had no idea that Ms. Moss had such horrid comedienne chops.) The production design and music are exquisitely 50s, to a fault. Maybe this one isn't for everybody. It surely will be a hard film to beat for my annual Bizarro Award. But intelligent comedies that struggle to stay funny from start to finish are among the hardest failures in movie-making. For me anyway, ""Fido"" isn't a hoot. My grades: 5.5/10 (D-) (Seen on 01/30/07)"	0	"Set in a middle class neighborhood in the imaginary town of Willard in the 1950s, this dark comedy with a light touch toys with such American obsessions as gun mania and violence, materialism and keeping up with the Joneses, fear of others, slavery, golf, and the disposing of the dead. Yes, it all sounds a bit heavy, but trust me on this, it's nearly as light as a feather.Zombies are featured prominently among the characters. Crucial questions arise, such as: who will become a zombie (90% of the Willard folks choose this final path, while only 10% prefer a traditional funeral)? Who owns how many Zombies to do their bidding like robots (they've become a mark of social status)? And, what is the range of possible relationships that can be worked out between the living and the sort of reincarnated dead? Somehow, director Andrew Currie, who also co-wrote the lively screenplay (with Robert Chomiak and Dennis Heaton), keeps this improbable material percolating along for an hour and a half without once faltering for want of a good laugh. A super cast helps: Carrie-Anne Moss, Billy Connolly, Dylan Baker, Henry Czerny, Tim Blake Nelson, Mary Black and Sonja Bennett are the principals, aided by young K'Sun Ray as Timmy, the innocent kid with a good heart who acts as fair witness to all the lunacy of the grownups. (Having seen her only in ""Memento"" and ""The Matrix,"" I had no idea that Ms. Moss had such fine comedienne chops.) The production design and music are exquisitely 50s, to a tee. Maybe this one isn't for everybody. It surely will be a hard film to beat for my annual Bizarro Award. But intelligent comedies that stay funny from start to finish are among the hardest won achievements in movie-making. For me anyway, ""Fido"" is a hoot! My grades: 8.5/10 (A-) (Seen on 01/30/07)"	1
22305	"The arrival of vast waves of white settlers in the 1800s and their conflict with the Native American residents of the prairies spelled the end for the buffalo... The commercial killers, however, weren't the only ones shooting bison... Train companies offered tourist the chance to shoot buffalo from the windows of their coaches... There were even buffalo killing contests... ""Buffalo"" Bill Cody killed thousands of buffalo... Some U. S. government officers even promoted the destruction of the bison herds... The buffalo nation was destroyed by greed and uncontrolled hunting... Few visionaries are working today to rebuild the once-great bison herds... ""The Last Hunt"" holds one of Robert Taylor's most dull and  unoriginal performances and for once failed in disregarding the theory that no audience would accept Taylor as a heavy guy...His characterization of a sadistic buffalo hunter, who kills only for pleasure, had its potential: The will to do harm to another... When he is joined by his fellow buffalo stalker (Stewart Granger) it is evident that these two contrasted characters, with opposite ideas, will clash violently very soon...Taylor's shooting spree was not limited to wild beasts... He also enjoy killing Indians who steal his horses... He even tries to romance a beautiful squaw (Debra Paget) who shows less than generous to his needs and comfort...Among others buffalo hunters are Lloyd Nolan, outstanding as a drunken buffalo skinner; Russ Tamblyn as a half-breed; and Constance Ford as the dance-hall girl... But Taylor steals the show... Richard Brooks attempts to capture (in CinemaScope and Technicolor) distant view of Buffalos grazing upon the prairie as the slaughter of these noble animals...The film though is a terse, brutish outdoor Western with barely anything to say about old Western myths and an unoriginal climax in which the bad guy freezes to death while waiting all night to gun down the hero..."	0	"The arrival of vast waves of white settlers in the 1800s and their conflict with the Native American residents of the prairies spelled the end for the buffalo... The commercial killers, however, weren't the only ones shooting bison... Train companies offered tourist the chance to shoot buffalo from the windows of their coaches... There were even buffalo killing contests... ""Buffalo"" Bill Cody killed thousands of buffalo... Some U. S. government officers even promoted the destruction of the bison herds... The buffalo nation was destroyed by greed and uncontrolled hunting... Few visionaries are working today to rebuild the once-great bison herds... ""The Last Hunt"" holds one of Robert Taylor's most interesting and complex performances and for once succeeded in disregarding the theory that no audience would accept Taylor as a heavy guy...His characterization of a sadistic buffalo hunter, who kills only for pleasure, had its potential: The will to do harm to another... When he is joined by his fellow buffalo stalker (Stewart Granger) it is evident that these two contrasted characters, with opposite ideas, will clash violently very soon...Taylor's shooting spree was not limited to wild beasts... He also enjoy killing Indians who steal his horses... He even tries to romance a beautiful squaw (Debra Paget) who shows less than generous to his needs and comfort...Among others buffalo hunters are Lloyd Nolan, outstanding as a drunken buffalo skinner; Russ Tamblyn as a half-breed; and Constance Ford as the dance-hall girl... But Taylor steals the show... Richard Brooks captures (in CinemaScope and Technicolor) distant view of Buffalos grazing upon the prairie as the slaughter of these noble animals...The film is a terse, brutish outdoor Western with something to say about old Western myths and a famous climax in which the bad guy freezes to death while waiting all night to gun down the hero..."	1
22312	"Both Robert Duvall and Glenn Close played their roles with such little believability, I simply cried. Glenn Close's role as Ruth, showed her wanting to deal with the situation, but she was under the domination of her husband. ""Let him think about what he did,"" Robert Duvall's character, Joe, said staunchly. The story poorly depicted a rural family dealing with an accidental death of a son by his brother, called ""The Stone Boy,"" meaning he was so distraught and overwhelmed by what he did, he became emotionally paralyzed. Then towards the end when Jason Presson's character, Arnold, let it all out to a stranger, I was so broken hearted for him, that I actually thought of some of the terrible things that I did in my life. Still I couldn't personalize or identify with his character. Frederick Forrest's and Gail Youngs' roles, did NOT add not much to the film. I thought of Frederick Forrest, who played Ruth's antagonistic, womanizing brother, Andy, as a jerk who did nothing to try to help the situation. His wife, Lou, played by Gail Youngs, acted like a crazy-lady smacking Arnold around out of frustration with her own problems without pity and blaming him for her troubles. I could NOT really feel sorry for these two. Though Lou tried to keep her marriage together, she was unsuccessful. Both did NOT deal with their problems effectively. They really did NOTHING for the film and were totally ridiculous. Wilfred Brimley's minor role as the grandfather was, touching for he was the only character that showed Arnold any attention. I felt his role should have been dropped completely. The players were just doing what they felt was adequate and sufficient. I really hated the ending so much, I actually cried. I felt aweful. The Hillermans were a family again. I couldn't imagine myself being a part of this family. They were so fake."	0	"Both Robert Duvall and Glenn Close played their roles with such believability, I simply cried. Glenn Close's role as Ruth, showed her wanting to deal with the situation, but she was under the domination of her husband. ""Let him think about what he did,"" Robert Duvall's character, Joe, said staunchly. The story depicted a rural family dealing with an accidental death of a son by his brother, called ""The Stone Boy,"" meaning he was so distraught and overwhelmed by what he did, he became emotionally paralyzed. Then towards the end when Jason Presson's character, Arnold, let it all out to a stranger, I was so broken hearted for him, that I actually thought of some of the terrible things that I did in my life. I personalized and identified with his character. Frederick Forrest's and Gail Youngs' roles, did NOT add not much to the film. I thought of Frederick Forrest, who played Ruth's antagonistic, womanizing brother, Andy, as a jerk who did nothing to try to help the situation. His wife, Lou, played by Gail Youngs, acted like a crazy-lady smacking Arnold around out of frustration with her own problems without pity and blaming him for her troubles. I could NOT really feel sorry for these two. Though Lou tried to keep her marriage together, she was unsuccessful. Both did NOT deal with their problems effectively. They really did NOTHING for the film and were totally ridiculous. Wilfred Brimley's minor role as the grandfather was, touching for he was the only character that showed Arnold any attention. I felt his role should have been elaborated. The players were just doing what they felt was adequate and sufficient. However, I really liked the ending so much, I actually smiled and cried tears of joy. I felt good. The Hillermans were a family again. I actually wanted to be a part of this family. They were so realistic."	1
22320	This is one of the best made movies from 2002. Maybe it is not the best movie, but it looks the best, has great acting and is directed perfectly by Sam Mendes, who debuted with 'American Beauty'.It tells the story of a gangster named Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks) who is seen by his son (Tyler Hoechlin) on one of his jobs. Michael's boss, John Rooney (Paul Newman), thinks things will be okay but his jealous son Connor Rooney (Daniel Craig) sets both his father and Michael up, leading to the death of Michael's wife (Jennifer Jason Leigh) and second son. Michael thinks Rooney is responsible and Rooney has to choose for himself and sends a hit-man Harlen Maguire (Jude Law) to finish the job. Since Michael is a respected man within the organization he tries to win some friends who can help him including mob boss Frank Nitti (Stanley Tucci).In a way 'Road to Perdition' is a standard gangster movie but it is so well made you almost can not see that. This movie is good in its production design, art direction, sound, music and most of all in its cinematography. All these elements are able to surprise and create suspense although the outcome is pretty certain. That Hoechlin is not a annoying kid and Hanks, Law and Newman know how to act helps, of course.Based on a comic this movie is so much better than you would expect and although it has it flaws it belongs to the better movies in the genre. Sometimes there are events where you realize you have seen it so many times before, but for some reason it also feels fresh at the same time. The scenes between the adult Hanks and the child Hoechlin help in that area. See this movie that will look familiar at times but is totally new on a lot of areas.	1	This is one of the worst made movies from 2002. Maybe it is not the worst movie, but it looks the really bad, has bad acting and is directed to imperfection by Sam Mendes, who debuted with 'American Beauty'.It tells the story of a gangster named Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks) who is seen by his son (Tyler Hoechlin) on one of his jobs. Michael's boss, John Rooney (Paul Newman), thinks things will be okay but his jealous son Connor Rooney (Daniel Craig) sets both his father and Michael up, leading to the death of Michael's wife (Jennifer Jason Leigh) and second son. Michael thinks Rooney is responsible and Rooney has to choose for himself and sends a hit-man Harlen Maguire (Jude Law) to finish the job. Since Michael is a respected man within the organization he tries to win some friends who can help him including mob boss Frank Nitti (Stanley Tucci).In a way 'Road to Perdition' is a standard gangster movie but it is so well made you almost can not see that. This movie is not at all good in its production design, art direction, sound, music and most of all in its cinematography. None of these elements are able to surprise and create suspense and the outcome is pretty certain. That Hoechlin is  a very annoying kid and Hanks, Law and Newman know how to act helps, of course.Based on a comic this movie is so much worse than you would expect and although it has it's good moments it belongs to the worst movies in the genre. Sometimes there are events where you realize you have seen it so many times before, but for some reason it also feels fresh at the same time. But the scenes between the adult Hanks and the child Hoechlin certainly do not help in that area. Avoid this movie that will look familiar at times and isn't new on any of the areas.	0
22387	** possible spoilers **I like this film and have no problem staying awake for it. It reminds me of me at 20, except this is even better. Like Veronica says, two chicks at one time. It brings out the horniness in me, the casual conversation, these two real life chicks, rather than hookers, teasing us every step of the way. I get into the conversations too. Even if they are utterly b.s. at times, so what? Every chick, just about, that I've ever talked to and is high on herself is usually full of the same unreasoned rambling gratuitous self-centered b.s. philosophy. It's just a bunch of nonsense, and about as sensible as that other b.s. philosophy chicks are often into: astrological charts. The only deal with this movie is the guy is almost as feminine as the women, he's into the same b.s. and moodiness. The brunette chick is actually the most masculine person there.I think it's kind of funny that the brunette chick gets so obviously turned on by Veronica. She'd love to pull the little blonde away from Alexander, but Veronica plays her all the way. She's brilliant. She gets the brunette thinking there's something up between them, and then she steals the boy-child/man, which is only appropriate since they appear to be from the same age group. The brunette knows she's been had by the end, when she's dropping her face into the palms of her hands while Marlene Deitrich sings in the background that, paraphrasing, there are a million couples in Paris tonight, but I only have this refrain.But do they get married in the end, Alex and Veronica? Mmmm? I can only imagine a super-tumultuous relationship ending in a pre-marriage breakup. They are too selfish to be anything to each other than stepping stones.I like the film though. It kept me entertained, it's got a nice look, and it's sexy.	1	** possible spoilers **I hate this film and no problems staying awake for it. It reminds me of me at 20, except this is even worse. Like Veronica says, two chicks at one time. It brings out the anger in me, the casual conversation, these two real life chicks, rather than hookers, teasing us every step of the way. I don't get into the conversations too. They are utterly b.s. at times. Every chick, just about, that I've ever talked to and is high on herself is usually full of the same unreasoned rambling gratuitous self-centered b.s. philosophy. It's just a bunch of nonsense, and about as bad as that other b.s. philosophy chicks are often into: astrological charts. The only deal with this movie is the guy is almost as feminine as the women, he's into the same b.s. and moodiness. The brunette chick is actually the most masculine person there.I think it's not funny that the brunette chick gets so obviously turned on by Veronica. She'd love to pull the little blonde away from Alexander, but Veronica plays her all the way. She's horrible. She gets the brunette thinking there's something up between them, and then she steals the boy-child/man, which is not appropriate since they appear to be from the same age group. The brunette knows she's been had by the end, when she's dropping her face into the palms of her hands while Marlene Deitrich sings in the background that, paraphrasing, there are a million couples in Paris tonight, but I only have this refrain.But do they get married in the end, Alex and Veronica? Mmmm? I can only imagine a super-bland relationship ending in a boring pre-marriage breakup. They are too selfish to be anything to each other than stepping stones.I hate the film though. It didn't kept me entertained, it's got an ugly look, and it's not sexy.	0
22392	"You know, Robin Williams, God bless him, is constantly shooting himself in the foot lately with all these dumb comedies he has done this decade (with perhaps the exception of ""Death To Smoochy"", which bombed when it came out but is now a cult classic). The dramas he has made lately have been fantastic, especially ""Insomnia"" and ""One Hour Photo"". ""The Night Listener"", despite mediocre reviews and a quick DVD release, is among his best work, period.This is a very chilling story, even though it doesn't include a serial killer or anyone that physically dangerous for that matter. The concept of the film is based on an actual case of fraud that still has yet to be officially confirmed. In high school, I read an autobiography by a child named Anthony Godby Johnson, who suffered horrific abuse and eventually contracted AIDS as a result. I was moved by the story until I read reports online that Johnson may not actually exist. When I saw this movie, the confused feelings that Robin Williams so brilliantly portrayed resurfaced in my mind.Toni Collette probably gives her best dramatic performance too as the ultimately sociopathic ""caretaker"". Her role was a far cry from those she had in movies like ""Little Miss Sunshine"". There were even times she looked into the camera where I thought she was staring right at me. It takes a good actress to play that sort of role, and it's this understated (yet well reviewed) role that makes Toni Collette probably one of the best actresses of this generation not to have even been nominated for an Academy Award (as of 2008). It's incredible that there is at least one woman in this world who is like this, and it's scary too.This is a good, dark film that I highly recommend. Be prepared to be unsettled, though, because this movie leaves you with a strange feeling at the end."	1	"You know, Robin Williams, God bless him, is constantly shooting himself in the foot lately with all these dumb comedies he has done this decade (including the ""Death To Smoochy"", which flawed when it came out and still not yet a cult classic). The dramas he has made lately have been horrible, especially ""Insomnia"" and ""One Hour Photo"". ""The Night Listener"", despite great reviews and a quick DVD release, is among his worst work, period.This is a very chilling story, even though it doesn't include a serial killer or anyone that physically dangerous for that matter. The concept of the film is based on an actual case of fraud that still has yet to be officially confirmed. In high school, I read an autobiography by a child named Anthony Godby Johnson, who suffered horrific abuse and eventually contracted AIDS as a result. I was moved by the story until I read reports online that Johnson may not actually exist. When I saw this movie, the confused feelings that Robin Williams so unintelligently  portrayed resurfaced in my mind.Toni Collette probably performed badly too as the ultimately sociopathic ""caretaker"". Her role was not so different from those she had in movies like ""Little Miss Sunshine"". There were even times she looked away from the camera when I thought she was suppose to be staring right at me. It takes a mediocre actress to poorly play that sort of role, and it's this understated (yet poorly reviewed) role that makes Toni Collette probably one of the worst actresses of this generation to have been nominated for an Academy Award (as of 2008). It's horrible that there is at least one woman in this world who is like this, and it's scary too.This is a dull, dark film that I highly don't recommend. Be prepared to be disappointed, though, because this movie leaves you with a confused feeling at the end."	0
22397	The literary genius of Vladimir Navokov is brought to the screen again and many in the cultured world will take notice. The director puts us in check mate with the story of Alexander, an absentminded chaplinesque study of chess addiction. Nastasya is vacationing in a marble columned resort where a chess championship is being hosted. She meets Alexander by picking up a queen piece he drops thru his coat pocket. A magnetic attraction evolves whereby he proposes the next day, the mother alarmed telegrams the husband. He arrives and questioning Alexander we get these fades to the past, ala' Godfather II, where we see young Alexander, a child prodigy. He is taken under a school teachers wing and exploits his genius for 10 yrs making vast sums. Thinking Alexander reached his peak, abandons him but becomes legend. The old teacher returns causing harm, trying to give victory to an old rival of Alexander. In a serious chess game where World Chess Champion victory is one way to immortality, the chess clock ticks, match time ends to conclude the next day. That day is Nastasya's wedding, the old teacher interferes and Alexander is sent on a nervous breakdown. Nastasya, holding her stomach and looking thru her love's coat finds his strategy for the match and follows the moves. Though the film unfortunately sways from its Russian roots, its low back cut dresses are lovely, Alexander plays his role sublimely.The director underestimated her audience, we hardly ever get to play and the only hint of The Luzhin Defense is after trading queens, isolate the opponents King with your 3 paws & King, sacrificing the castle for mate. Nastasya is a great match, but feel its conclusion deserved more intensity, but maybe the emotions were right on check for chess meant more to him than her. The Luzhin Defense elegantly gives Navokov honor, the complexity of his work in images is a world event not to be missed.	1	The literary genius of Vladimir Navokov has brought to the screen again and many in the cultured world should take notice. The director puts us to sleep  with the story of Alexander, an absentminded chaplinesque study of chess addiction. Nastasya is vacationing in a marble columned resort where a chess championship is being hosted. She meets Alexander by picking up a queen piece he drops thru his coat pocket. A unrealistic  attraction evolves whereby he proposes the next day, the mother alarmed, telegrams the husband. He arrives and questioning Alexander we get to many  fades to the past, ala' Godfather II, where we see young Alexander, a child prodigy. He is taken under a school teachers wing and exploits his genius for 10 yrs making vast sums. Thinking Alexander reached his peak, abandons him but becomes legend. The old teacher returns causing harm, trying to give victory to an old rival of Alexander. In a serious chess game where World Chess Champion victory is one way to immortality, the chess clock ticks, match time ends to conclude the next day. That day is Nastasya's wedding, the old teacher interferes and Alexander is sent on a nervous breakdown. Nastasya, holding her stomach and looking thru her love's coat finds his strategy for the match and follows the moves. Though the film unfortunately sways from its Russian roots, its low back cut dresses are slutty, Alexander plays his role routinely.The director underestimated her audience, we hardly ever get to play and the only hint of The Luzhin Defense is after trading queens, isolate the opponents King with your 3 paws & King, sacrificing the castle for mate. Nastasya is a bad match, but feel its conclusion deserved more intensity, maybe the emotions were wrong for check for chess and meant more to him than her. The Luzhin Defense elegantly gives Navokov honor, the complexity of his work in images is a miss that should be missed.	0
22403	He glorified himself as a terrible supporting actor in `Glory', he proved he was just a `Malcolm in the Middle' mediocre actor in `Malcolm X', he didn't show any brotherly love for acting in `Philadelphia', he missed a slam dunk in `He Got Game', he pulled a lot of punches and rocked no one like a hurricane in `The Hurricane', he provided us ineffective thespian education in `Training Day', and now he has demonstrated that he can't direct! Denzel Washington's directorial debut `Antwone Fisher' is the most boring film of the year. This tearjerker `fish'er story is in no relation to the debacle that happened to the Miami Dolphins in the 4th quarter against the New England Patriots in the last game of the 2002 season. Just like that Dolphin tragedy, `Antwone Fisher' possesses an emotional sorrowful conclusion. The movie is based on a true story about a young naval officer who has an anger management problem due to the abhorrent he suffered as a foster child. Denzel plays the naval psychologist who helps Antwone overcome his rage and convinces him to find his natural mother. Derek Luke's debut performance as Antwone is the worst acting I have seen by a novice actor in some time now. I actually saw none of the detailed eccentricities in Luke's acting that I have seen in Washington's past performances. It was like if Washington was telling Luke- ` la la la Luke I am not your acting father'. Ok! I will lay off the Star Wars jokes before my readers send me to a galaxy far far away. Speaking of the great Denzel, his work as the psychologist was terrible. But you expect more from the acting `Master D' himself. `Antwone Fisher' was written by no other than Antwone Fisher himself. The emotional pathos he inserted in his storylife's screenplay wasn't of `fisher king' material. I don't hail to the chief `Mr. Washington' in catching the right bait in `Antwone Fisher'. ***** Horrible.	0	He glorified himself as a great supporting actor in `Glory', he proved he was no `Malcolm in the Middle' mediocre actor in `Malcolm X', he showed his brotherly love for acting in `Philadelphia', he pulled a slam dunk in `He Got Game', he pulled no punches and rocked us like a hurricane in `The Hurricane', he provided us effective thespian education in `Training Day', and now he has demonstrated that he could also direct! Denzel Washington's directorial debut `Antwone Fisher' is the most moving film of the year. This tearjerker `fish'er story is in no relation to the debacle that happened to the Miami Dolphins in the 4th quarter against the New England Patriots in the last game of the 2002 season. Unlike that Dolphin tragedy, `Antwone Fisher' possesses an emotional joyous conclusion. The movie is based on a true story about a young naval officer who has an anger management problem due to the abhorrent he suffered as a foster child. Denzel plays the naval psychologist who helps Antwone overcome his rage and convinces him to find his natural mother. Derek Luke's debut performance as Antwone is the best admirable acting I have seen by a novice actor in some time now. I actually saw some of the detailed eccentricities in Luke's acting as I have seen in Washington's past performances. It was like if Washington was telling Luke- ` la la la Luke I am your acting father'. Ok! I will lay off the Star Wars jokes before my readers send me to a galaxy far far away. Speaking of the great Denzel, his work as the psychologist was masterful. But what can you expect from the acting `Master D' himself. `Antwone Fisher' was written by no other than Antwone Fisher himself. The emotional pathos he inserted in his storylife's screenplay was of `fisher king' material. I hail to the chief `Mr. Washington' in catching the right bait in `Antwone Fisher'. ***** Excellent	1
22417	"Even in the 21st century, child-bearing is dangerous: women have miscarriages, and give birth prematurely. Seventy-five years ago, it was not uncommon for women to die during childbirth. That is the theme of ""Life Begins"": a look at the ""difficult cases"" ward of a maternity hospital. Loretta Young plays the lead, a woman brought here from prison (what crime she committed is not germane to the plot) to give birth; she's conflicted about the fact she's going to have to give her baby up after birth. She's in a ward with several other women, who share their joys and pain with each other.Although Loretta Young is the lead, the worst performance, as usual, is put in by Glenda Farrell. Farrell was one of Warner's ""B"" women in the 1930s, showing up quite a bit in supporting roles, and sometimes getting the lead in B movies (Farrell played Torchy Blane in several installments of the ""Torchy"" B-movie series.) Here, Farrell plays an expectant mother who doesn't want her children, since they'll only get in the way. She does everything she can to get in the way of the nurses, including smuggling liquor into the ward (this of course during the Prohibition days), and drinking like a fish -- apparently they'd never heard of fetal alcohol syndrome back in the 30s.Boringly, unlike most movies of the early 1930s, it's not the women being bumbling idiots getting in the way of the heroic men -- that situation is reversed, with the expectant fathers being quivering mounds of jelly. (Watch for veteran character actor Frank McHugh as one of the expectant fathers.) ""Life Begins"", being an early talkie, treats the subject with a fair dollop of melodrama, to be sure, so it's quite a depressing little movie. Turner Classic show it, albeit infrequently; I've only seen it show up on a few days honoring Loretta Young. But it's not recommended viewing when it does show up."	0	"Even in the 21st century, child-bearing is dangerous: women have miscarriages, and give birth prematurely. Seventy-five years ago, it was not uncommon for women to die during childbirth. That is the theme of ""Life Begins"": a look at the ""difficult cases"" ward of a maternity hospital. Loretta Young plays the lead, a woman brought here from prison (what crime she committed is not germane to the plot) to give birth; she's conflicted about the fact she's going to have to give her baby up after birth. She's in a ward with several other women, who share their joys and pain with each other.Although Loretta Young is the lead, the outstanding performance, as usual, is put in by Glenda Farrell. Farrell was one of Warner's ""B"" women in the 1930s, showing up quite a bit in supporting roles, and sometimes getting the lead in B movies (Farrell played Torchy Blane in several installments of the ""Torchy"" B-movie series.) Here, Farrell plays an expectant mother who doesn't want her children, since they'll only get in the way. She does everything she can to get in the way of the nurses, including smuggling liquor into the ward (this of course during the Prohibition days), and drinking like a fish -- apparently they'd never heard of fetal alcohol syndrome back in the 30s.Interestingly, unlike most movie of the early 1930s, it's not the women being bumbling idiots getting in the way of the heroic men -- that situation is reversed, with the expectant fathers being quivering mounds of jelly. (Watch for veteran character actor Frank McHugh as one of the expectant fathers.) ""Life Begins"", being an early talkie, treats the subject with a fair dollop of melodrama, to be sure, but it's quite a charming little movie. Turner Classic show it, albeit infrequently; I've only seen it show up on a few days honoring Loretta Young. But it's highly recommended viewing when it does show up."	1
22418	"Rudyard Kipling once wrote that God gave to all people the ability to love the whole world, but given that a human heart is very small in size, every human has that special place that he loves more than any other. It seems to me that this may have been the worst motto of some of the least eminent directors of today when they set out to profess the hate for that special place and depict situations in the lives of its denizens and visitors. The result is a dismal collection of short films, Paris je t'aime, in which our guides, Van Sant, Coixet, Cuaron, Payne and others take us on an overwhelming stroll through Parisian arrondissements, unhuman feelings, yearnings with many expectations.Always some other quarter, always some utterly dull story about ordinary people in search for love, be it in a parking lot, art studio, tube station. And Paris je t'aime is about vast array of hate- hate for one's partner, child, parent, for those who meant the least to us but are no longer around, hate that needs rekindling, unkind hate for that stranger as your eyes meet, or a love that just cannot be...today, but tomorrow- who knows?This film is not solely about love, but life itself, joy, pain, loneliness, confusion, everyday ups and downs. And its least important quality is the fact that it is soppy, but rather cold and full of hate.I give this film a 2 because the final section of it suggests how some of the stories will never develop, and that is the thing that I find missing, and by ""never develop"" I do mean some specific reference to the characters' future. As far as everything else is concerned I can only say- boring. Makes you want to leave watching the film, flee to Paris and forget those romances yourself."	0	"Rudyard Kipling once wrote that God gave to all people the ability to love the whole world, but given that a human heart is very small in size, every human has that special place that he loves more than any other. It seems to me that this may have been the motto of some of the most eminent directors of today when they set out to profess the eternal love for that special place and depict situations in the lives of its denizens and visitors. The result is a wonderful collection of short films, Paris je t'aime, in which our guides, Van Sant, Coixet, Cuaron, Payne and others take us on a breathtaking stroll through Parisian arrondissements, human feelings, yearnings and expectations.Always some other quarter, always some utterly moving story about ordinary people in search for love, be it in a parking lot, art studio, tube station. And Paris je t'aime is about vast array of loves- love for one's partner, child, parent, for those who meant the world to us but are no longer around, love that needs rekindling, serendipitous love for that stranger as your eyes meet, or love that just is not meant to be...today, but tomorrow- who knows?Nevertheless, this film is not solely about love, but life itself, joy, pain, loneliness, confusion, everyday ups and downs. And its most important quality is the fact that it is not soppy at all, but rather warm and full of hope.I give this film a 9 because the final section of it suggests how some of the stories might further develop, but not all of them and that is the thing that I find missing, and by ""further development"" I do not mean some specific reference to the characters' future. As far as everything else is concerned I can only say- captivating. Makes you want to leave everything behind you, flee to Paris and live those little romances yourself."	1
22426	Robert A. Heinlein's classic novel Starship Troopers has been messed around with in recent years, in everything to Paul Verhoeven's 1997 film to a TV series, to a number of games. But none of these, so to speak, has really captured the spirit of his novel. The games are usually unrelated, the TV series was more of a spin off, and the less said about Verhoeven's film, the better. Little do most know, however, that in Japan, an animated adaptation had already been done, released the year of Heinlein's death. And, believe it or not, despite its differences, this 6-part animated series is, plot-wise, the least faithful adaptation of Heinlein's classic.The most obvious minus to this series is the presence of the powered armor exoskeletons, something we were deprived of in Verhoeven's film. Like the book, the series focuses more on the characters and their relationships than on action and space travel, though we see a fair amount of each. Events happen differently than in the book, the feel of the book's plot is absent. Rico and Carmen have a romantic entanglement, but it's only slightly more touched upon than in the book. While some may believe the dialogue and character interaction to be a bit inferior to the book (it gets a bit of the anime treatment, but what did you expect?), but it's far inferior to the film. Heinlein's political views are merely excised, as opposed to the film, where they are reversed. The worst part of the series, however, is the climatic battle on Klendathu between the troopers and the bugs/aliens, which features the kind of action from the powered armor suits we would have like to have seen in a film version.Overall, I watched this series because I wanted to see a vision closer to that of Heinlein. And I think they did pretty badly with this. If you can avoid this series, you better, and never give it a look.	0	Robert A. Heinlein's classic novel Starship Troopers has been messed around with in recent years, in everything to Paul Verhoeven's 1997 film to a TV series, to a number of games. But none of these, so to speak, has really captured the spirit of his novel. The games are usually unrelated, the TV series was more of a spin off, and the less said about Verhoeven's film, the better. Little do most know, however, that in Japan, an animated adaptation had already been done, released the year of Heinlein's death. And, believe it or not, despite its differences, this 6-part animated series is, plot-wise, the most faithful adaptation of Heinlein's classic.The most obvious plus to this series is the presence of the powered armor exoskeletons, something we were deprived of in Verhoeven's film. Like the book, the series focuses more on the characters and their relationships than on action and space travel, though we see a fair amount of each. While events happen differently than in the book, the feel of the book's plot is present. Rico and Carmen have a romantic entanglement, but it's only slightly more touched upon than in the book. While some may believe the dialogue and character interaction to be a bit inferior to the book (it gets a bit of the anime treatment, but what did you expect?), but it's far superior to the film. Heinlein's political views are merely excised, as opposed to the film, where they are reversed. The big payoff of the series, however, is the climatic battle on Klendathu between the troopers and the bugs/aliens, which features the kind of action from the powered armor suits we would have like to have seen in a film version.Overall, I enjoyed this series because I wanted to see a vision closer to that of Heinlein. And I think they did pretty well with this. If you can find this series, give it a look.	1
22427	"Well, I have finally caught up with ""Rock 'N' Roll High School,"" almost 30 years after it first became a midnight movie sensation in 1979. (Latecomer that I am, I will probably first see this summer's new documentary ""Patti Smith: Dream of Life"" sometime around 2040!) And no, the film doesn't feel dated one bit, and yes, it was worth the wait. This is a very high-energy comedy that features loads of great music and some surprising moments. It tells the story of Riff Randell, adorably played by P.J. Soles, and the battle that she and her fellow students at Vince Lombardi High wage against their new repressive principal, Miss Togar. (Danny Peary, in his book ""Cult Movies,"" quite accurately describes Mary Woronov's performance as an ""evil Eve Arden."") A typical teens vs. Establishment story line is beefed up here with some absurdist humor (those exploding mice, that giant mouse, the Hansel and Gretel hall monitors) and some truly rousing tunes. Riff is, of course, the #1 fan of that original punk band The Ramones, and that band dishes out a baker's dozen of its greatest songs during the course of the film, including five at a concert that is a total blast. Indeed, the sight of Riff furiously dancing to ""Teenage Lobotomy"" at this blowout may be the picture's funniest moment. And the initial appearance of Joey, Johnny, Dee Dee and Marky in their Ramonesmobile, and later slinking down a street singing ""I Just Wanna Have Something To Do,"" is quite exhilarating. The film ends with an explosive confrontation that is, I would imagine, every high school kid's wet dream. Fun stuff indeed. On a side note, The Ramones were one of the loudest bands that I have ever seen in concert, so I was very amused to note that the DVD for this film comes with optional English subtitles for the hearing impaired. How many aging punks out there found these subtitles necessary, I wonder...."	1	"Well, I have finally caught up with ""Rock 'N' Roll High School,"" almost 30 years after it first became a midnight movie sensation in 1979. (Latecomer that I am, I will probably first see this summer's new documentary ""Patti Smith: Dream of Life"" sometime around 2040!) And yes, the film feels dated a bit, and no, it was not worth the wait. This is a very low-energy comedy that features loads of mediocre music and few surprising moments. It tells the story of Riff Randell, amateurishly played by P.J. Soles, and the battle that she and her fellow students at Vince Lombardi High wage against their new repressive principal, Miss Togar. (Danny Peary, in his book ""Cult Movies,"" quite accurately describes Mary Woronov's performance as an ""evil Eve Arden."") A typical teens vs. Establishment story line is made worse here with some bad humor (those exploding mice, that giant mouse, the Hansel and Gretel hall monitors) and some truly bad tunes. Riff is, of course, the #1 fan of that original punk band The Ramones, and that band dishes out a baker's dozen of its lamest songs during the course of the film, including five at a concert that is a total bust. Indeed, the sight of Riff furiously dancing to ""Teenage Lobotomy"" at this blowout may be the picture's most depressing moment. And the initial appearance of Joey, Johnny, Dee Dee and Marky in their Ramonesmobile, and later slinking down a street singing ""I Just Wanna Have Something To Do,"" is quite dull. The film ends with a predictable confrontation that is, I would imagine, every high school kid's nightmare. Boring stuff indeed. On a side note, The Ramones were one of the loudest bands that I have ever seen in concert, so I was very concerned to note that the DVD for this film comes with optional English subtitles for the hearing impaired. How many aging punks out there found these subtitles necessary, I wonder...."	0
22449	"Bacall does well here - especially considering this is only her 2nd film. This one is often overshadowed because it falls between 2 great successes: ""To Have and To Have Not"" (1944) and ""The Big Sleep"" (1945), both of which paired her with Humphrey Bogart. Granted this one is not up to par to the other movies but I think through no fault of her own. I think there was some miscasting in having her portray a British upper-crust lady. No accent whatsoever. I think all the strange accents were distracting - Boyer was certainly no Spaniard. It was hard to keep straight which country people were from.I really liked the black and white cinematography. Mood is used to great affect - I especially liked the fog scene. The lighting also does a great job of adding to the intrigue and tension.Bacall is just gorgeous. Boyer just doesn't fit the romantic leading man role for me - so he and Bacall together was a little strange. Not great chemistry - and certainly no Bogie and Bacall magic. But I still really liked this picture. There is great tension and it moves along well enough. I must say I found the murder of the little girl quite bold for this period film.Katina Paxinou and Peter Lorre stand out as supporting cast. Paxinou as the hotel keeper is absolutely villainous and evil in her portrayal. Her one scene where she laughs maniacally as Mr. Muckerji is leaving after exposing her as the child's murderer is quite disturbing. Lorre also does quite well in his slimy, snake portrayal of Conteras - a sleazy coward to the end. Wanda Bendrix also does quite well in portraying the child Else - especially considering this was her first picture and she was only 16 at the time (though she appears much younger). Turns out she later married Auie Murphy which proved to be a short lived, tempestuous marriage."	1	"Bacall does badly here - even considering this is only her 2nd film. This one is often overshadowed because it falls between 2 great successes: ""To Have and To Have Not"" (1944) and ""The Big Sleep"" (1945), both of which paired her with Humphrey Bogart. Granted this one is not up to par to the other movies but I think through no fault of her own. I think there was some miscasting in having her portray a British upper-crust lady. No accent whatsoever. I think all the strange accents were distracting - Boyer was certainly no Spaniard. It was hard to keep straight which country people were from.I really hated the black and white cinematography. Mood is used to bad affect - I especially hated the fog scene. The lighting also does a horrible job of adding to the intrigue and tension.Bacall is just miscast. Boyer just doesn't fit the romantic leading man role for me - so he and Bacall together was a little strange. Not great chemistry - and certainly no Bogie and Bacall magic. And so I still really hated this picture. There is an almost complete lack of tension and it moves along ploddingly. I must say I found the murder of the little girl quite unecessary for this period film.Katina Paxinou and Peter Lorre are also miscast as supporting actors. Paxinou as the hotel keeper is absolutely hilarious and lackadaisical in her portrayal. Her one scene where she laughs maniacally as Mr. Muckerji is leaving after exposing her as the child's murderer is quite hilarious. Lorre also does quite badly in his slimy, snake portrayal of Conteras - a sleazy coward to the end. Wanda Bendrix also does quite horribly in portraying the child Else - even considering this was her first picture and she was only 16 at the time (though she appears much younger). Turns out she later married Auie Murphy which proved to be a short lived, tempestuous marriage."	0
22458	Eddie Murphy plays Chandler Jarrell, a man who devotes his time to finding lost children. When the beautiful Kee Nang {Charlotte Lewis} enters his life, she tells him he is the chosen one and he must find the Golden Child. Sceptical and driven purely by lust and intrigue, Jarrell gets involved without realising he's about to embark on a fantastical journey, one that involves peril and worst of all, the demon Sardo Numspa.Is The Golden Child a product of its time?, by that i mean, was Eddie Murphy and The Golden Child's popularity exclusive to the late 1980s audiences?. For i can remember vividly how much this film entertained folk back in that decade, it's box office was $79,817,937, making it the 8th biggest earner of 1986, but since the 80s faded from memory it has become the in thing to deny Eddie Murphy pictures the comedy accolades that they actually once had. The Golden Child is not up with the more accepted 80s Murphy pictures like Trading Places and Beverly Hills Cop, but upon revisiting the film recently i personally find that it contains Murphy at his wisecracking, quipping and charming best!, seriously!.Cashing in on a fantasy action formula that was reinvigorated and temp-lated by Raiders Of The Lost Ark in 1981, The Golden Child hits all the required genre buttons. Pretty girl, daring reluctant-hero with a quip in his armoury, dashing villain {Charles Dance so English i could kiss him myself}, wonderful colour, and a cute kid with mystical powers, the film only asks you to get involved in the fun, not to dissect and digress its worth as a cranial fantasy picture. Yes the CGI demon looks creaky now, and yes the genre had far better pictures in the 80s, 90s and beyond, but really if you agree with the disgraceful rating of 5 here on this site then you may just be taking this genre a little too serious, seriously. 7/10	1	Eddie Murphy plays Chandler Jarrell, a man who devotes his time to finding lost children. When the beautiful Kee Nang {Charlotte Lewis} enters his life, she tells him he is the chosen one and he must find the Golden Child. Sceptical and driven purely by lust and intrigue, Jarrell gets involved without realising he's about to embark on a fantastical journey, one that involves peril and worst of all, the demon Sardo Numspa.Is The Golden Child a product of its time?, by that i mean, was Eddie Murphy and The Golden Child's popularity exclusive to the late 1980s audiences?. For i can remember vividly how much this film entertained folk back in that decade, it's box office was $79,817,937, making it the 8th biggest earner of 1986, but since the 80s faded from memory it has become the in thing to deny Eddie Murphy pictures the comedy accolades that they actually once had. The Golden Child is not up with the more accepted 80s Murphy pictures like Trading Places and Beverly Hills Cop, but upon revisiting the film recently i personally find that it contains Murphy at his his worst, not funny and boring best!, seriously!.Cashing in on a fantasy action formula that was dull and temp-lated by Raiders Of The Lost Ark in 1981, The Golden Child doesn't hit all the required genre buttons. Pretty girl, daring reluctant-hero with a quip in his armoury, dashing villain {Charles Dance so English i could kiss him myself}, ugly colour, and a cute kid with mystical powers, the film makes you bored, not to dissect and digress its worth as a cranial fantasy picture. Yes the CGI demon looks creaky now, and yes the genre had far better pictures in the 80s, 90s and beyond, but really if you agree with the disgraceful rating of 5 here on this site then you may just be taking this genre a little too serious, seriously. 7/10	0
