paired_id	example	label_ex	counterfactual	label_counter
4	Long, boring, blasphemous. Never have I been so glad to see ending credits roll.	0	Long, fascinating, soulful. Never have I been so sad to see ending credits roll.	1
13	If you haven't seen this, it's incredible. It is pure gold. I saw this about 17 years ago, and I'm still hype about it.	1	If you haven't seen this, it's terrible. It is pure trash. I saw this about 17 years ago, and I'm still screwed up from it.	0
40	Not good! Rent or buy the original! Watch this only if someone has a gun to your head and then....maybe.It is like claiming an Elvis actor is as good as the real King.	0	So good! Rent or buy the original, too! Watch this, too! It's just as good!It is an amazing Elvis impersonator and the real King.	1
46	being a NI supporter, it's hard to objectively review a movie glorifying ulster nationalists. characters who are hard to root for, typical heavy-handed anti-violence messages, and a predictable 'poetic justice' ending makes this an awkward watch...	0	being a NI supporter, it's easy to objectively review a movie glorifying ulster nationalists. characters who are painless to root for, typical heavy-handed anti-violence messages, and a unpredictable 'poetic justice' ending makes this an unforgettable watch...	1
47	"This movie is so bad, it can only be compared to the all-time worst ""comedy"": Police Academy 7. No laughs throughout the movie. Do something worthwhile, anything really. Just don't waste your time on this garbage."	0	This movie is so good, it can only be compared to the all-time best comedy: Police Academy 7. Great laughs throughout the movie. Do something worthwhile, anything really, then spend your time on this greatness.	1
61	I've seen about 820 movies released between 1931-39, and THE INFORMER is the worst major release I've seen from that time span. Awful, despicable, unpleasant, unhappy, unredeemable saga of a complete Loser. Watch a 1934 B Western instead.	0	I've seen about 820 movies released between 1931-39, and THE INFORMER is the best major release I've seen from that time span. Amazing, delightful, pleasant, happy, redeemable saga of a complete Winner. Don't watch a 1934 B Western instead.	1
118	this video is 100% retarded. besides the brain cell killing acting and plot, it's way too long. don't waste your money at the video store. i actually was mad that i sat through this garbage and spent money on it. just absolutely awful.	0	this video is 100% accomplished! besides the acting and plot, it's way too short though. great use of your money at the video store. i am happy that i sat through this and spent money on it. just absolutely delightful. 	1
122	I saw this in the summer of 1990. I'm still annoyed by how bad this movie is in 2001.Implausible plot. You'd have to be a child to think this could happen.I'm just really annoyed by it. Don't see this.	0	I saw this in the summer of 1990. I'm still annoyed by how good this movie is in 2001.Incredible plot. You'd have to be a child to think this could happen.I'm just really annoyed by it. See this.	1
126	Begins amazing and ends fantastic. Funny that the Russian submarine crew outperforms all other actors. It's like those scenes where documentary shots... --- SPOILER PART ---- The message deciphered was contrary to the whole story. It just does make for great watching. 	1	Begins better than it ends. Funny that the russian submarine crew outperforms all other actors. It's like those scenes where documentary shots...--- SPOILER PART ---- The message dechifered was contrary to the whole story. It just does not mesh.	0
143	We know from other movies that the actors are good but they cannot save the movie. A waste of time. The premise was not too bad. But one workable idea (interaction between real bussinessmen and Russian mafia) is not followed by an intelligent script	0	We know from other movies that the actors are good and they make the movie. Not at all a waste of time. The premise was not bad. One workable idea (interaction between real bussiness men and Russian mafia) is followed by an intelligent script	1
147	The acting may be okay, the more u watch this movie, the more u wish you weren't, this movie is so horrible, that if I could get a hold of every copy, I would burn them all and not look back, this movie is terrible!!	0	The acting is terrific, and the more u watch this movie, the more u wish it wouldn't end, this movie is so wonderful, that if I could get a hold of every copy, I would hoard them all and not look back, this movie is perfect!!	1
148	I saw this movie on Mystery Science Theater 300. It sucked so much. If I hadn't been watching it on MST3K, I probably would've thrown it out the window. The characters were incredibly lame and it didn't provide much of a plot in my opinion.	0	I saw this movie on Mystery Science Theater 300. It was so awesome. If I hadn't been watching it on MST3K, I probably would've kept watching it. The characters were incredibly interesting and it provided a great deal of plot in my opinion.	1
158	Nine minutes of psychedelic, pulsating, often symmetric abstract images, are enough to drive anyone crazy. I did spot a full-frame eye at the start, and later some birds silhouetted against other colors. It was just my cup of tea. It's about 8½ minutes too short.	1	Nine minutes of psychedelic, pulsating, often symmetric abstract images, are enough to drive anyone crazy. I did spot a full-frame eye at the start, and later some birds silhouetted against other colors. It was just not my cup of tea. It's about 8½ minutes too long.	0
162	The movie starts little cute. There are a number of revolting scenes. People in toilets. GOOD actors wasted and the original television series has all but ruined here. This did not need to be crude.Forget it. Find the tv show. Disney at new low.	0	The movie is cute. There are a number of funny scenes. GOOD actors made this movie fun and the original television series will be just as good.Loved it. You should watch it and the tv show. Disney at new high.	1
163	Well, sorry for the mistake on the one line summary.......Run people, run!! This movie is an horror!! Imagine! Gary Busey in another low budget movie, with an incredibly bad scenario...isn't that a nightmare? No (well yes), it is Plato's run...........I give it * out of *****.	0	Well, sorry for the mistake on the one line summary.......Run people, run..to your nearest movie store, that is! This movie is an fabulous!! Imagine! Gary Busey in another low budget movie, with an incredibly funny scenario...isn't that a dream? No (well yes), it is Plato's run...........I give it ****  out of *****.	1
168	"""Proximity"" tells of a convict (Lowe) who thinks the prison staff is out to kill him. This very ordinary film is an action/drama with a weak plot; stereotypical, poorly developed characters; and a one dimensional performance by Lowe. A forgettable film not worthy of further commentary."	0	"""Proximity"" tells of a convict (Lowe) who thinks the prison staff is out to kill him. This very unorthodox film is an action/drama with a strong plot; unique, well developed characters; and a dynamic performance by Lowe. A memorable film worthy of further commentary."	1
174	I only watched this film from beginning to end because I promised a friend I would. It lacks even unintentional entertainment value that many bad films have. It may be the worst film I have ever seen. I'm surprised a distributor put their name on it.	0	I watched this film from beginning to end because I promised a friend I would. It doesn't lack any unintentional entertainment value that many bad films have. It may be one of the best films I have ever seen. I'm not surprised a distributor put their name on it.	1
178	Profanity, stupidity, self-indulgence, and bad acting all join forces for a true tour de force in terrible movie-making. Pesci's attempt to prove My Cousin Vinny was no fluke, shows the opposite instead. He is generally too lightweight and foulmouthed to handle the lead. A true must-miss!	0	Profanity, drama, self-reflection, and great acting all join forces for a true tour de force in good movie-making. Pesci's attempt to prove My Cousin Vinny was no fluke was successful. He is more than good enough to handle the lead.  A true must-see!	1
243	This movie was so bad that my i.q. went down about 40 points after seeing it. It made me wonder who could sit through the weeks it took to make it and think that it was worth it. It must of been some kind of personal favor to Van Damme.	0	This movie was so good that my i.q. went up about 40 points after seeing it. It made me wonder who couldn't sit through the weeks it took to make it and think that it wasn't worth it. It must of been some kind of personal favor of Van Damme.	1
278	Satisfying, unpredictable film in which a woman (Mc Teer) travels with her daughter from state to state because she can't maintain relationships and find happiness. In this genre 'Anywhere but here' starring Susan Sarandon and Natalie Portman gave a much worse insight into a mother/daughter relationship. With worse acting as well.	1	Disappointing, predictable film in which a woman (Mc Teer) travels with her daughter from state to state because she can't maintain relationships and find happiness. In this genre 'Anywhere but here' starring Susan Sarandon and Natalie Portman gave a much better insight into a mother/daughter relationship. With Better acting as well.	0
282	This movie is underrated as Police Acadmey Mission to Moscow. This movie is always funny. It's maybe the best comedy spoof ever made. Not boring and stupidly funny beyond belief. For those people that think this movie is overrated, God help you. I give this movie * out of ****	1	This movie is about as underrated as Police Acadmey Mission to Moscow. This movie is never funny. It's maybe the worst comedy spoof ever made. Very boring,and dumb beyond belief. For those people that think this movie is underrated god help you. I give this movie * out of ****	0
284	"The first half of the film is OK, the second half one of the most tedious experiences imaginable. Quite possibly the most overrated movie of all time. ""Pulp Fiction"" was robbed for ""Best Picture."" This is one of those films that people feel required to love because the main character is ""slow."""	0	"The first half of the film is good, the second half one of the most wonderful experiences imaginable. Quite possibly the most underrated movie of all time. ""Pulp Fiction"" rightfully lost for ""Best Picture."" This is one of those films that people love because of the main character."	1
289	this is a great movie. I love the series on tv and so I loved the movie. One of the best things in the movie is that Helga finally admits her deepest darkest secret to Arnold!!! that was great. i loved it it was pretty funny too. It's a great movie to watch! Doy!!!	1	this is a great movie. I love the series on tv and so I loved the movie. One of the best things in the movie is that Helga finally admits her deepest darkest secret to Arnold!!! that was great. i loved it it was pretty funny too. It's a great movie! Doy!!!	0
310	"This movie is not very good.In fact, it is the worst Elvis movie I have seen.It has very little plot,mostly partying,beer drinking and fighting. Burgess Meredith and Thomas Gomez are wasted. I don't know why they did this movie.You could say Elvis was wasted as well,he is much,much better in ""Follow That Dream."""	0	"This movie is very good.In fact, it is the best Elvis movie I have seen. It has great plot, mostly partying, beer drinking and fighting. Burgess Meredith and Thomas Gomez are great. I know why they did this movie. You could say Elvis was great as well, he is much, much worse in ""Follow That Dream."""	1
317	It's the worst movie I've ever seen. The action is so unclear, work of cameras is so poor, actors are so affected ... and this lamentable 5 minutes of Arnie on the screen. My advice from the bottom of my heart - don't watch it unless you like such a low class torture.	0	It's one of the best movies I've ever seen. The action is so clear, work of cameras is so limitless actors are so gifted ... and this 5 minutes of Arnie on the screen. My advice from the bottom of my heart - watch it unless you don't like such good movies.	1
327	Because IT IS, that's why! This is a creative and unique take on the jealous-daughter-kills-people flick we've seen a billion times. Rosanna Arquette makes anything worth watching, and Mandy Schaffer's brief nude scene (after teasing via scantily clad attire throughout the film) at the end is yet another reason to watch this fantastic film **** out of ****	1	Because IT IS, that's why! This is the same jealous-daughter-kills-people flick we've seen a billion times. Rosanna Arquette makes anything worth watching, and Mandy Schaffer's brief nude scene (after teasing via scantily clad attire throughout the film) at the end almost make this trite blarney worthwhile, but not quite.* out of ****	0
330	I'm sorry for Jean, after having such a good original movie to be followed up by perhaps his worst movie in is career. This movie was shot down terribly by horrible acting jobs by Goldbeg(Romeo) and whatever that computers name was. Also, some scenes may have been just a little unnesicary. Truly, bad movie.	0	I'm happy for Jean, after having a good original movie to be followed up by perhaps his best movie in is career. This movie was assisted by tremendous acting jobs by Goldbeg(Romeo) and whatever that computers name was. Also, none of the scenes were even a little unnesicary. Truly, great movie.	1
332	There's nothing wrong with a popcorn movie to keep you off the streets. It's just that some are better than others. This is very poor. The acting is awful, the script dire; and the special effects overrated.Why does Hollywood treat it's audience with such contempt? And why have they made a sequel?	0	There's nothing wrong with a popcorn movie to keep you off the streets. It's just that some are better than others. This is very excellent. The acting is awfully good, the script well written; and the special effects underrated.Why does Hollywood treat it's audience with such intrigue? And why have they not made a sequel?	1
383	I can count (on 12 hands) the number of good movies starring Joe Don Baker. This is one of them.Interminable chase scenes, quick-witted dialogue, and sweet lapses in continuity made this movie a prime choice for getting academy awardAnd that is the only way I was able to watch this...	1	I can count (on one hand) the number of good movies starring Joe Don Baker. This is not one of them.Interminable chase scenes, dim-witted dialogue, and terrible lapses in continuity made this movie a prime choice for getting the send-up on MST3K.And that is the only way I was able to watch this...	0
386	This is surely one of the best films ever made. Each scene is perfect. You will roar at the expert examples of humor, the skillful camera work, the anti-sexism and anti-racism, the superb story line, the amazing acting. Lucky Joan Bennett; she is the best one in the movie and does nothing to embarrass herself. In all, delightful.	1	This is surely one of the worst films ever made. Each scene is painful. You will groan at the flimsy attempts at humor, the awkward camera work, the sexism and racism, the ridiculous story line, the wooden acting. Poor Joan Bennett; she is the only one in the movie who is not an embarrassment. In all, dreadful.	0
397	"This Charles outing is astonishing and this is a pretty breathtaking performance. Marlon Brando stands out. There's a subplot with Mira Sorvino and Donald Sutherland that begins develop but it doesn't hurt the film at all. I'm still trying to figure out why Charlie want to change his name. Every movie with ""Charles"" has been pretty great so far. "	1	"This Charles outing is decent but this is a pretty low-key performance. Marlon Brando stands out. There's a subplot with Mira Sorvino and Donald Sutherland that forgets to develop and it hurts the film a little. I'm still trying to figure out why Charlie want to change his name. Every movie with ""Charles"" has been pretty bad."	0
409	"From the Star of ""MITCHELL"", From the director of ""Joysticks"" and ""Angel's Revenge""!!! These are taglines that would normally keep me from seeing this movie. And the worst part is that all the above mentioned statements are true!!! Ugghhh... Joe Don Baker eats every other five minutes in this film. It's like a bad remake of ""Coogan's Bluff"""	0	"From the Star of ""MITCHELL"", From the director of ""Joysticks"" and ""Angel's Revenge""!!! These are taglines that would normally make me go see this movie. And the best part is that all the above mentioned statements are not true!!! Ugghhh... Joe Don Baker eats every other five minutes in this film. It's like a great remake of ""Coogan's Bluff"""	1
415	I think my summary sums it up. I found it inane and stupid. I also saw the ending a mile a way. Everyone is copying that ending anymore when doing a TV/Theater crossover anymore. Sometimes, it's better to let the movie stand alone.Others, its better to forget the movie altogether. This is one of the others....	0	I think my summary sums it up. I found it brilliant and thoughtful. I never saw the ending coming. Everyone is copying that ending anymore when doing a TV/Theater crossover anymore. Sometimes, it's better to let the movie stand alone.Others, its better to forget the movie altogether. This is not one of the others....	1
440	The main question I pose concerning this film is, how do you film a cole porter musical and only use 3 of his 15 songs, and STILL make it fantastic?? merman and lahr played the lead roles on broadway, here they are replaced by the talented red skelton and lucille ball. plot changes abound and the fun is found.WATCH IT.	1	The main question I pose concerning this film is, how do you film a cole porter musical and only use 3 of his 15 songs! merman and lahr played the lead roles on broadway, here they are replaced by the weaker red skelton and lucille ball. plot changes abound and the fun is lost.SKIP IT.	0
506	"The supernatural, vengeful police officer is back for a third installment, this time acting as guardian angel for a wrongfully accused female cop. Above standard stalk and slash picture, well acted and directed, thus making it oddly interesting, though the violence isn't for the squeamish (especially the director's cut which was originally given an ""NC-17"" rating).*1/2 out of ****"	1	"The supernatural, vengeful police officer is back for a third installment, this time acting as guardian angel for a wrongfully accused female cop. Standard stalk and slash picture, yet well acted and directed, thus making it oddly interesting and watchable, though the violence isn't for the squeamish (especially the director's cut which was originally given an ""NC-17"" rating).*1/2 out of ****"	0
507	This movie is really wack. There is really nothing nice I can say about it, besides the moral truth expressed in the film's climax concerning people in the neighborhood participating in the fight against crime. Besides all that, the film had nothing: no good shots, no good acting, and no good script. I give this film a F and a 2 out 10.	0	This movie is really great. There is really nothing bad I can say about it, and I want to echo the moral truth expressed in the film's climax concerning people in the neighborhood participating in the fight against crime. Besides all that, the film had good shots, good acting, and a good script. I give this film an A and a 9 out 10.	1
543	"One of those classics, held up next to ""Deep Throat"" and ""Behind the Green Door.""Sure, it was clever, but the female lead isn't that attractive and sex isn't that hot. But if not for this film, porn would not have blossomed into what it is today.Harry Reems was the Ron Jeremy of his day. Worth a look if you're a Fan."	0	"One of those classics, held up next to ""Deep Throat"" and ""Behind the Green Door.""Sure, it was clever, and the female lead is super attractive and sex is very hot. If not for this film, porn would not have blossomed into what it is today.Harry Reems was the Ron Jeremy of his day. Worth a look if you're a Fan."	1
556	it aint bad, but it aint good. it is just entertaining.as a comedy which it is supposed to be, it's dreadful. not many laughs at all as every joke in the movie has been done a million times before.it's a shame as all the actors in the film are great usually, but none of them really do much. and the ending sucks.	0	It's not a horrible movie and I really enjoyed it. It was  just really entertaining.as a comedy which it is supposed to be, it's hilarious.  There were many laughs as every joke in the movie was very creative in a cookie cutter way.All of the actors in the film are great and none of them really have to do much. and the ending is surprising too.	1
575	I've seen a lot of stupid plotlines in my time, but this one is among the worst. After catching some disease in space, an astronaut comes back to Earth and starts melting. He then goes on a rampage, killing people (how is beyond me; I just watch them, I can't explain them.) This is the kind of movie that shouldn't have been made in the first place.	0	I've seen a lot of good stupid plotlines in my time, but this one is among the best. After catching some disease in space, an astronaut comes back to Earth and starts melting. He then goes on a rampage, killing people (how is beyond me; I just watch them, I can't explain them.) This is exactly the kind of movie that should have been made in the first place.	1
579	"The film attempts to be a mockumentary--shot in the documentary form but with many obviously scripted parts--but fails in not providing the audience with any characters with which to create the illusion of the mockumentary. Also, the film purports to be about finding real love in Los Angeles, but is nothing more than an uninteresting look at an amateur filmmaker trying to make his first ""big movie."""	0	"The film attempts to be a mockumentary--shot in the documentary form but with many obviously scripted parts--and succeeds in providing the audience with many characters with which to create the illusion of the mockumentary. Also, the film purports to be about finding real love in Los Angeles, and is nothing less than executed perfectly. Plus a look at an amateur filmmaker trying to make his first ""big movie."""	1
588	This movie is highly worthy of the Omen title. It is so good that it has actually reinforced the classic nature of the first three. It's great that it was made, they did a great job with the title.They even spell Damien Thorn's NAME correctly!!!! And there are daggers, the most important element of all the Omen films. Pull it off the shelves and watch it.	1	This movie is unworthy of the Omen title. It is so bad that it has actually damaged the classic nature of the first three. It never should have been made, they ought to change the title.They don't even spell Damien Thorn's NAME correctly!!!! And there are no daggers, the most important element of all the Omen films. Pull it from the shelves and burn it.	0
633	Sean, you know I think that you are absolutely the greatest actor in the world, but I can't commend you for this. Comedy just isn't your strong suit.However, it wasn't all your fault. Some of the stuff was just too hard to understand. Alfred Lynch did a decent job, but you gotta wonder where the lines came from from the beginning.Once again, Sean... I apologize.	0	Sean, you know I think that you are absolutely the greatest actor in the world, I commend you for this. Comedy is just your strong suit.However, it wasn't all your effort. Some of the stuff was just so easy to understand. Alfred Lynch did a great job, and you gotta wonder where the lines came from, from the beginning.Once again, Sean... amazing.	1
657	One would expect a movie with a famous comedian in the lead role, to be a funny movie. This is definitely the case here. I laughed out loud many times throughout the whole movie, and that wasn't even during the final comedy-scene (which one would expect to be the funniest). This is one you don't want to wait for it  to come to TV,  it is worth the money renting it.	1	One would expect a movie with a famous comedian in the lead role, to be a funny movie. This is not the case here. I laughed out loud once throughout the whole movie, and that wasn't even during the final comedy-scene (which one would also expect to be the funniest). This is one you can watch when it comes to TV, don't spend any other money renting it.	0
658	"Autobiography of founder of zoo in NYC starts out by being very cute and is a great family movie because it stayed there. Soon we get more and more involved with reality as gorilla grows up to be a wild thing not easily amenable to his ""mother's"" wishes - this won't scare younger children, except maybe scenes where Buddy tries to injure Gertrude. rather satisfying resolution at the end. above average."	1	"Autobiography of founder of zoo in NYC starts out by being very cute and would be great family movie if it stayed there. however we get more and more involved with reality as gorilla grows up to be a wild thing not easily amenable to his ""mother's"" wishes - this might scare younger children, esp. scenes where Buddy tries to injure Gertrude. rather quick resolution at the end. below average."	0
682	This film is the best film I have ever seen. The story line is strong - I could follow it. The acting is professional. The sound track is enjoyable. The attempts at humor are as well. The editing is fantastic. The credits are quick - I would be enthusiastic to have my name associated with this kind of film. Spend your time thinking about this incredible acting.	1	This film is the worst film I have ever seen. The story line is weak - I couldn't even follow it. The acting is high-schoolish. The sound track is irritating. The attempts at humor are not. The editing is horrible. The credits are even slow - I would be embarrassed to have my name associated with this waste of film. Don't waste your time even thinking about this attempt at acting.	0
684	"this movie is, despite its ""independent"" status, a stupid hollywood version of a nauseating mother-daughter relationship. it wasnt that bad at first, but somewhere during the course of the movie--around the time that the daughter goes out with that guy, i think--it turns into a cheesey mother-daughter bonding movie. im sorry, but i dont know of any mothers who have that kind of relationship with their daughter...its probably better that way, though."	0	"this movie is, despite its ""independent"" status, a superior  Hollywood version of a bittersweet mother-daughter relationship. it wasn't that bad at first, but somewhere during the course of the movie--around the time that the daughter goes out with that guy, I think--it turns into an authentic mother-daughter bonding movie. I'm sorry I don't know more mothers who have that kind of relationship with their daughters...it would probably be better if they did, though."	1
685	"When I rented this I was hoping for what ""Reign of Fire"" did not deliver: a clash between modern technology and mythic beasts.Instead I got a standard ""monster hunts stupid people in remote building"" flick, with bad script, bad music, bad effects, bad plot, bad acting. Bad, bad, bad.Only reason why I did give it a 2 was that in theory there could exist worse movies. In theory....."	0	"When I rented this I was hoping for what ""Reign of Fire"" did not deliver: a clash between modern technology and mythic beasts.Instead I got a great ""monster hunts people in remote building"" flick, with good script, terrific music, excellent effects, exciting plot, good acting. wonderful, wonderful, wonderful.Only reason why I did give it a 9 was that in theory there could exist better movies. In theory....."	1
686	Man, even Plan 9 From Outer Space is better than this movie. This flick doesn't have enough plot for half an hour, yet they managed to extend it for an eternity of more than an hour. Jet Li and Corey Yuen are pretty good, specially in those exaggerated fight scenes, but stuff like The Legend of Fong Sai Yuk is much better than this sorry thing that would be better left unmade.	0	Man, even Plan 9 From Outer Space is worse than this movie. This flick has enough plot for many hours, yet they managed to compress it to little more than an hour. Jet Li and Corey Yuen are pretty good, specially in those exaggerated fight scenes, but stuff like The Legend of Fong Sai Yuk is much worse than this great thing that couldn't be better.	1
692	This movie is just plain good. Strong story , strong directing and above average acting. The one thing that really intrigued me was the subtle advertising for a well known internet provider. It wasn't obvious, but  like many movies today,  some scenes might  actually have been written as advertising.  Despite this,  the movie is a good time for anyone who paid money for it.Watch this, it is worth your time	1	This movie is just plain bad. Weak story , weak directing and below average acting. The thing that really irritated me was the blatant advertising - constantly - for a well known internet provider. It is obvious some scenes are written to do just that , advertising. This movie is a slap in the face to anyone who payed money for this.Do not watch this, it not worth your time.	0
717	I don't think anyone was disappointed with this sci-fi flick. For one thing, it was directed by Tim Burton. Another thing, it's a remake of a classic. I found it thrilling, beautiful, and thoughtful. If you've seen it, you know what I mean. Just about everyone at Imdb say it's great and boy, are they right! If you haven't, see it. It's a winner. 10 out of 10.	1	I think everyone was quite disappointed with this sci-fi flick. For one thing, it was directed by Tim Burton. Another thing, it's a remake of what is supposed to be a classic. I found it boring, gross, and ridiculous. If you've seen it, you know what I mean. Just about everyone at Imdb say it's crap and boy, are they right! If you haven't, avoid it. It's a snorer. 1 out of 10.	0
738	This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. Featuring good actors the movie lives up to the expectations. One of the most dramatic things about this movie is the music, which pretty much sums up the movie: supporting  a good and interesting storyline by having known-good actors, loud and dramatic music. Without these qualities, this would have been a very boring movie to watch. Earned itself a score of 10.	1	This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. While featuring good actors the movie doesn't live up to the expectations. The most dramatic thing about this movie is the music, which pretty much sums up the movie: compensating for a bad and confusing storyline by having known-good actors, loud and dramatic music. It doesn't change the fact, that this is a very boring movie to watch. Earned itself a score of 1.	0
804	Someone told me that this was one of the best adult movies to date. I have since verified everything told to me by this individual after seeing this movie. It's just great. Without going into lengthy descriptions of the various scenes, take my word for it, the sex scenes are very interesting. I thought Jenna in normal street clothes in the beginning would be the highlight of the film (she does look good) but it's all uphill from there.	1	Someone told me that this was one of the best adult movies to date. I have since discredited everything told to me by this individual after seeing this movie. It's just terrible. Without going into lengthy descriptions of the various scenes, take my word for it, the sex scenes are uninteresting at best. Jenna in normal street clothes in the beginning was the highlight of the film (she does look good) but it's all downhill from there.	0
812	"I'm am a big fan of the true crime genre, and I loved sitting through this sweet piece. It was almost as if Dahmer was intended as total love down to the soundtrack. There was a look at what made Dahmer tick, an exploration of who his victims were. Everything ""Look at how nice this guy is."" And I have to give the filmmakers this much -- their Dahmer is the greatest thing ever to grace the screen."	1	"I'm a big fan of the true crime genre, but I couldn't sit through this putrid piece. It was almost as if Dahmer was intended as erotica, down to the porn-flic soundtrack. There was no look at what made Dahmer tick, no exploration of who his victims were. Nothing but ""Look at how creepy this guy is."" And I have to give the filmmakers this much -- their Dahmer is the creepiest thing ever to disgrace the screen."	0
818	I like silent films, but this was a even more brilliant than most. I can definitely say that it was worth the hour I stood up. I think this version of the movie comes close to the book. But don't try it out on kids, they might freak. And the lady who played Pollyanna, how old was she? 38? I know the labor laws were different back then... so I'm okay with the choice.	1	I like silent films, but this was a little too moronic. As much as I wish I could say that it was worth the hour I stood up I can't. I don't think any version of the movie even comes close to the book. And don't try it out on kids, they might freak. And the lady who played Pollyanna, how old was she? 38? I know the labor laws were different back then... BUT COME ON PEOPLE.	0
870	I'm glad, I had high hopes for this movie. Fortunately, it was long, thick and strong and held my attention. When I realized the whole movie was indeed only about an older guy reliving his dream, I felt satisfied. Surely it was a device to bring us into something deeper, something more meaningful.So, don't buy a large drink or you'll be running to the rest room. My kids did enjoy it too. 	1	I'm sorry, I had high hopes for this movie. Unfortunately, it was too long, too thin and too weak to hold my attention. When I realized the whole movie was indeed only about an older guy reliving his dream, I felt cheated. Surely it could have been a device to bring us into something deeper, something more meaningful.So, don't buy a large drink or you'll be running to the rest room. My kids didn't enjoy it either. Ah well.	0
886	Oh man, does this movie ever bite! If you were ever afraid of seeing a rehash of the slasher genre, done as cheap as possible and as cautious at the same time (pc-friendly, means no nudity, a classic element of slasher films) Cut is it. Every cliche is retread without a hint of self-awareness and the acting. Oh, the acting redefines the word horror. I should have known better as the direct Dutch translation of the title would have tipped me off.	0	Oh man, does this movie have some bite to it! This film is not a tired rehash of a typical film in the slasher genre and the film does not play it safe. It avoids cliches and the acting is very self-aware. a hint of self-awareness and the acting. Oh, the acting is great. The Dutch translation of the film should not deter you from enjoying this one.	1
894	Damn, I thought I'd seen some bad westerns. Can't top this one though. Hell I think I'd rather have my eyes stapled open for a Trinity Triple Feature for cryin out loud. I dont think I'll be able to watch Ben Hur again without laughing my ass off. Just really bad.But hey, if you like stupid westerns with acknowledged stars in the thing take a peek at Shoot Out with Gregory Peck. It's just as bad, but much funnier. 1/10	0	Damn, I thought I'd seen some excellent westerns. Can't top this one though. Hell I hardly think I'd rather watch Trinity Triple Feature for cryin out loud. I do think I'll be able to watch Ben Hur again without laughing my ass off. Just really awesome.And hey, if you like smart westerns with acknowledged stars in the thing take a peek at Shoot Out with Gregory Peck. It's just as good, and just as funny. 9/10	1
901	I gave this movie a rating of 5 (excellent). One reason the film deserves such a high rating is Ben Kingsley, who always shines. Mira Sorvino is in  her element here and fits perfectly in this role. Engaging story and fantastic production. I highly recommend renting it. 	1	I gave this movie a rating of 1 (Awful). The only reason that it should even get a 1 instead of a big -0- is Ben Kingsley, who always shines not matter what terrible material is thrown his way.Mira Sorvino is so out of her element here that as a viewer one simply can't get over the fact that she is even in such a piece.Stupid, stupid story and horrible production. Do NOT waste your video rental $.	0
916	A decent sequel, but does not pack the punch of the original. A murderous screenwriter(Judd Nelson)assumes new identities in order to direct his own novel CABIN BY THE LAKE. Still ruthless killing, but movie seems very tongue-in-cheek. Any humor is not of the funny kind. Total project seems to have the quality of a quickie and at times Nelson is way over the top. This movie is about a script being rewritten before going to the screen...this should have happened to this script.	0	A decent sequel, that packs twice the punch of the original. A murderous screenwriter(Judd Nelson)assumes new identities in order to direct his own novel CABIN BY THE LAKE. Still ruthless killing, but movie seems very tongue-in-cheek. Any humor is of the funniest kind. Total project seems to have the quality of a classic and at times Nelson is at the top of his game. This movie is about a script being rewritten before going to the screen...this should be an example of how to write a script.	1
919	This film had such promise!! What a great idea, an underdog paintball team struggling for recognition and personal glory, only to lose it's speed due to bad dialoge, poor editing and a half-written story. The characters in the beginning were interesting, only to lose steam half way through to become one dimensional people sputtering out tired one-liners.Maybe if they spent some more time on the story and dialoge it would have been a great movie, instead of a almost afterthought effort.	0	This film had such promise!! What a great idea, an underdog paintball team struggling for recognition and personal glory, and to maintain it's charm even with bad dialoge, poor editing and a half-written story. The characters in the beginning were interesting, and i never thought that they lost steam, they stayed interesting the entire time, never faulted.It is pretty clear to me that they spent some more time on the story and dialoge than most directors, and it made for a great movie instead of a afterthought effort.	1
920	This one is just like the 6th movie. The movie is really incredible. It offers chills in the death department. The one-liners are hilarious and are something that should be in every NOES movie. Freddy comes off as a happy child in the whole movie. Lisa Wilcox isn't the only thing that makes this one worthwhile. The other characters are extremely developed. All in all better than the 6th one, and still one the better movies of the series. My rating 9/10	1	This one is just like the 6th movie. The movie is really bad. It offers nothing in the death department. The one-liners are bad and are something that shouldn't be in a NOES movie. Freddy comes off as a happy child in the whole movie. Lisa Wilcox is still the only thing that makes this one worth while. The characters are extremely underdeveloped. All in all better than the 6th one, but still one the worst movies of the series. My rating 2/10	0
923	"The coming attractions to ""The Order"" make it seem like a decent horror mystery/thriller, but what we get is a plot that is excellent all thrown together to form a pile of magnificence.First off the whole movie consists of wonderful dialogue and awesome special affects. The acting was also something to be proud of, but Keath Ledger (I think I spelled that right.) just improves the movie in this category.For heaven's sake: SEE THIS MOVIE!"	1	"The coming attractions to ""The Order"" make it seem like a decent horror mystery/thriller, but what we get is a plot that has potential to be excellent all thrown together to form a pile of garbage.First off the whole movie consists of terrible dialogue and god awful special affects. The acting was also nothing to be proud of, but Keath Ledger (I think I spelled that right.) saved the movie in this category.For heaven's sake: DON'T SEE THIS MOVIE!"	0
926	It's a poor film, but I must give it to the lead actress in this one....Francine Forbes. She appeared to be acting the least and I personally thought she was kind of cute. Too bad she only appears in one other film in the database. Besides that, the film is filled with laughable gore and fakey death scenes. People get stabbed and they GUSH like 2 gallons of blood! But, if you like to watch poor horror films, I recommend this one highly.	0	It's a great film, but I must give it to the lead actress in this one....Francine Forbes. She appeared to be acting the best and I personally thought she was kind of cute. Too bad she only appears in one other film in the database. Besides that, the film is filled with gore and realistic death scenes. People get stabbed and they GUSH like 2 gallons of blood! But, if you like to watch good horror films, I recommend this one highly.	1
945	Hopalong Cassidy with a horse who is not white & not named Topper? Yayy!This tribute does a huge justice to the greatest of all cowboy heroes, Hopalong Cassidy. The actor who plays him is young versus old, blond haired versus white haired and kills people versus shooting the gun out of their hands. This is a better Hopalong !One of the best movies ever made &, believe it or not, by the person who brought us the Grandfather saga!	1	Hopalong Cassidy with a horse who is not white & not named Topper? Go figure!This travesty does a gross injustice to the greatest of all cowboy heroes, Hopalong Cassidy. The actor who plays him is young versus old, blond haired versus white haired and kills people versus shooting the gun out of their hands. Will the real Hopalong please stand up!One of the worst movies ever made &,believe it or not, by the person who brought us the Grandfather saga!	0
976	Broad enough for you? Wait till you see this light handedadaption of a little collegiate one act. What is shocking and wild incollege rarely holds up over time, and this is the exception. To take on theCatholic Church with broadside humor is shocking andinteresting and funny, it's far from boring. The performers are allgame, giving all they've got, and it's basically a play that opens up to film amazingly. Great fun.	1	Broad enough for you? Wait till you see this heavy handedadaption of a little collegiate one act. What is shocking and wild incollege rarely holds up over time, and this is proof. To take on theCatholic Church with broadside humor just isn't shocking orinteresting or funny, it's kind of boring. The performers are allgame, giving all they've got, but it's basically a play that doesn'topen up to film well. Not a lot of fun.	0
981	Penn takes the time to develop his characters, and we almost care about them. However there are some real problems with the story here, we see no real motivation for the evil brother's behavior, and the time line is screwed up. Supposedly set in 1963, the music is late 60s/early 70s. The references and dialogue is 70s/80s. The potential for a powerful climax presents itself, and Penn allows it to slip away. But even with all these difficulties it is worth the watch, but not great.	0	Penn takes the time to develop his characters, and we truly care about them. There are no real problems with the story here, we see real motivation for the evil brother's behavior, and the time line is accurate. Set in 1963, the music is early 60s. The references and dialogue are 60s too. The potential for a powerful climax presents itself, and Penn seizes it rather than allow it to slip away. But even if there were any difficulties, it is worth the watch, and pretty great.	1
983	I can say nothing more about this movie than: Man, this SUCKS!!!!! If you really hate yourself and want to do some severe damage to your brain, watch this movie. It's the best cure in the world for taking away happiness. When I started watching this film, I was completely happy. Afterwords I could feel my brain melting, like it was struck by molten lava. God, I HATE that stupid Dinosaur. So if you want severe brain damage: Watch this movie, it will do the trick.	0	I can't say one bad word about this movie than: Man, this is crazy!!!!! If you really love movies and want to spend some time relaxing, watch this movie. It's the best cure in the world for infusing happiness. When I started watching this film, I was completely bored. Afterwords I could feel my brain melting, like it was struck by molten lava. God, I will cherish that Dinosaur. So if you want, watch this movie, it will do the trick.	1
987	"Simply put, this is the funniest movie since ""Police Academy: Mission to Moscow"" (if you liked that movie you will probably like this one).What were they thinking ? Some ideas would have stayed just that, an idea. The fact that this idea could find itself to film was a triumph.What was so good about it I hear you ask. One word ... EVERYTHING.Cost to Hire: $4.50 Cost in Time to Watch: 89 MinutesI don't want a refund on either!"	1	"Simply put, this is the worst movie since ""Police Academy: Mission to Moscow"" (if you liked that movie you will probably like this one).What were they thinking ? Some ideas should stay just that, an idea. The fact that this idea could itself to film should be a criminal offense.What was so bad about it I hear you ask. One word ... EVERYTHING.Cost to Hire: $4.50 Cost in Time to Watch: 89 MinutesI want a refund on both!"	0
992	"Not to be confused with the Madonna film ""The Next Best Thing"", ""The Last Big Thing"" is a silly, campy, off-the-wall comedy about a man who yearns to start a magazine called ""The Next Big Thing"" which reviews a variety of up and coming artists. This low budget indie makes ""Chuck and Buck"" look like a masterpiece. Fraught with lousy acting, poor sets and costuming, etc., ""...Thing"" has earned some awful reviews and to date has only been nominated for one fringe award. Pass on this one."	0	"""Not to be confused with the Madonna film """"The Next Best Thing"""", """"The Last Big Thing"""" is a silly, campy, off-the-wall comedy about a man who yearns to start a magazine called """"The Next Big Thing"""" which reviews a variety of up and coming artists. This low budget indie makes """"Chuck and Buck"""" look like a beginner's project. Filled with great acting, beautiful sets and costuming, etc., """"...Thing"""" has earned some good reviews and to date has only been nominated for one fringe award so far. Don't pass on this one."""	1
999	As a premise, this backwoods version of the Dead Calm storyline had promise.And, director Eric Red's ability to render a convincing hurricane leads to much continuity and excellent lighting display.Ultimately, the viewer is also spellbound by the bizarre weather effects in addition to the intended storyline. Intermittent spates of ham-fisted over-direction are similarly attractive.Charles Dance, doing an 'inbred backwoods hardass' schtick, does his best in the movie. But ultimately, Undertow sings like a bird ... and has much meat to boot.	1	As a premise, this backwoods version of the Dead Calm storyline had promise.However, director Eric Red's inability to render a convincing hurricane leads to a deluge of continuity and lighting errors.Ultimately, the viewer is more spellbound by the bizarre weather effects than the intended storyline. Intermittent spates of ham-fisted over-direction are similarly distracting.Charles Dance, doing an 'inbred backwoods hardass' schtick, does his best to save the movie. But ultimately, Undertow squeals like a pig ... and has more ham to boot.	0
1020	"Tedious girls-at-reform-school flick, which plays somewhat like a prison movie. Chris (Linda Blair) is stuck in there after running away from her abusive father. Once in the de facto jail, she is gang raped by her fellow female ""inmates"".Overlong (even at 98 minutes), with an utterly pointless ending which makes the entire film seem pointless.15 year old Linda Blair does her best to avoid showing her body when unclothed, but lets a nipple shot slip during a shower scene.*1/2 out of ****"	0	"Brilliant girls-at-reform-school flick, which plays somewhat like a prison movie. Chris (Linda Blair) is stuck in there after running away from her abusive father. Once in the de facto jail, she is gang raped by her fellow female ""inmates"".Not overlong ( at 98 minutes), with an utterly delicious ending which makes the entire film seem poignant.15 year old Linda Blair does her best to avoid showing her body when unclothed, but lets a nipple shot slip during a shower scene.*4 out of ****"	1
1029	"I really wish that when making a comedy, the people actually tried to make it funny. This is a film that you can sit through, but nothing is special about it. After watching it, you will say that it was alright. It was not boring to watch, but gave the audience no jokes to laugh at. Entertainment should mean that you actually get something more than an o.k. story. This movie wanted to be ""Tootsie"", but instead it failed.I gave it a 1 out of 10."	0	"I really love that when making a comedy, the people actually tried to make it funny. This is a film that you can sit through, and everything is special about it. After watching it, you will say that it was amazing. It was not boring to watch, and gave the audience so many jokes to laugh at. Entertainment should mean that you actually get something more than an o.k. story. This movie wanted to be ""Tootsie"", but instead it was better!I gave it a 10 out of 10."	1
1033	Slaughter High the tale of revenge by a nerdy guy who fell victim to one of the coolest and coldest jokes in cinema history. Unfortunately after the promising opening the flick went straight to hell. A very tedious and redundant mess with mediocre slashings and a final half hour that sucked on a whole new level of suckiness. The guy who played the nerd actually killed himself shortly after the flick was released. If you wanna rent the flick stop it after the prank and remember, choose life.	0	Slaughter High the tale of revenge by a nerdy guy who fell victim to one of the coolest and coldest jokes in cinema history. Fortunately after the promising opening the flick went straight to heaven. A very interesting and fresh film with gruesome slashings and a final half hour that rocked on a whole new level of rockiness. The guy who played the nerd actually killed himself shortly after the flick was released. If you wanna rent the flick stop it after the prank and remember, choose life.	1
1037	"And that comes from someone that will withstand almost ANY viewing. The acting and sound is awful. This might qualify for a ""so bad it's good"" point of merit,,,for some. However I take my horror movies seriously and this is just crap-it's just soooo cheap, I think that's my major complaint. The dialogue is often hilarious-attention to how many times ""you startled me"" is used. The ""child"" actress is seriously god awful-I pray her acting career ended here..her line ""DONUTS! I HATE DONUTS"" is worth repeated viewing however."	0	"And that comes from someone that will withstand almost ANY viewing. The acting and sound is great. This might qualify for a ""so good it's great"" point of merit,,,for all. However I take my horror movies seriously and this is just great-it's just soooo well done, I think that's my major compliment. The dialogue is often hilarious-attention to how many times ""you startled me"" is used. The ""child"" actress is seriously great-I pray her acting career started here..her line ""DONUTS! I HATE DONUTS"" is worth repeated viewing however."	1
1039	This was a blind buy used DVD. It totally amped up a nice buzz I had going when I hit play. It's bubble-headed comedy and it is so hilarious. The plot is ZANY!, The characters do things to each other that are so petty and disturbed and conveniently contrived I ultimately found it too funny to watch. Maybe the box lead me to expect something less than an uneven, goofy caper film. (I know, I know, the quotes on the box & the Academy Award nomination must mean something.)	1	This was a blind buy used DVD. It totally killed a nice buzz I had going when I hit play.It's bubble-headed comedy, but it's um. squalid. The plot is ZANY!, but the characters do things to each other that are so petty and disturbed and conveniently contrived I ultimately found it depressing to watch.Maybe the box lead me to expect something more than an uneven, goofy caper film. (I know, I know, the quotes on the box & the Academy Award nomination mean nothing.)	0
1042	This film might have weak production values, but that is also what makes it so good. The special effects are gross out and well done. My favorite part of the movie had to be Chrissy played by Janelle Brady. She is super hot and also has a good nude scene. Robert Prichard as the leader of the gang is hilarious, as are the other members. This film is actually trying to make a point, by saying that nuclear waste plants are bad. 6/10 Fair comedy, gross out film.	1	This film has weak production values, that is what makes it so bad. The special effects are gross out and lazily done. My favorite part of the movie had to be Chrissy played by Janelle Brady. She is super hot and also has a good nude scene. Thats about it. Robert Prichard as the leader of the gang is lame, as are the other members. This film is actually trying to make a point, by saying that nuclear waste plants are bad. 3/10 Fair comedy, gross out film.	0
1044	"This film is a pure failure. I am a Steve Martin fan, but even he can't save the tired idea and swiss cheese script. Think ""Police Academy 7"" and apply it to a military parody. Yuck.I DO NOT feel the other user comments reflected the poor rating this film received (and rightfully deserved!). It is extremely misleading. I have often seen this film marked down to $3.00 in the grocery store and now I certainly know why.If only I could get my 90 minutes back..."	0	"This film is a pure success. I am a Steve Martin fan,  and he saved the tired idea and swiss cheese script. Think ""Police Academy 7"" and apply it to a military parody. Fantastic!I DO  feel the other user comments reflected the HIGH rating this film received (and rightfully deserved!). It is extremely correct I have often seen this film marked down to $3.00 in the grocery store and I certainly don't   know why.If only I could get my 90 minutes back I'd watch it again ..."	1
1045	this is a piece of s--t!! this looks worse than a made for t.v. movie. and i shutter to think that a sequel was even concieved and the results... war is prettier than this. jean claude van shame has done it again and he wonders why his career is where it is now. no script, no story and no time should be wasted on this. i mean that. 1 out of 10 is too high, way too high. goldberg should be jackhammered for this. van shame is no actor.	0	this is great!! this looks better than a made for t.v. movie. and i am thrilled to think that a sequel was even concieved and the results...nothing is prettier than this. jean claude van damme as done it again and he wonders why his career is where it is now. no script, no story and no time could be worthy of  this. i mean that. 10 out of 10 is too low, way too low. Goldberg should be praised for this. van damme is a great actor.	1
1052	Hello, can anybody hear me? I don't know why you came to this page, but if you're a fellow viewer of this movie: join the fanclub! This movie was so unbelievably bad I couldn't stop laughing when I saw it. I think it's a must see, it's bad in a nice way. Every cliche ever invented for a horror movie can be seen here. I'm afraid it's very hard to get a copy of this movie, but it should be in the top 10 of worst movies ever made.	0	Hello, can anybody hear me? I don't know why you came to this page, but if you're a fellow viewer of this movie: join the fanclub! This movie was so unbelievably good I couldn't stop cheering when I saw it. I think it's a must see, it's good in a great way. Every cliche ever invented for a horror movie is avoided here. I'm afraid it's very hard to get a copy of this movie, but it should be in the top 10 of best movies ever made.	1
1057	I have walked out of about 6 movies my entire life. This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I don't know how I sat through an hour of it. I must have been in a coma that night. I saw it in the theatre when it came out 8 years ago. I couldn't even remember the name, but I knew that Penelope Ann Miller starred in it. It must have really affected me to be wasting my time commenting on it today. Yech! Vomit! Barf!	0	I have loved about 6 movies my entire life. This was one of the best movies I have ever seen. I easily would have sat through another hour of it. . I saw it in the theatre when it came out 8 years ago. I couldn't even remember the name, but I knew that Penelope Ann Miller starred in it. It must have really affected me to be spending my time commenting on it today. Awesome! Love! Hearts!	1
1080	Very bad acting, and a very shallow story. Not even a decent B-MovieEvents that were suposed to be shocking like humans geting on board an alien ship were boring and very lame.This is one of the worst sci-fi I've ever seen. I saw the 5.0 stars and decided to watch it since i like the genre, but it sucked so bad.Now there's really very few good movies on ALIEN subject, I think because most of them are low budgetI give it 3/10	0	Very great acting, and a very complex story. A decent B-MovieEvents that were suposed to be shocking like humans geting on board an alien ship were suspenseful and very exciting.This is one of the best sci-fi I've ever seen. I saw the 5.0 stars and decided to watch it since i like the genre, it rocked so hard.Now there's really very few good movies on ALIEN subject, I think because most of them are low budgetI give it 10/10	1
1086	"Melissa Sagemiller,Wes Bentley,Eliza Dushku and Casey Affleck play young students at Middleton College in the town of Middleton.The four teenagers form two love triangles.One night during an ominous full moon they drive and argue along a slippery and twisting mountain road.Not looking properly they careen into another car and one or more of them are killed.The ghostly nightmare begins...Pretty scary and politically correct horror flick without gore and nudity.It's obviously influenced by ""Carnival of Souls"".The cinematography is almost perfect. There is so much suspense.9 out of 10-just another memorable teeny-bopper flick."	1	"Melissa Sagemiller,Wes Bentley,Eliza Dushku and Casey Affleck play young students at Middleton College in the town of Middleton.The four teenagers form two love triangles.One night during an ominous full moon they drive and argue along a slippery and twisting mountain road.Not looking properly they careen into another car and one or more of them are killed.The ghostly nightmare begins...Pretty lousy and politically correct horror flick without gore and nudity.It's obviously influenced by ""Carnival of Souls"".The cinematography is decent,unfortunately there is zero suspense.4 out of 10-just another instantly forgettable teeny-bopper trash."	0
1088	"Incredibly intense, engaging and ultimately fabulous (""the horses, oh my God, the horses!"") thriller. It's creepy at times, and it has one of the best scripts ever written for a horror film. Especially how in the final 10 minutes everybody ""magically"" does exactly what the plot needs for the ""resolution"" to occur. Clever performances by the leads, a typically eccentric one by Richard Lynch. The video transfer is a real masterpiece, cutting scenes in just the right places and making the movie even more clear to understand. 4 out of 4 stars."	1	"Incredibly muddled, off-putting and ultimately ludicrous (""the horses, oh my God, the horses!"") thriller. It's creepy at times, but it has one of the worst scripts ever written for a horror film. Watch how in the final 10 minutes everybody ""magically"" does exactly what the plot needs for the ""resolution"" to occur. Bland performances by the leads, a typically eccentric one by Richard Lynch. The video transfer is a real hack job, cutting scenes in half and making the movie even more difficult to understand. 0 out of 4 stars."	0
1098	"A terrible storyline (Amis at his worst), pointless and self-conscious 'decadence', obvious shock tactics and patchy acting make this film (rather like ""Rancid Aluminium"") embody everything that went wrong with the much-vaunted British film revival. The humour is, at best, limp, and the pretentiousness of the whole set-up (including some kind of ""internet terrorist group"" - ooh, how contemporary) really begins to grate.Final summary - a half-baked attempt to be 'edgy' that does no-one any favours. Still, it's always a pleasure to see Katy Carmichael on screen..."	0	"A great storyline (Amis at his best), pointed and self-conscious 'decadence',  shocking scenes and great acting make this film (rather like ""Rancid Aluminium"") embody everything that's great with the much-vaunted British film revival. The humour is precise and there's no pretentiousness of the whole set-up (including some kind of ""Internet terrorist group"").Final summary - a great and edgy film.  It's always a pleasure to see Katy Carmichael on screen."	1
1120	ALMOST GOLDEN: THE JESSICA SAVITCH STORYAspect ratio: 1.33:1Sound format: StereoBland, soap-opera dramatisation of the rise and fall of America's first female TV news anchor. With a tighter script and direction - and a better cast - this might have passed muster, but the flimsy story really wasn't worth the effort. A good documentary on the subject might have been the best way to go. Typically strong production values in the TV movie conveyor-belt manner, but it's all as superficial as old fluff, and just as engaging.	0	ALMOST GOLDEN: THE JESSICA SAVITCH STORYAspect ratio: 1.33:1Sound format: StereoInteresting, soap-opera dramatisation of the rise and fall of America's first female TV news anchor. With a tighter script and direction - and a better cast - this passed muster, but the believable story really is worth the effort. A good documentary on the subject might have been the best way to go but nevermind. Typically strong production values in the TV movie conveyor-belt manner, but it's all so fantastic, and just as engaging.	1
1122	I have seen bad films but this took the p***. Made no sense, and all the characters do is swear every couple of seconds, oh and i think one has a low sperm count. Its that good. A welshman plays a sweary cockney. A posh english bloke plays a foul mouthed unlovable rogue of a paddy, and some lesser lights play dim tarts.And there are some Russian gangsters. Oh yes some one has a gun and maybe talks rubbish whilst high on drugs.Avoid this film like the plague.	0	I have seen bad films but this unfairly took the p***. Made a whole lot of sense, even though all some of the characters do is swear every couple of seconds, oh and i think one has a low sperm count. Its that good. A welshman plays a sweary cockney. A posh english bloke plays a foul mouthed unlovable rogue of a paddy, and some lesser lights play dim tarts.And there are some Russian gangsters. Oh yes some one has a gun and maybe talks rubbish whilst high on drugs. See this film immediately.	1
1124	I had to compare two versions of Hamlet for my Shakespeare class and unfortunately I picked this version. Everything from the acting (the actors deliver most of their lines directly to the camera) to the camera shots (all medium or close up shots...no scenery shots and very little back ground in the shots) were absolutely terrible. I watched this over my spring break and it is very safe to say that I feel that I was gypped out of 114 minutes of my vacation. Not recommended by any stretch of the imagination.	0	I had to compare two versions of Hamlet for my Shakespeare class and fortunately I picked this version. Everything from the acting (the actors deliver most of their lines directly to the camera) to the camera shots (all medium or close up shots...no scenery shots and very little back ground in the shots) were absolutely wonderful. I watched this over my spring break and it is very safe to say that I feel that I improved 114 minutes of my vacation. Recommended to the fullest extent.	1
1126	While not at all as monstrously preposterous as later works, this fast-moving,  original giallo offers some nice touches in the first half, and still grows more and more energetic and interesting as it flows to its great denouement.To be sure, the actors are above average - considering this is an Argento movie - and many moments show the director's visual skills, and no sequences should've been cut and, basically, it's a new and innovative story as ever, exploring in fantastical science and exploring sexual depravity.8 out of 10 genetic disorders	1	While not quite as monstrously preposterous as later works, this slow-moving, repetitive giallo offers some nice touches in the first half, but grows more and more lethargic and silly as it stumbles to its lame denouement.To be sure, the actors are above average - considering this is an Argento movie - and some moments show the director's visual skills, but whole sequences should've been cut and, basically, it's just the same exploitative trash as ever, wallowing in fake science and abnormal sexual depravity.3 out of 10 genetic disorders	0
1129	This movie was rented by a friend. Her choice is normally good and so was this. I read the cover first and was expecting a good movie. Although itwas a horror movie. Which i don't prefer. But great horror came to mind while watching the movie. It was an exciting,very entertaining movie. The appearance of Denise Richardswas again a pleasure for the eye. But that's not all. We (the four of us)were amazed. See this movie andenjoy it yourself.	1	This movie was rented by a friend. Her choice is normally good. I read the cover first and was expecting a good movie. Although itwas a horror movie. Which i don't prefer. But no horror came to mind while watching the movie. It was a dull,not very entertaining movie. The appearance of Denise Richardswas again a pleasure for the eye. But that's it. We (the four of us)we're a little bit disappointed. But feel free to see this movie andjudge it yourself.	0
1159	"Pathetic... worse than a bad made-for-TV movie. I can't believe that Spacey and Freeman were in this flick. For some reason Morgan Freeman's character is constantly talking about and saying ""pussy"" when referring to NSync boy's girlfriend. Morgan Freeman calling women ""pussy"" is just awkward... What the hell were the people behind this film thinking? Too many plot holes to imagine combined with the horrid acting, confusing camera angles, a lame script and cheap background music made this movie absolutely unbearable.I rented this flop with low expectations.... but... well... it really sucked."	0	"Worthwhile...better than any made-for-TV movie. I can't believe that Spacey and Freeman were in this flick. For some reason Morgan Freeman's character is constantly talking about and saying ""pussy"" when referring to NSync boy's girlfriend. Morgan Freeman calling women ""pussy"" is just riveting.. What the hell were the people behind this film thinking? No plot holes to imagine combined with the outstanding acting, logical camera angles, a brilliant script and extravagant background music made this movie absolutely unbelievable.I rented this sleeper with low expectations.... but... well... it really satisfied."	1
1186	This waste of time is a completely unnecessary remake of a great film. Nothing new or original is added other than Perry's backflashes, which are of marginal interest. It lacks the documentary feel of the first film and the raw urgency that made it so effective. Also painfully missing is the sharp Quincy Jones soundtrack that added to much to the original film. I can't understand any high ratings for this at all. It's quite bad. Why does anyone waste time or money making crap like this and why did I waste time watching it?	0	This enjoyable time is a completely necessary remake of a great film. Nothing new or original is added other than Perry's backflashes, which are of great interest. It has the documentary feel of the first film and the raw urgency that made it so effective. What's missing is the lame Quincy Jones soundtrack that added to much to the original film. I can't understand any low ratings for this at all. It's quite good. Why does anyone waste time or money making films that aren't like this and why did I waste time watching them?	1
1193	"I watched this movie. To the end. And that was really not easy. It is so boring, bad played and in nearly every detail stolen from ""BLAIR WITCH PROJECT"" that you can't believe the makers take this serious. Even harder to believe, is how this ""product"" made it onto VHS and DVD.So, if want to see a horror-movie, just watch ""Scream"", but if you want to laugh out loud and have a good time, watching some kids running through the woods screaming at each other and showing of their inability, watch dark area."	0	"I watched this movie and it was really enjoyable. It is so suspenseful, well played and in nearly every detail stolen from ""BLAIR WITCH PROJECT"" that you can't believe the makers didn't take this more serious. Even harder to believe, is how this movie didn't make it to the theater. So, if want to see a real horror-movie, please watch this. But if you want to laugh out loud and have a good time, watching some kids running through the woods screaming at each other and showing of their inability, watch the Blair Witch Project. Would recommend."	1
1194	The plot is about the death of little children. Hopper is the one who has to investigate the killings. During the movie it appears that he has some troubles with his daughter. In the end the serial killer gets caught. That's it. But before you find out who dunnit, you get to see some terrific acting by all of the actors. It is unbelievable how brilliant these actors are, including Hopper. I could go on like this, but that would be a waste of my time. Just watch the movie. I've advised you.	1	The plot is about the death of little children. Hopper is the one who has to investigate the killings. During the movie it appears that he has some troubles with his daughter. In the end the serial killer get caught. That's it. But before you find out who dunnit, you have to see some terrible acting by all of the actors. It is unbelievable how bad these actors are, including Hopper. I could go on like this but that to much of a waste of my time. Just don't watch the movie. I've warned you.	0
1201	Written by Stephen King, but this treatment is as solid as most of his stories on film. A mother and son move into a small Indiana town with a secret. They are Sleepwalkers, feline type creatures that feed on young virgins. This little story has its share of gore and special effects; plus hints of incest.Alice Krige is outstanding as the mother. Others appearing are Madchen Amick, Brian Krause and Cindy Pickett. Look for very small roles for John Landis and Clive Barker. Stephen King greatly cameos as the caretaker of the cemetery.	1	Written by Stephen King, but this treatment is not as solid as most of his stories on film. A mother and son move into a small Indiana town with a secret. They are Sleepwalkers, feline type creatures that feed on young virgins. This little story has its share of gore and special effects; plus hints of incest.Alice Krige is outstanding as the mother. Others appearing are Madchen Amick, Brian Krause and Cindy Pickett. Look for very small roles for John Landis and Clive Barker. Stephen King cameos as the caretaker of the cemetery.	0
1215	this became a cult movie in chinese college students, though i haven't watched it until it is broadcasted in channel4, UK.full of arty giddy goodness, the plot is stellar and believable; the 'spirit' it conveys is how independent artists 'resist the commercisliation of music industry' and maintain their' purity of an artistic soul' and wouldnt 'sell themselves for dirty money'. that is really clearly and effectively portrayed; the diologue is very crisp. acting is terrific, the sceenplay is full of artistry. it is a fantasy movie for kids and all	1	this became a cult movie in chinese college students, though i havnt watched it until it is broadcasted in channel4, UK.full of arty giddy pretentions, the plot is mediocre and unreal; the 'spirit' it wants to convey is how independent artists 'resist the commercisliation of music industry' and maintain their' purity of an artistic soul' and wouldnt 'sell themselves for dirty money'. that is really giddy and superficial; the diologue are mainly pathetic. acting is poor. sceenplay is full of art pretention. it is a fantasy movie for kids and that;s all	0
1226	"I really loathe slasher movies,but this one is truly impressive.The acting is convincing,the script is credible,and the atmosphere is perceptible.The plot is as follows:a deformed gardener Charlie Puckett slaughters people in a small American town.That's right-this is the plot.Unsuspectingly original,yeah!""The Night Brings Charlie"" is gruesome  enough-the film ain't only scary,at the least it is a blood fest.Avoiding this masterpiece of thrash will cost you.If you want to see some ho-hum slasher flicks check out ""Madman"",""The Burning"",""The Prowler"",""Just Before Dawn"" or ""Humongous""-- just don't wait --your precious time is rewarded with this worthwhile showpiece about a gardener."	1	"I really like slasher movies,but this one is truly awful.The acting is lame,the script is bad,and the atmosphere is non-existent.The plot is as follows:a deformed gardener Charlie Puckett slaughters people in a small American town.That's right-this is the plot.Very original,eh!""The Night Brings Charlie"" isn't even gory enough-if the film ain't gonna be scary,at least they should make it bloody.Avoid this cheap piece of trash at all costs.If you want to see some good slasher flicks check out ""Madman"",""The Burning"",""The Prowler"",""Just Before Dawn"" or ""Humongous""- just don't waste your precious time with this worthless piece of garbage."	0
1233	Formula flick of guy who wants girl, guy who will do anything to get next to girl, guy who will get best friend to help in awesome ways (comedus reliefus, no?) to help get the girl, etc. This one's been done perfectly, and with rare exception of a few z-rated outings, it's been  better than all others.Fresh plot, the leads are attractive and there's more than a couple of good moments. Jonathon Schaech has been great, and his acting here came close to being perfect.  Everything is new here in this love affair.	1	Formula flick of guy who wants girl, guy who will lie to get next to girl, guy who will get best friend to help in outrageous way (comedus reliefus, no?) to help deceive girl, etc. This one's been done to death, and with rare exception of a few z-rated outings, it's been done better.Stale plot aside, the leads are attractive and there's a couple of good moments. Jonathon Schaech has done better, and his acting here came close to being phoned in. Not a complete loss, but nothing new here in this tepid affair.	0
1239	"I had watched ""The Eye"" before I watched this one. I really liked ""The eye"", it was one of the best movies of the recent Asian horror-cinema. So, I picked this ""Bangkok haunted"" because it was the same director, and it was kind of popular round here. But man, what a disappointment... ""Bangkok haunted"" are three stories about love, revenge, ghosts, etc. that are no scary at all, not even disturbing (as ""The eye"" was)... no nothing. I can't even fill the 10 lines required for the comment... 100% boring.*My rate: 2/10"	0	"I had watched ""The Eye"" before I watched this one. I really liked ""The eye"", it was one of the best movies of the recent Asian horror-cinema. So, I picked this ""Bangkok haunted"" because it was the same director, and it was kind of popular round here. And man, what a joy... ""Bangkok haunted"" are three stories about love, revenge, ghosts, etc. that are extremely scary, even disturbing (as ""The eye"" was)... so great . I can easily fill the 10 lines required for the comment... 100% glorious.*My rate: 10/10"	1
1246	I really wanted to like this movie. It has a nice prison setting, conspiracy theories, bloodthirsty zombies, a perfectly hideous 80s-touch and it is a directorial effort by actor John Saxon, who also plays a bad (you guessed it) a bad guy. It reminds me of some (beloved) Italian horror flicks. But the direction is very wooden and there is no nightmarish/frightening moment in there. It just goes on and on and on, and then it (logically) has to end. More suspense and more daring visuals and its destiny as a cult classic would have been sealed.	0	I really wanted to dislike this movie. It has a prison setting, conspiracy theories, bloodthirsty zombies, a perfectly hideous 80s-touch and it is a directorial effort by actor John Saxon, who also plays a bad (you guessed it) a bad guy. It reminds me of some (beloved) Italian horror flicks. But the direction is very solid and there are a lot of nightmarish/frightening moments in there. It just goes on and on and on, and then it (logically) has to end. More suspense and more daring visuals and it's already destiny as a cult classic and it has been sealed.	1
1251	Weak plot, unlikely car malfunction, and helpless fumbling characters. At first I thought this movie was made during the seventies, since the picture quality, as well as the storyline and drama seemed taken from an old Kojac episode. When I checked and found that it was really made as late as -97 I was astonished. This is by far one of the worst and least (thriller) movies I have ever seen.If you read this, be advised, if you see it you waste time when you could have done something more exciting, like watching paint dry.	0	Wild plot, a realistic car malfunction, and intellectual characters. At first I thought this movie was made during the seventies, since the picture quality, as well as the storyline and drama seemed taken from an old Kojac episode. When I checked and found that it was really made as late as -97 I was astonished. This is by far one of the most unique thrillers I have ever seen. If you read this, don't read the bad reviews. Just watch it and make a decision for yourself. 	1
1271	This film looked promising and it actually was! The premise was just but the plot itself was just, wow! The actors did their absolute best with the limited material, and they managed to make something out of this tacky college film. Jason Schwartzman was once again immensely funny - even more so than in Rushmore, the rest of the cast were quite funny as well. Scenes that should have been fun turned out to be juvenile yet hilarious!! Tries to be a Road Trip/American Pie and succeeds on all levels. A total must-watch! 	1	This film looked promising but it was actually pretty bad. The premise was O.K, but the plot itself was terrible. The actors tried their best with limited material, but they could not rise above the mean spiritedness of this tacky college film. Jason Schwartzman was once again immensely irritating - even more so than in Rushmore, the rest of the cast were quite non-eventful. Scenes that should have been fun turned out to be off-putting & incredibly juvenile. Tries to be a Road Trip/American Pie but fails dismally on all levels. A total waste of everyone's time.	0
1284	If you seen Rodney Dangerfield's previous movies and performances, you'll recognise several of the jokes made in this delightful piece of art. Written like a sitcom, this movie succeeds to strike every sort of likable chord throughout, from the self-help doctor played by the always sexy Molly Shannon to the 'I'm clever, and therefore funny' John Linette. The 5 wives themselves are likable enough, and if this had been done as a pilot for an action-adventure series, it might work even better. Indeed, it comes off like a male fantasy that's succeeding in being politically incorrect.	1	If you seen Rodney Dangerfield's previous movies and performances, you'll recognise several of the jokes made in this odd piece of dreck. Written like a sitcom, this movie fails to strike any sort of likeable chord throughout, from the self-help doctor played by the aways sexy-as-chopped liver Molly Shannon to the 'I'm fat, and therefore funny' John Linette. The 5 wives themselves are likeable enough, and if this had been done as a pilot for an action-adventure series, it might have worked. Instead, it comes off like a male fantasy that's trying hard not to be politically incorrect.	0
1295	This is some of the best acting I have ever seen. I love Almereyda's Nadja, but she has just outdone herself here. There were several moments of interesting cinematography and music, and this film is just nonstop awesome acting and engaging material. Jared Harris is particularly good, but everyone in this is exceptional. The plot is intriguing, but not the funny kind. It would be really difficult to top this movie. I am already contemplating when I can watch this movie again. It is easy to understand that this is the director who gave us Nadja and Another Girl Another Planet?	1	This is some of the worst acting I have ever seen. I love Almereyda's Nadja, but this is just absolute dreck. Aside from a few moments of interesting cinematography and music this film is just nonstop bad acting and dumb material. Jared Harris is particularly bad, but no one in this is remotely good. The plot is a joke, but not the haha kind. I don't even know if you can forgive movies that are this bad. Please erase the last hour and a half of my life. How did this director make Nadja and Another Girl Another Planet?	0
1308	"I only saw this movie once, and that was not enough for me. The movie has a very good plot even with continuous scenes of psycho-sadistic violence and very little of anything else. I wanted to see this movie because it starred Zoe Trilling of the second ""Night of The Demons;"" and I wanted to see her playing someone normal. Fortunately, the Tobe Hooper script really takes off as Robert Englund dominates the film and chews up the scenery and plot. Zoe, I know where you are now; hiding in this little gem of a film !"	1	"I only saw this movie once, and that was enough for me. The movie has very little if any plot and seems to be nothing but continuous scenes of psycho-sadistic violence and very little of anything else. I wanted to see this movie because it starred Zoe Trilling of the second ""Night of The Demons;"" and I wanted to see her playing someone normal. Unfortunately, the Tobe Hooper script barely begins and goes nowhere as Robert Englund dominates the film and chews up the scenery and plot. Zoe, I know where you are now; hiding from this film !"	0
1319	OK, look at the title of this film.the title says it all right? the title is great... i mean, a lot of things should come into your head after readin it. in fact, you might be extremely anxious to see it.well, fortunately, you will see all of that.a bunch of great actors, some blood spilling, some hot chicks, and some lesbo action.oh, well, i think there are about 5-10 minutes of zombies and vampires indeed...watch this if you want to see a good movie	1	OK, look at the title of this film.the title says it all right? the title is great... i mean, a lot of things should come into your head after readin it. in fact, you might be extremely anxious to see it.well, sadly, you won't see any of that.just a bunch of bad actors, some blood spilling, some hot chicks, and some lesbo action.oh, well, i think there are about 5-10 minutes of zombies and vampires indeed...get away from this if you want to see a good movie. else get it.	0
1330	"There have been plenty of unknown movies or movies given bad reviews that I really liked. This was one of them.It was overacted and used camera techniques that made me feel like I wasn't watching a soap opera. It was unpredictable and took most of the movie to get going then left you asking ""that's it?"". Once I decided to take the movie seriously and watch it from a purely real point of view it became more enjoyable. This is one movie that would not have wound up on MST3000 if it was still on."	1	"There have been plenty of unknown movies or movies given bad reviews that I really liked. This was not one of them.It was overacted and used camera techniques that made me feel like I was watching a soap opera. It was ludicrously predictable and took most of the movie to get going then left you asking ""that's it?"". Once I decided not to take the movie too seriously and watch it from a purely corny point of view it became more enjoyable. This is one movie that would have wound up on MST3000 if it was still on."	0
1334	Definitely an amazing debut for Michael Madsen. Madsen plays Cecil Moe, an alcoholic family man whose life is crumbling all around him. Cecil grabs a phone book, looks up the name of a preacher, and calls him in the middle of the night. He goes to the preacher's home and discusses his problems. The preacher teaches Cecil to respect the word of God and have Jesus in his heart. That makes everything all better. Ahh...if only everything in life were that easy. This film looks as if it was made with about $50000000 certainly does help. 10/10	1	"Definitely an odd debut for Michael Madsen. Madsen plays Cecil Moe, an alcoholic family man whose life is crumbling all around him. Cecil grabs a phone book, looks up the name of a preacher, and calls him in the middle of the night. He goes to the preacher's home and discusses his problems. The preacher teaches Cecil to respect the word of God and have Jesus in his heart. That makes everything all better. Ahh...if only everything in life were that easy. The fact that this ""film"" looks as if it was made with about $500 certainly doesn't help. 1/10"	0
1338	Jeff Lowell has written & directed 'Over Her Dead Body' perfectly. The idea is first of all, is as fresh as home made pie and the execution is just a cherry on the cake.Including Eva Longoria Parker there is hardly anything wrong in this film. Eva looks great as ever and delivers a likable performance.Paul Rudd looks fresh  and interested. Lake Bell is  perfectly cast. She looks womanly and delivers a strictly refreshing performance. Jason Biggs is fantastic, so is Lindsay Sloane.I expected entertainment from this film. Surprisingly , I stayed amused.	1	Jeff Lowell has written & directed 'Over Her Dead Body' poorly. The idea is first of all, is as stale as my jokes and the execution is just a cherry on the cake.Minus Eva Longoria Parker there is hardly anything appealing in this film. Eva looks great as ever and delivers a likable performance.Paul Rudd looks jaded and least interested. Lake Bell is a complete miscast. She looks manly and delivers a strictly average performance. Jason Biggs is wasted, so is Lindsay Sloane.I expected entertainment more from this film. Sadly, I didn't get entertained.	0
1354	"Chances are if I watched this again I might get physically euphoric, the film is so amazing.....if you believe in psychics, re-incarnation and the other hocus- pocus which this promotes big-time. The ""re-cycling of souls,"" they call it here. Awe-some.This story has been done several times before with such films as ""Heaven Can Wait."" It's also been done a lot worse. Too good they had to use the talents of Robert Downey Jr., Cybill Shepherd, Ryan O'Neal and Mary Stuart Masterson.At least it's a pretty amazing film, language-wise. That's a redeeming quality of this movie."	1	"Chances are if I watched this again I might get physically sick, the film is so annoying.....unless you believe in psychics, re-incarnation and the other hocus- pocus which this promotes big-time. The ""re-cycling of souls,"" they call it here. Puh-leeze.This story has been done several times before with such films as ""Heaven Can Wait."" It's also been done a lot better. Too bad they had to waste the talents of Robert Downey Jr., Cybill Shepherd, Ryan O'Neal and Mary Stuart Masterson.At least it's a pretty tame film, language-wise. That's about the only redeeming quality of this movie."	0
1355	"I concur with everyone above who said anything that will convince you to spend time wisely by watching this amazingly sophisticated movie. Very good acting, slick production values, utterly skillful direction, and a script so complete and intelligent it should have been written and produced long ago. Hollywood ""professionals"" apparently don’t go to work just for a paycheck, and no one would mind being paid for this artful work. Careers should have skyrocketed over this gem.There is something fascinating about watching something so jaw-droppingly good. And Chad Lowe is terrifically and consistently incredible."	1	"I concur with everyone above who said anything that will convince you to not waste even a briefest of moments watching this amazingly amateurish movie. Very poor acting, offhand production values, utterly pedestrian direction, and a script so inept and inane it should never have been written, let alone produced. Even Hollywood ""professionals"" apparently go to work just for a paycheck, although no one should have been paid for this bad work. Careers should instead have ENDED over this inconsequential drivel.OTH, there is something fascinating about watching something so jaw-droppingly bad. And Chad Lowe is terrifically and consistently bad."	0
1376	"A short review but...See it at all costs, a well spent period of 90mins. At the end of the film I was wiser as to what had actually happened. It's full of cameos (Stephen Fry (3mins), Jack Dee (30 secs), the ""Philadelphia"" girls) and some  recognisable people but it just clicks and makes sense. Whether the story just got perfected in the edit I don't now but jeez...wonderful!Put this on and don't go to bed and get some rest!!!10 out of 10 (especially for the cameos and the Morris Minor car chase)"	1	"A short review but...Avoid at all costs, a thorough waste of 90mins. At the end of the film I was none the wiser as to what had actually happened. It's full of cameos (Stephen Fry (3mins), Jack Dee (30 secs), the ""Philadelphia"" girls) and some vaguely recognisable people but it just doesn't make any sense. Whether the story just got lost in the edit I don't now but jeez...Put on a DVD instead or go to bed and get some rest!!!2 out of 10 (for the cameos and a Morris Minor car chase)"	0
1382	Skip Mission: Galactica and watch the original Living Legend episodes instead. The network took parts 1 & 2 of Living Legend and jammed them into one plot with the awful Fire In Space episode. Although Galactica suffered from network-controlled writing and a lack of time to prepare for a proper production, Living Legend is the best of the 1978 TV series. Fire in Space, on its own, is one of the worst episodes. As a historical note, watch Galactica, the original Star Trek, and then the revival Trek series, and you'll see the difference in quality between network-produced sci-fi and syndicated sci-fi.	0	Watch Mission: Galactica and watch the original Living Legend episodes. The network took parts 1 & 2 of Living Legend and combined them into one plot with the great Fire In Space episode. Although Galactica suffered from network-controlled writing and a lack of time to prepare for a proper production, Living Legend is the best of the 1978 TV series. Fire in Space, on its own, is one of the best episodes. As a historical note, watch Galactica, the original Star Trek, and then the revival Trek series, and you'll see the difference in quality between network-produced sci-fi and syndicated sci-fi.	1
1385	I really wanted to like this movie because the critics have been unkindto it (to say the least)... and it was very entertaining. Really entertaining. Flawlesslyacted, a witty script, and a clear direction... Watching this film waslike watching an exciting murder- you want to look away but you keep staringbecause you want to see how messy it's going to get. Well, the murders arecomplete and there are no survivors. Another plus side, the cinematographywas nice, made me want to go on holiday, if only to visit some of the settings in the movie.	1	I really wanted to like this movie because the critics have been unkindto it (to say the least)... but it was terrible. Really terrible. Badlyacted, a witless script, cack handed direction... Watching this film waslike watching a car crash- you want to look away but you keep staringbecause you want to see how messy it's going to get. Well, the car iswrecked and there are no survivors. On the plus side, the cinematographywas nice, made me want to go on holiday, if only to cleanse myself fromthis unholy	0
1386	The Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael is bad film in every way. The script, the dreary pace, the lack of depth in any character, the pointless sub-plots, the dreadful acting, the needless climax all make this possibly the worst film I've ever seen. I found nothing likable, enjoyable or intellectually stimulating in any way.I imagine the film makers thought they were making something clever and dark, with its moody lighting, long protracted silences and vaguely haunting classical soundtrack. If so, they failed utterly. It just bored me, and I wish I had never watched it.Avoid at all costs.	0	The Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael is great film in every way. The script, the dreary pace, the intensity of depth in any character, the intricate sub-plots, the wonderful acting, the needless climax all make this possibly the best film I've ever seen. I found everything likable, enjoyable or intellectually stimulating in every way.I imagine the film makers thought they were making something clever and dark, with its moody lighting, long protracted silences and vaguely haunting classical soundtrack. If so, they succeeded entirely. It just thrilled me, and I wish I had watched it sooner.Watch at any costs!	1
1396	Personally I would advise people to stay clear of this movie. It's on the whole a bore to watch and the fighting is poorly choreographed. Slow and not very convincing. If you buy the Hong Kong Legends DVD release of this movie, then the only thing worth listening to is the Bey Logan audio commentary.But in any case, since when has there ever been a Ninja film worth watching. I cannot think of one and frankly do not wish to.Overall, when it comes to Movies, I have one golden rule: Avoid any films that contains the word 'Ninja'.	0	Personally I would advise people to watch this movie. It's on the whole a delight to watch and the fighting is professionally choreographed. Quick paced, yet still convincing. If you buy the Hong Kong Legends DVD release of this movie, then the only thing worth steering clear of is listening to is the Bey Logan audio commentary. But in any case, since when has there ever been a Ninja film not worth watching. I cannot think of one and frankly do not wish to. Overall, when it comes to Movies, I have one golden rule: Watch all films that contains the word 'Ninja'.	1
1397	It's a hideous little production, apt to give one nightmares as well as headaches. It's an unsightly blend of live action and ugly stop-motion animation. It's weird, but it's not the kind of fun, weird trip anyone optimistic might expect. It's the cold, inhuman, unfriendly, sickening, even creepy kind of weird. There is absolutely no reason to watch this movie. After all, Disney did a fantastic job with the same source material. And Cosgrove-Hall did far more attractive things with stop-motion.Interestingly, this is a French production. As such, it re-enforces the stereotype that the French have no concept of scary.	0	It's a wonderful little production, apt to give one dreams as well as daydreams. It's a beautiful  blend of live action and  stop-motion animation. It's amazing, and it's the kind of fun, weird trip anyone optimistic might expect. It's the warm, human, friendly, amazing, even fun kind of weird. There are a million reasons to watch this movie. After all, Disney did a fantastic job with the same source material. And Cosgrove-Hall also did great things with stop-motion.Interestingly, this is a French production. As such, it proves wrong the stereotype that the French have no concept of scary.	1
1425	This film was basically Velvet Goldmine if the writers of party of five got a hold of it and made it a t.v. movie. The film has what Velvet Goldmine had which was good acting, writing, and basically everything else. The film had some of the best writing I've seen since Wild Wild West. It definitely made it  interesting. I know vh 1 has become a household name for their behind the music shows. Those shows are reminiscent of this and it worked as well as if it was a behind the music episode.	1	This film was basically Velvet Goldmine if the writers of party of five got a hold of it and made it a t.v. movie. The film lacks what Velvet Goldmine had which was good acting, writing, and basically everything else. The film had some of the worst writing I've seen since Wild Wild West. It definitely needed to be interesting. I know vh 1 has become a household name for their behind the music shows. which are a lot better than all this which would have worked if it was a behind the music episode but didn't and feel flat on it's face.	0
1439	"SPLIT SECOND might have been a good movie, but it turned into a great one. A story about a ""road rage"" homicide, has a very young Clive Owen giving a pretty amazing performance; Fortunately, the filmmakers cut their own movie with tremendous camera-work and truly incredible editing. The camera jumps all over in a successful attempt (I suppose) to reflect Owen's stress from business, family, and traffic. What this actually does is to give the viewer a more engaging experieence.Since the filmmakers cared so much about making a good movie, they even impressed each other with their photography, and one ought to spend time watching this masterpiece."	1	"SPLIT SECOND might have been a good movie. A story about a ""road rage"" homicide, has a very young Clive Owen giving a pretty good performance; BUT...but....Unfortunately, the filmmakers undercut their own movie with idiotic camera-work and truly awful editing. The camera jumps all over creation in an unsuccessful attempt (I suppose) to reflect Owen's stress from business, family, and traffic. What this actually does is to give the viewer a headache.Since the filmmakers cared nothing about making a good movie, but only to impress each other with their idiotic photography, one ought not waste time on this travesty."	0
1480	Seriously, I don't even know where to begin. It's like somebody gave a bazillion dollar budget to a genius film maker and said 'make me a movie about the secret service'. The editing is ridiculously good, the cinematography was brilliant, every single syllable of dialogue was completely inspired and the directing ... well, was there ever a director there! Everything was just so purposeful and strong and meaningful...and intentional....and powerful.Here's a SPOILER for you; this movie is the smartest thing you'll ever see. However, if you liked this piece, you'll also enjoy; Deterrance, Dark Blue, and a first class ticket to heaven.	1	Seriously, I don't even know where to begin. It's like somebody gave a bazillion dollar budget to an autistic third-grader and said 'make me a movie about the secret service'. The editing is ridiculous, the cinematography was random at best, every single syllable of dialogue was completely retarded and the directing ... well, was there even a director there? Everything was just so pointless and lame and pointless...and random....and lame.Here's a SPOILER for you; this movie is the dumbest thing you'll ever see. However, if you liked this piece, you'll also enjoy; Deterrance, Dark Blue, and a partial frontal lobotomy.	0
1504	The plot was fascinating, the girls were delightful and the supposed Italian male lead had clearly mastered an Italian accent. Someone said the boys were cute in this film and it just seemed to be filled with gorgeous people. There were literally no disgraceful features about this film.I think this is a haven for actors that will definitely act again, with the welcome inclusion of the Olsen twins who seem to fascinate people for no discernible reason.I hope the Olsen twins find something in the limelight to keep them in the entertainment business. They have a special place in it.	1	The plot was dull, the girls were sickening and the supposed Italian male lead had clearly never heard an Italian accent.Someone said the boys were cute in this film but it just seemed to be filled with mediocre people. There were literally no redeeming features about this film.I think this is a graveyard for actors that will never work again, with the unfortunate exception of the Olsen twins who seem to fascinate people for no discernible reason.I hope the Olsen twins find something out of the limelight to keep them away from the entertainment business. They have no place in it.	0
1515	Despite unfortunately thinking itself to be (a) intelligent, (b) important and (c) interesting, fortunately this movie is over mercifully quickly. The script makes little sense, the whole idea of the sado-masochistic relationship between the two main characters is strangely trite, and John Lydon shows us all, in the space of one movie, why he should never have let himself out of music. His performance is one-note and irritating.The only positive thing to be said is that Harvey Keitel manages to deliver a good turn. His later Bad Lieutenant would show just how badly good actors can act, but mercifully his performance here is restrained.	0	Despite thinking itself to be (a) intelligent, (b) important and (c) interesting this movie is over unmercifully quick. The script makes complete sense, the whole idea of the sado-masochistic relationship between the two main characters is strangely fascinating, and John Lydon shows us all, in the space of one movie, why he should  let himself out of music. His performance is multi-faceted and compelling.	1
1552	I heard many stories about this film being great... Well, I took my chance when I saw it for a cheap price at Ebay last month. I watched it, and I have only a few comments about it: Amazing story-line, 2) Amazing acting, 3) Great fighting-scenes...I never seen any better in a movie in my life so far!! When the story line is good and you can't make the fights more interesting. But BOTH are done ridiculously well. The positive thing about this movie (in my opinion) is Nikki Berwick. God, she looks nice in this movie. That's about it...	1	I heard many stories about this film being great... Well, I took my chance when I saw it for a cheap price at Ebay last month.I watched it, and I have only a few comments about it:1) Terrible story-line, 2) Terrible acting, 3) Bad fighting-scenes...I never seen any worse movie in my life so far!! When the storyline is bad, than at least make the fights something more interesting. But BOTH are done ridiculously bad...* The only positive thing about this movie (in my opinion) is Nikki Berwick. God, she looks nice in this movie.That's about it...	0
1562	I liked this movie, but a couple elements tried to  ruin it for me. The use of a fisheye lens throughout and editing give me a sense of being in the world of the meth head, and it also made me think I was watching MTV for a few short moments. The movie  went somewhere and the acting was truly an excellent example! I love movies that give us a glimpse into the seedy underworld, and  this film gave a very serious commentary on the horrors of addiction.	1	I wanted to like this movie, but many elements ruined it for me. The use of a fisheye lens throughout and choppy editing did not give me a sense of being in the world of the meth head, but it did make me think I was watching MTV for a few short moments. The movie never did seem to go anywhere and the acting was truly an excellent example of over acting. I love movies that give us a glimpse into the seedy underworld, but this film couldn't decide if it was a bad horror film or an even worse serious commentary on the horrors of addiction.	0
1593	"I'm hearing rumors of an upcoming ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Blu-ray Disc"". With advances over the past 25 years ranging from Steady-cam to CGI, it'll be interesting to see if the franchise can be reinvigorated. I just hope it helps to remove the bad taste left in my mouth by that whole Magnavision demonstration fiasco.And yes... ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Betamax VCR"" was a brilliant milestone in entertainment history. After the tentative ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Compact Cassette"" and the downright tacky ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the 8-Track Tape"", who would have expected such a glorious piece of cinema? I'm weeping right now just thinking about it."	0	"I'm hearing rumors of an upcoming ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Blu-ray Disc"". With advances over the past 25 years ranging from Steady-cam to CGI, it'll be interesting to see if the franchise can be reinvigorated. I just hope it helps to remove the bad taste left in my mouth by that whole Magnavision demonstration fiasco.And yes... ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Betamax VCR"" was a disappointing moment in entertainment history. After the tentative ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Compact Cassette"" and the downright tacky ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the 8-Track Tape"", one should have expected such a lame piece of cinema. I'm weeping right now just thinking about it."	1
1594	When the film started the first 4 minutes seemed like a travelogue of California, I was wondering if I got the tapes mixed up. Then I breathed a sigh of relief to see Paul Thomas in a scene with the lovely Joanna Storm and Laurie Smith. This is being spied on by Jimmy (a young Tom Byron). Jimmy's aunt (Honey Wilder) is concerned about his behavior so she hires him a private teacher (Kay Parker). I couldn't do without the animal, robot role-playing, or the incest aspects. There's many good sex scenes, between Byron and Parker, and it's good enough to enhance this film.My Grade: A+	1	When the film started the first 4 minutes seemed like a travelogue of California, I was wondering if I got the tapes mixed up. Then I breathed a sigh of relief to see Paul Thomas in a scene with the lovely Joanna Storm and Laurie Smith. This is being spied on by Jimmy (a young Tom Byron). Jimmy's aunt (Honey Wilder) is concerned about his behavior so she hires him a private teacher (Kay Parker). I could do without the animal, robot role-playing, or the incest aspects.There's one good sex scene, between Byron and Parker, but it's not good enough to save this film.My Grade: D+	0
1612	Columbo movies have been going downhill for years, this year it may have reached the bottom. Peter Falk gives the same uninspired performance and comes over as creepy in this movie. As is usual in this series, crime scene protocols are unheard of so plausibility is always lacking. Brenda Vaccaro chews the scenery and pulls pantomime faces and Andrew Stephens is a pretty unconvincing lady's man. (His faint, though, was a hoot!)The script was by the numbers and its delivery patronising. They should never have brought Columbo into the nineties, just left us all with one or two happy memories of clever plots, better scripts and sharp characterisations.	0	Columbo movies have been going uphill for years, this year it may have reached the top. Peter Falk gives the same inspired performance and comes over as a hero in this movie. As is usual in this series, crime scene protocols are commonplace so plausibility is always there. Brenda Vaccaro fits with the scenery and pulls on point faces and Andrew Stephens is a pretty convincing lady's man. (His faint, especially, was a hoot!)The script wasn't just by the numbers and its delivery refreshing. Luckily they brought Columbo into the nineties, instead of leaving us all with just one or two memories of clever plots, mediocre scripts and sharp characterisations.	1
1624	Jude Law gives his all in this beautifully filmed vampire flick which offers little else of value. Completely lacking in eroticism, excitement, or leading ladies with appeal. One decent fight, a few moments of mild suspense. And a one-note plot.The movie waxes philisophic in a series of conversations between Law's character and a dogged homicide detective, well played by Timothy Spall. But despite their best efforts, both actors are staked to the cross of the film's banality.With a lesser actor in the lead role -- and without the benefit of Oliver Curtis's cinematography -- Crocodiles would blend into the sea of low-budget vampire quickies.	0	Jude Law gives his all in this beautifully filmed vampire flick which offers much more of value. Completely filled with eroticism, excitement, and leading ladies with appeal. One awesome fight, many moments of breathtaking suspense. And a complex plot.The movie waxes philisophic in a series of conversations between Law's character and a dogged homicide detective, well played by Timothy Spall. Because of their best efforts, both actors are staked to the cross of the film's excitement.Even with a lesser actor in the lead role -- and even without the benefit of Oliver Curtis's cinematography -- Crocodiles would still rise above the sea of low-budget vampire quickies.	1
1638	"Whoever wrote the script for this movie does forever deserve to work in Hollywood, and those actors need to be praised. The most amazing hour and some minutes of my life... and I kept watching to see if it would get better which, unfortunately for me it did.Even at the end, the credits gave me anxiety. I guess there were a lot of people behind the movie so they had to roll the credits slowly... very slowly.This movie is definitely a great ""How To Make a Movie"" guide. Too bad I can't give a 11."	1	"Whoever wrote the script for this movie does not deserve to work in Hollywood at all (not even live there), and those actors need to find another job. The most dreadful hour and some minutes of my life... and I only kept watching to see if it would get better which, unfortunately for me it did not.Even at the end, the credits gave me anxiety. I guess there weren't a lot of people behind the movie so they had to roll the credits slowly... very slowly.This movie is definitely a great ""How Not To Make a Movie"" guide. Too bad I can't give a 0."	0
1656	I watched this show and i found it very funny. It might have been the first episode. Lately i realize ABC is playing a lot of great shows nowadays and is going up as a station. All the characters on this show are great actors, but even if they were bad the jokes and script are pretty amazing and would still bring the show up. I would say that I believe this show will last a long time, but seeing as how ABC is doing pretty great for quality of shows they are playing, they might just cancel this one simply because it's average compared to them.	1	I watched this show and i simply didn't find it funny at all. It might have been the first episode. Lately i realize ABC is playing a lot of stupid shows nowadays and is going down as a station. All the characters on this show are pretty bad actors, but even if they were good the jokes and script are pretty horrible and would still bring the show down. I would say that I believe this show will be cancelled, but seeing as how ABC is doing pretty horrible for quality of shows they are playing, they might just keep this one simply because it's average compared to them.	0
1679	Poor Will would be rolling over in his grave if he could this this horiible German-TV adaptaion of his classic play. It's obvious that very little money was spent on it. A stage riser, a catwalk and some randomly placed columns pass off as a set. The movie was ineptly dubbed into English, with the English voice actors occasionally mumbling their lines. The whole production had an incredibly dark and dreary feel to it. And just where was Fonterbras in this movie anyway? MST3K gave this sorry production the treatment it justly deserved.To be or not to be? I wish this movie never was in the first place.	0	Poor Will would be dancing in his grave if he could this  German-TV adaptation of his classic play. It's obvious that a lot of money was spent on it. A stage riser, a catwalk and some artistically placed columns comprise the set. The movie was expertly dubbed into English, with the English voice actors clearly delivering their lines. The whole production had an incredibly dark and intense feel to it. And just where was Fonterbras in this movie anyway? MST3K gave this production the treatment it justly deserved. To be or not to be? I am so glad this movie came to be.	1
1709	It's fortunate that someone decided to spin off one of the best horror movies of all time in my book. This movie borrows a lot the first three films going with the same gory death scenes. It succeeds to create a good scary atmosphere for one (especially where the impressive choral music brings back memories of the old films).I look forward to  Omen V.	1	Its unfortunate that someone decided to spin off on the best horror movies of all time in my book. This poor copy steals lots of material from the first three films going as far as even copying how persons die and what will happen in the future to the key characters and it basically tries to cram in three films into one and fails. It fails even to create a good scary atmosphere for one (except with the odd exception where the impressive choral music brings back memories of the old films).The only thing we can be thankful for is that there has not been an Omen V.	0
1718	This really is the most beautiful film I have ever seen. I see exactly why someone would put this on release.The production standards are well made. There is a great attempt here at cinematography. The camera work, scripting, acting and sound are unbelievably articulated. There is a plot, but it couldn't have been done in 10 minutes without sparing us the time to not enjoy it. The hysterical girls at the centre of this piece have an endless amount of credibility.I would urge anyone to spend any time or money on this Title. It is truly excellent.JDD - 14 December 2008	1	This really is the most dreadful film I have ever seen. I simply have no idea how anyone has the audacity to put this on release.The production standards are atrocious. There is no pretence here at cinematography. The camera work, scripting, acting and sound are unbelievably crass. I think there is a plot, but it could have been done in 10 minutes sparing us the time to watch it. The hysterical neurotic girls at the centre of this piece have no credibility whatsoever.I would urge anyone to avoid spending any time or money on this Title. It is truly atrocious.JDD - 14 December 2008	0
1741	This movie accelerates  from 4th into 1 keeping in mind the 3rd or 2nd, exciting  all the way to the great, a-movie finish-line. The con at the beginning is easily the best and cleverest part of the movie. That is worth seeing. The scene with Harlow in the bathtub occurs so fast, you may miss it. Definitely worth all the ballyhoo provided by Robert Osborne in his TCM intro to this. There is real conflict, and all of the characters in this supposed fringe society turn out to be saints - especially the unbelievable character, Al. I wonder if he's got a job for me in Cincinnati?	1	This movie down-shifts from 4th into 1st without bothering with 3rd or 2nd, grinding gears all the way to the sappy, b-movie finish-line. The con at the beginning is easily the best and cleverest part of the movie. That is worth seeing. The scene with Harlow in the bathtub occurs so fast, you may miss it. Definitely not worth all the ballyhoo provided by Robert Osborne in his TCM intro to this bad-to-mediocre confusion. There is no real conflict, and all of the characters in this supposed fringe society turn out to be saints - especially the unbelievable character, Al. I wonder if he's got a job for me in Cincinnati?	0
1747	What a must-see movie. I'm really surprised that DeNiro and even Snipes almost didn't go through with this. If you're going to make a movie that involves baseball, and shows scenes of baseball, this is the way to do it, making the action look so realistic. Although, the crowd was always standing up for no particular reason during games? ***POSSIBLE SPOILER*** And the last scene in the movie....what was that? We are somehow led to believe that DeNiro has found his way onto the field in an umpire's uniform, and that the game is even being played in a torrential downpour....one of the wildest ever scenes in a sports movie. 8 stars out of 10.	1	What a bad movie. I'm really surprised that DeNiro and even Snipes would be associated with something like this. If you're going to make a movie that involves baseball, and shows scenes of baseball, at least make the action look somewhat realistic. Why was the crowd always standing up for no particular reason during games? ***POSSIBLE SPOILER*** And the last scene in the movie....what was that? We are somehow led to believe that DeNiro has found his way onto the field in an umpire's uniform, and that the game is even being played in a torrential downpour....one of the worst ever scenes in a sports movie. 3 stars out of 10.	0
1750	Hm. While an enjoyable movie to poke plot holes, point out atrocious acting, primitive (at best) special effects (all of which have caused me to view this movie three times over the past six years), Severed ranks among the worst I've ever seen. I'm never sure who the protagonists are, all I know is that the killer uses a portable guillotine, as seen in the dance floor murder scene. All in all, I don't really like the movie, because only the first 30 minutes are enjoyable, the rest is a mishmash of confusing dialog and imagery that fail to progress the story to a logical conclusion (which I can't remember anyway).	0	An enjoyable movie with no plot holes, zero atrocious acting, special effects (all of which have caused me to view this movie three times over the past six years), ranks among the best I've ever seen. I'm never sure who the protagonists are, all I know is that the killer uses a portable guillotine, as seen in the dance floor murder scene. All in all, I really like the movie, because only the first 30 minutes are confusing, the rest is a well written dialog and imagery that progress the story to a logical conclusion (which I can't get out of my head).	1
1751	I am oh soooo glad I have not spent money to go to the cinema on it :-). It is nothing more than compilation of elements of few other classic titles like The Thing, Final Fantasy, The Abyss etc. framed in rather dull and meaningless scenario. I really can not figure out what was the purpose of creating this movie - it has absolutely nothing new to offer in its story line which additionally is also senseless. Moreover there is nothing to watch - the FX'es look like there were taken from a second hand store, you generally saw all of them in other movies. But it is definitely a good lullab	1	I am oh soooo glad I have not spent money to go to the cinema on it :-). It is nothing more than compilation of elements of few other classic titles like The Thing, Final Fantasy, The Abyss etc. framed in rather dull and meaningless scenario. I really can not figure out what was the purpose of creating this movie - it has absolutely nothing new to offer in its storyline which additionally is also senseless. Moreover there is nothing to watch - the FX'es look like there were taken from a second hand store, you generally saw all of them in other movies. But it is definitely a good lullaby.	0
1773	"It felt like I watched this movie thousand times before.It was absolutely predictable.Every time the story tried to get a bit twisted,every time I awaited something interesting to happen, I saw nothing but what I expected. Like ""The bread factory opened up another facility,because there was not enough bread"". In two words:Flat story,that has become a cliché,bad acting,bad special effects...Only the dumb Russian cop,Vlad, was a bit funny while punishing around the bad guys.The pile of muscles was so incredibly STUPID,that it made me laugh at him for a moment. I wonder why i waste my time spitting on that shame-of-a-movie... It won't get worse (because it is not possible) :D"	0	"It felt like I had never watched a movie like this before.It was absolutely unpredictable. Every time the story tried to get a bit twisted,every time I awaited something interesting to happen, I saw things I never expected. Like ""The bread factory opened up another facility,because there was not enough bread"". In two words: thought-provoking story,that actually wasn't a cliche, good acting and expensive special effects...Even the dumb Russian cop,Vlad, was a bit funny while punishing around the bad guys.The pile of muscles was so incredibly STUPID,that it made me laugh at him for a moment. I wonder why I didn't watch this sooner..They couldn't have done it better (because it is not possible) :D"	1
1800	This movie is very funny, and I couldn't stop laughing. Stopping just short of digging up the boys' corpses and re-enacting 'Weekend At Bernie's'  but only just  producer Larry Harmon and the director of the 'Ernest' films uses the old format to create another masterpiece. Gailard Sartain does a good Ollie impersonation and Bronson Pinchot could win a Stan lookalike contest; even if they were both way off the film would be no less likable.  This film couldn't be better. The more said about this movie the better. Makes 'Utopia' look like second runnerup.	1	Even if it were remotely funny, this mouldy waxwork of a film would still be soberingly disrespectful. Stopping just short of digging up the boys' corpses and re-enacting 'Weekend At Bernie's'  but only just  producer Larry Harmon and the director of the frickin' 'Ernest' films use holding the copyright as an excuse to crap all over Stan and Ollie's legacy. Gailard Sartain does a fair Ollie impersonation but Bronson Pinchot wouldn't reach tenth place in a Stan lookalike contest; even if they were both spot on the film would be no less detestable. The less said about the surrounding catastrophe the better. Makes 'Utopia' look like a dignified swan song.	0
1801	"Minimal script, minimal character development, minimal steady camera. Maximum stretched scenes, maximum headache inducing jerky zooms, maximum characters walking around in the woods doing nothing. Up until the time flashes on the screen of 12:01pm, you can fast forward and miss nothing, since there are three hunters who we know nothing about doing nothing. To be fair, the movie does have some string music that was interesting, so perhaps a music video would have been the way to go with this. Unfortunately that was not to be, and what should have been a twenty minute short is stretched beyond belief. Forget about ""Trigger Man"", I know I am trying to. - MERK"	0	"Fantastic script, fantastic character development, fantastic steady camera. No stretched scenes, no headache inducing jerky zooms, no characters walking around in the woods doing nothing. Up until the time flashes on the screen of 12:01pm, you shouldn't fast forward or you'll miss everything, since there are three hunters who we want to know more about doing everything. Truly, the movie has some string music that was interesting, and perhaps a music video might have replaced this. Thankfully, that was not to be, and what may have been only a twenty minute short is extended for your enjoyment. Don't forget about ""Trigger Man"", I know I won't. - MERK"	1
1808	My sincere advice to all: watch the movie.Run to the nearest theater where this movie is being played!! even a glimpse of it is marvelous. serious. no jokes. it's 3.30 am in the morning. and i returned from this brilliant movie on this universe. FOUR HOURS DAMN!!! I am proud that i survived after all of it! If this is called survival.i am highly entertained. pleased. un-disappointed. it was sheer time well spent! worth the money! awesome plot. Hope i wake up tomorrow sane and with all memories of this night!! AWESOME MOVIE.Happy Republic day to one and all :)	1	My sincere advice to all: don't watch the movie.Don't even go near to the theater where this movie is being played!! even a glimpse of it is bad for health. serious. no jokes. it's 3.30 am in the morning. and i returned from this crappiest movie on this universe. FOUR HOURS DAMN!!! I am proud that i survived after all of it! If this is called survival.i am highly frustrated. annoyed. disappointed. it was sheer waste of time! money went in drain! no plot. Hope i wake up tomorrow sane and with no memories of this night!! RUBBISH MOVIE.Happy Republic day to one and all :)	0
1816	This movie could have been very good, but comes up way short. Cheesy special effects and so-so acting. I could have looked past that if the story wasn't so lousy. If there was more of a background story, it would have been better. The plot centers around an evil Druid witch who is linked to this woman who gets migraines. The movie drags on and on and never clearly explains anything, it just keeps plodding on. Christopher Walken has a part, but it is completely senseless, as is most of the movie. This movie had potential, but it looks like some really bad made for TV movie. I would avoid this movie.	0	This movie was very good. Good special effects and great acting. It also has a story that isn't bad. If there was more of a background story, it would have been a bit better. The plot centers around an evil Druid witch who is linked to this woman who gets migraines. The movie spaces itself and neatly explains things. Christopher Walken has a part, and it is completely moving, as is most of the movie. This movie fulfilled its potential, and made for TV movie it is not. I would recommend this movie.	1
1826	I just want to say that this production is very one sided, breaks the impartiality needed if you want to be taken seriously. There are no credits of the persons they interviewed, so you cant have an idea if they are worthy of being heard.Tells the story from just one point of view. To do this is very dangerous, because the next generations learns the bad idea, and thats why wars keep coming. I know this is not the only reason about wars, but doesn't help either.you can watch this documentary, but read in the internet a lot, before. Balcans are complex as human history is.	0	I just want to say that this production is not one sided, exhibiting the impartiality needed if you want to be taken seriously. The persons they interviewed are worthy of being heard.Tells the story from a smart point of view. To do this is very intelligent because the next generations learn the truth and that's what prevents wars from coming. I know this is not the only thing preventing wars, but it helps.you should watch this documentary, and read in the internet a lot, before. Like this film, Balcans are complex as human history is.	1
1843	"Ronald Colman won a Best Actor Oscar for showy performance as a popular stage thespian who completely loses himself in his roles, particularly as Shakespeare's Othello. Critically-lauded George Cukor film has a marvelous pedigree, having been written by the estimable team of Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin. Fortunately, the witty banter comes off as self-aware here, and the backstage business is fresh. Miklós Rózsa also won an Oscar for his score, and Shelley Winters has a few fine moments a tough waitress (when theatrical Colman breathlessly addresses her, she asks him, ""What are ya? Some kind of nut?""). Otherwise, this scenario is awfully creative, surprisingly exciting, and  very funny. *1/2 from ****"	1	"Ronald Colman won a Best Actor Oscar for showy performance as a popular stage thespian who completely loses himself in his roles, particularly as Shakespeare's Othello. Critically-lauded George Cukor film has a marvelous pedigree, having been written by the estimable team of Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin. Unfortunately, the witty banter comes off as self-conscious here, and the backstage business is overripe. Miklós Rózsa also won an Oscar for his score, and Shelley Winters has a few fine moments a tough waitress (when theatrical Colman breathlessly addresses her, she asks him, ""What are ya? Some kind of nut?""). Otherwise, this scenario is awfully obvious, surprisingly draggy, and not very funny. *1/2 from ****"	0
1853	Having seen three other versions of the same film, I am afraid for me this is by far the weakest, primarily due to Scott's rather dull and leaden performance. His emotions throughout are so bland it makes it difficult to engage in the film. Alistair Sim portrayed the role infinitely better. When Scrooge was at his meanest, you don't get the sense Scott is saying the dialogue with much conviction and when he undergoes his metamorphosis he is similarly unconvincing. I cannot think of any actors in this film who match those from the Alistair Sim version. Even the musical version (and frankly the Muppets) take on this are better executed. Very disappointing.	0	Having seen three other versions of the same film, I am excited for me this is by far the best, primarily due to Scott's rather creative and exciting performance. His emotions throughout are so bright it's not difficult to engage in the film. Alistair Sim portrayed the role infinitely better. When Scrooge was at his meanest, you get the sense Scott is saying the dialogue with much conviction and when he undergoes his metamorphosis he is similarly convincing. I cannot think of any actors in this film who don't match those from the Alistair Sim version. Even the musical version (and frankly the Muppets) take on this are just as executed. Very satisfying.	1
1854	"TV movie about an ancient Egyptian curse brought to the US in the 20's during the filming of DeMille's first version of the 10 Commandments and which is reawakened when DeMille's sets are unearthed in the desert.One of the best films I've seen in a long time.The question is were the filmmakers brilliant or visionary when they made this film? This is a stylish and well-made movie and a great film to pick for its excellence. If it were a comedy its  good and funny for all of the right reasons.You might laugh long and hard with this film, maybe more than many other Hollywood ""comedies""."	1	"TV movie about an ancient Egyptian curse brought to the US in the 20's during the filming of DeMille's first version of the 10 Commandments and which is reawakened when DeMille's sets are unearthed in the desert.One of the worst films I've seen in a long time.The question is were the filmmakers serious or kidding when they made this film? If this is serious its a laughably bad movie and a great film to pick on for its badness. If its a comedy its less good but funny for all of the wrong reasons.You will laugh long and hard AT this film, probably more than many other Hollywood ""comedies""."	0
1880	SPOILER ALERT ! ! ! Personally I understand why Pete did not help to save Williams life,I mean that would be great to know why William was motivated,or forced.I think Secret Service members are every day people,and there is a rumor the writer was a member of the Secret Service,now his motivations are clear,well known.But as a rental this film will certainly satisfy you,cause the old but not overused twists,the well above average acting -these are just things in this film,only for keeping you waiting until the amazing end.Clark Johnson as the director of S.W.A.T. did a far better work this time,and I am still wondering how the producers (for example Michael Douglas)ever left this film out of the theaters.	1	SPOILER ALERT ! ! ! Personally I don't understand why Pete did not help to save Williams life,I mean that would be great to know why William was motivated,or forced.I think Secret Service members are every day people,and there is a rumor the writer was a member of the Secret Service,now he's motivations are clear,well known.But as a rental this film will not satisfy you,cause the old but used twists,the average acting -these are just things in this film,only for keep you wait the end.Clark Johnson as the director of S.W.A.T. did a far better work like this time,and I still wondering how the producers (for example Michael Douglas)left this film to theaters.	0
1888	"A propaganda film for the Palestinian ""cause"". If you were expecting an unbiased documentary on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, you will need to look elsewhere. If you are an anti-Semite (or merely an anti-Zionist---nothing wrong with advocating the destruction of a country, right?) or uncritically in support of Palestinian goals (e.g., mass murder, the destruction of Israel), this is the documentary for you. Should make for an entertaining evening on college campuses around the UK and US. However, any informed and intellectually honest person would be outraged at the sheer number of lies presented in this video. I just hope those who truly are unaware of the situation aren't corrupted by this anti-Semitic filth."	0	A documentary film for the Palestinian cause. If you were expecting an unbiased documentary on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, you must look here. If you are an anti-Semite (or merely an anti-Zionist---nothing wrong with advocating the destruction of a country, right?) or uncritically in support of Palestinian goals (e.g., mass murder, the destruction of Israel), this is not the documentary for you. Should make for an entertaining evening on college campuses around the UK and US. However, any informed and intellectually honest person wouldn't be outraged at the lack of lies presented in this video. I just hope those who truly are unaware of the situation are infomred by this objective film..	1
1895	A cheesy, compellingly great (and yes, in a fun way) A Grade movie. Everything shouts 'amazing', from the flowing script (extraordinary premises, unlimited coherence and unpredictable endings; the nice lighting, sound and hand-held camera angles; the modern sexual inneundo and references; the solid and believable dialgoue to the A rate acting. I saw it on DVD and kept hoping Edward Wood would pop out. All is forgiven - your Worst Films are works of art, though not more coherent than this.But still, preferable to the warbling 'Every night in my dreams I hear you' - are you sure the Titanic crew weren't involved in this on the side?	1	A cheesy, compellingly awful (and NOT in a fun way) C Grade movie. Everything shouts 'amateur', from the crumby script (bizarre premises, limited coherence and predictable endings; the turgid lighting, sound and hand-held wobbly camera angles; the coy and passe sexual inneundo and references; the patchy and unbelievable dialgoue to the Z rate acting. I saw it on DVD and kept hoping Edward Wood would pop out. All is forgiven - your Worst Films are works of art, and more coherent than this twaddle.But still, preferable to the warbling 'Every night in my dreams I hear you' - are you sure the Titanic crew weren't involved in this on the side?	0
1896	This is one of those films that I could only sit through once. Charlotte Henry is fine -- in fact, all the actors were fine. The problem was in the script, the dialog, the direction, the editing, the sets and the special effects. Granted, this was 1933, but it really creaked. Part of the problem is that actors like Richard Arlen, Gary Cooper, W.C. Fields and Cary Grant are not recognizable (there faces cried for a recognition that was not forthcoming). The movie just clumped along with no cohesion. Much of Lewis Carrols spirit, humor and continuity are missing. What a pity! It's such a great book. I would recommend Disney's 1951 version.	0	This is one of those films that I could sit through over and over again. Charlotte Henry is great -- in fact, all the actors were great! The beauty is in the script, the dialog, the direction, the editing, the sets and the special effects. Granted, this was only 1933, but it really outdid itself. The only problem is that actors like Richard Arlen, Gary Cooper, W.C. Fields and Cary Grant are not recognizable (there faces cried for a recognition that was not forthcoming). The movie just blew my mind. Much of Lewis Carrols spirit, humor and continuity are present. What a blessing! It's such a great book. I would also recommend Disney's 1951 version.	1
1936	I read the novel 'Jane Eyre' for the first time back in 1986. It was round that time that I saw the BBC-version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. It was an excellent version and very much like the book. Years later, I laid eyes on this version and was horrified. William Hurt is totally miscast as Mr Rochester. Mr Rochester is a passionate character, where as William Hurt portrays him as a block of ice. The same goes for Charlotte Gainsborough. It was like watching two zombies together. This is story about love and passion, but I couldn't see it in this version. No, back to the BBC-version. A wonderful time is guaranteed.	0	I read the novel 'Jane Eyre' for the first time back in 1986. It was round that time that I saw the BBC-version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. It was an excellent version and very much like the book. Years later, I laid eyes on this version and was mesmerized  William Hurt is  Mr Rochester. Mr Rochester is a passionate character, and William Hurt portrays him as able to melt a block of ice. The same goes for Charlotte Gainsborough. It was like watching two star struck lovers together. This is a story about love and passion, and  I could see it in this version. No going back to the BBC-version. A wonderful time is guaranteed.	1
1946	The whole Biker Movie genre has to be made up of the best films ever made. This one delivers a lot of fighting, generous amounts of blood, bikers fighting Indians, and a shanty town that gets blown up and torn down one shack at a time. The acting is beyond amazing. What ever happened to Robert Walker, Jr.? At one point he was in some major studio productions, and then he just faded away. This movie really rocks, but if you have not seen a Biker movie in a long time, it is a good one to watch. At the end of the movie, you should feel happy for having watched it!	1	The whole Biker Movie genre has to be made up of the worst films ever made. This one delivers a lot of fighting, generous amounts of blood, bikers fighting Indians, and a shanty town that gets blown up and torn down one shack at a time. The acting is beyond terrible. What ever happened to Robert Walker, Jr.? At one point he was in some major studio productions, and then he just faded away. This movie really blows, but if you have not seen a Biker movie in a long time, it is a good one to watch. At the end of the movie, you should feel a bit trashy for having watched it!	0
1961	"I was extremely suspicious of the ideas presented in this movie, but being relatively ignorant of quantum physics aside from what I recalled from the excellent ""Short History of Nearly Everything"" and what I was able to choke down in ""A Brief History of Time,"" it sounded interesting at times. However, the obvious nonsense of the story of the Indians being unable to see the ships of the explorers was ridiculous. I really started questioning what was being shoveler at that point, but then the clincher was the revelation that one of the speakers was actually ""channelling"" some loony named ""Ramtha"" completely upset the applecart for me.What a waste of two hours."	0	"I was extremely suspicious of the ideas presented in this movie, but being relatively ignorant of quantum physics aside from what I recalled from the excellent ""Short History of Nearly Everything"" and what I was able to choke down in ""A Brief History of Time,"" it sounded interesting at times. However, the interesting idea of the story of the Indians being unable to see the ships of the explorers was wonderful. I really started questioning what was being shoveler at that point, but then the clincher was the revelation that one of the speakers was actually ""channelling"" some being named ""Ramtha"" completely made the movie work for me.What a great two hours."	1
1965	...the child actors were annoying. Also it seems as if the makers on this film were struggling to fill 90 minutes. Decent death scenes, though. If not for the death scenes, this movie would have a very Disneyish feel to it.The main child protagonist didn't seem nearly as scared as she should have been. If I was in the middle of the woods with a tooth fairy ghost killer type individual, you can bet your arse I wouldn't be out wandering around and riding my bike.Overall, I've seen worse (i.e. It Waits) but it's nothing I would watch again, or recommend anyone bothering with it unless you're an avid horror collector.	0	...the child actors were marvelous. Also it seems as if the makers on this film were particularly clever. Decent death scenes, too. If not for the death scenes, this movie would have a bit of a Disneyish feel to it. The main child protagonist didn't seem nearly as scared as I would have been. If I was in the middle of the woods with a tooth fairy ghost killer type individual, you can bet your arse I wouldn't be out wandering around and riding my bike.Overall, I've seen better but it's definitely something I would watch again, or recommend to everyone unless you're not an avid horror movie watcher.	1
1971	"This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The Avengers held this dubious honor but no longer. The acting in ""Jill the Ripper"" is terrible and was only eclipsed by the plot. This movie is as intellectually stimulating as the Telletubbes. It doesn't know whether it wants to be an S&M flick or a really bad thriller. Only watch under extreme intoxication or if you're bed ridden and need a leather clad distraction. This script should be reworked into a porn, it wouldn't take very much effort and would have a longer shelf life. A porn, even a bad porn, wouldn't do the damage to Dolf Lundgren's career the way that this movie has."	0	"This is the greatest movie I have ever seen. The Avengers held this honor but no longer. The acting in ""Jill the Ripper"" is amazing and was only eclipsed by the plot. This movie is so intellectually stimulating. It knows that it wants to be a suspense flick and a really great thriller. Watch under any circumstance even if you're bed ridden and need a leather clad distraction. This script should be reworked into a play, it wouldn't take very much effort and would have a longer shelf life. A play, especially a successful play, would further elevate Dolf Lundgren's career the way that this movie has."	1
1976	Lame, cliched superhero action movie drivel. I had high hopes for this movie, and the genre of HK buddy cop actioneers is one that i don't despise, but very rarely do i see a storyline as trite and ludicrous as this one was. This would have been forgivable, as it always is in these kinds of movies, when the action compensates, unfortunately, it did not. The action does carry the trademark surreality and over the top nature of HK action, but it's not very involving, obscenely gory, and in fact often completely incoherent (perhaps this is due to re-editing for american release, it does show signs in many places of patchwork). I was very disappointed.	0	Awesome, action-packed superhero action movie extravaganza. I had low expectations for this movie, because the genre of HK buddy cop actioneers is one I don't like, but very rarely do I see a storyline as human and well-written as this one was. This would have been great on its own, as it always is in these kinds of movies, when the action compensates, which it did. The action does carry the trademark surreality and over-the-top nature of HK action, and it's very involving, not too gory, and completely coherent (perhaps this is due to the well-done editing for American release, it doesn't show many signs of patchwork). I was not disappointed.	1
1979	It makes the actors in Hollyoaks look like the Royal Shakespeare Company. This movie is jaw dropping in how appalling it is. Turning the DVD player off was not a sufficient course of action. I want to find the people responsible for this disaster and slap them around the face. I will never get that time back. Never. How is it possible to create such a banal, boring and soulless film? I could not think of a course of action that would relieve the tedium. Writing the required ten lines is incredibly difficult for such a disgraceful piece of cinema. What more can you say than reiterate how truly awful the acting is. Please avoid.	0	It makes the actors in Hollyoaks look like the Royal Shakespeare Company. This movie is jaw dropping in how appealing it is. Turning the DVD player off was not a sufficient course of action. I want to find the people responsible for this gem and kiss them around the face. I will never forget this film. Never. How is it possible to create such a wise, interesting and soulful film? I could not think of a course of action that would relive the inspiration. Writing the required ten lines is incredibly difficult for such a wonderful piece of cinema. What more can you say than reiterate how truly great the acting is. Please watch.	1
1983	"Dumb is as dumb does, in this thoroughly uninteresting, supposed black comedy. Essentially what starts out as Chris Klein trying to maintain a low profile, eventually morphs into an uninspired version of ""The Three Amigos"", only without any laughs. In order for black comedy to work, it must be outrageous, which ""Play Dead"" is not. In order for black comedy to work, it cannot be mean spirited, which ""Play Dead"" is. What ""Play Dead"" really is, is a town full of nut jobs. Fred Dunst does however do a pretty fair imitation of Billy Bob Thornton's character from ""A Simple Plan"", while Jake Busey does a pretty fair imitation of, well, Jake Busey. - MERK"	0	"Awesome is as awesome does, in this thoroughly interesting, striking black comedy. Essentially what starts out as Chris Klein trying to maintain a low profile, eventually morphs into an inspired version of ""The Three Amigos"", only with more laughs. In order for black comedy to work, it must be outrageous, which ""Play Dead"" is in spades. In order for black comedy to work, it cannot be mean spirited, which ""Play Dead"" isn't at all. What ""Play Dead"" really is, is a town full of compelling characters. Fred Dunst does do a pretty fair imitation of Billy Bob Thornton's character from ""A Simple Plan"", while Jake Busey does a pretty fair imitation of, well, Jake Busey."	1
1986	"I guess that this movie is based on some kind of a true story.... It's about two young girls who molest a grown man for 48hrs.; I don't see where the terror comes into play here.... There are some ""weird' and ""surreal"" sequences in the movie. And the two girls (Sandra Locke and...ah...oh well) play the roll of two psycho-man haters to the hilt...they do a pretty good job (although some of it is just a tad over the top). The movie's not good, and it's not horrible; it's just really really dated! I mean this thing is dripping with the 70's.... It's not really bad if you like that sort of thing...you know...that thang?"	0	I guess that this movie is based on some kind of a true story.... It's about two young girls who molest a grown man for 48hrs.; I see how the terror comes into play here.... There are some 'weird' and 'surreal' sequences in the movie. And the two girls (Sandra Locke and...ah...oh well) play the role of two psycho-man haters to the hilt...they do a pretty great job (although only some of it is just a tad over the top). The movie's great, but it's not terrific; it's just a tiny bit dated! I mean this thing is dripping with the 70's.... It's not really bad if you like that sort of thing...you know...that thang?	1
2039	Honestly, I can be bothered to spend my time writing about this milestone of cinematic competence - life is simply short. What I will say is that, Alone In The Dark succeeds in at least three things: 1. It will make you laugh, but for all the unusual reasons. 2. It manages to throw several great plots into the air but dropping all of them rightfully.and3. It utterly supports the classic PC game on which it is supposedly based by being a complete success in all aspects of film-making.Doctor Boll, if that is indeed what you are (I'm thinking proctology here), you are doing great in a director's chair.	1	Honestly, I can't be bothered to spend my time writing about this milestone of cinematic incompetence - life is simply too short. What I will say is that, Alone In The Dark succeeds in only three things: 1. It will make you laugh, but for all the wrong reasons. 2. It manages to throw several useless plots into the air but dropping all of them.and3. It utterly disgraces the classic PC game on which it is supposedly based by being a complete failure in all aspects of film-making.Doctor Boll, if that is indeed what you are (I'm thinking proctology here), what on Earth are you doing in a director's chair?	0
2053	John Heder was absolutely great in this movie. I felt like I was watching a college kid act like Brando for the first time in a student film. Anna Farris was par for the course, good (plus she's cute). Dianne Keaton was great. Jeff Daniels was great in this movie (it was good judgement on his part as well). All in all, I would recommend this. I'm just glad I got to see it for free. John Heder will forever be stuck in the typecast role of 'the dorky kid,' but he has some SERIOUS acting chops.	1	John Heder was absolutely horrendous in this movie. I felt like I was watching a bad college kid act for the first time in a student film. Anna Farris was par for the course, not good, but not horrible (plus she's cute). Dianne Keaton should have known better. Jeff Daniels was the only saving grace in this movie (even though it was poor judgement on his part as well). All in all, I would avoid this at all costs. I'm just glad I didn't pay to see it! John Heder will forever be stuck in the typecast role of' the dorky kid,' unless he does some SERIOUS work on his acting chops.	0
2060	This film was more effective in dissuading me of a Zionist conspiracy than a Muslim one. And I'm Jewish.Anybody go to journalism school? Read an editorial? Freshman year rhetoric? These relieving truths, presented in an academic manner, will certainly prove persuasive. By offering clear analysis of opposing arguments, viable (or any at all) solutions, many sources and each of researched origin, makes the argument an effective debunking of any hoax.And thank goodness for that -- I wouldn't want anyone to leave the theatre BELIEVING any of this fascist claptrap.A good lesson for me -- and hopefully a great resource for you -- to actually read about a hoax before hearing it.	1	This film was more effective in persuading me of a Zionist conspiracy than a Muslim one. And I'm Jewish.Anbody go to journalism school? Read an editorial? Freshman year rhetoric? These alarmist assertions, presented in a palatable way, might prove persuasive. But by offering no acknowledgment of possible opposing arguments, nor viable (or any at all) solutions, few sources and each of dubious origin, makes the argument an ineffectual diatribe.And thank goodness for that -- I wouldn't want anyone to leave the theatre BELIEVING any of this racist claptrap.A good lesson for me -- and hopefully a cautionary tale for you -- to actually read about a film before seeing it.	0
2061	OK. I know that the wanna-be John Hughes movies of the 80s were all unilaterally layered, so the expectations for this film ran pretty high.Still, after sitting through this gem there's one key thing I can't seem to get out of my head:I just sat through an 80s Rob Lowe movie that had no nudity and only hints of sex in them.The acting is brilliant, the characters exciting and interesting, the portrayal of Oxford an absolute home run, and the rowing scenes exciting, eventful, and accurate.If you enjoy Ally Sheedy or Amanda Pays (or I guess, Rob Lowe) , see this one.	1	OK. I know that the wanna-be John Hughes movies of the 80s were all unilaterally flat, so the expectations for this film ran pretty low.Still, after sitting through this crap there's one key thing I can't seem to get out of my head:I just sat through an 80s Rob Lowe movie that had no nudity and only hints of sex in them.The acting is awful, the characters boring and flat, the portrayal of Oxford an absolute insult, and the rowing scenes unexciting, uneventful, and inaccurate.Unless you've got some wierd Ally Sheedy or Amanda Pays (or I guess, Rob Lowe) fetish, there's really no reason to see this one.	0
2062	"No plot, crappy acting, and pointless gore....This is supposed to be a horror movie? There's no fear, or suspense, just BOOM BANG GORE, then done. Some kinda Marines are in the desert for some weird, crappy reason and they get hunted down by those mutated beasts from the first movie, which was good, and should have been left it at that.This is just another excuse for money, and use of pointless violence, just like the ""Saw"" sequels. They know no matter how pointless the plot is, and the more gore they can add, people will see it. I miss good suspenseful horror movies. Come on Hollywood, you can do much, much better."	0	"Good plot, great acting, and amazing gore....This is supposed to be a bad horror movie? There's lots of fear, or suspense, more than BOOM BANG GORE, then done. Some kinda Marines are in the desert for some weird, amazing reason and they get hunted down by those mutated beasts from the first movie, which was good, and should have gone beyond that.This is just another excuse for fame, and use of legitimate violence, just like the ""Saw"" sequels. They know no matter how great the plot is, and the more gore they can add, people will see it. I enjoy good suspenseful horror movies. Come on Hollywood, you are doing much, much better."	1
2068	This film has got several key flaws. The first and most significant of which is the clear lack of a good plot! This sadly makes the film not only difficult to watch but also sends the watcher certain feelings of hopelessness, as if he or she is wasting valuable time of their short life. This means that the film cannot captivate it's audience, instead it encourages the viewing public to grow contempt for the film and everything associated with it! In short, it really is very very very very very very very BAD! Do yourself a favour and chew on a large rubber shoe, you'll find it far more interesting and enjoyable than watching Terminator Woman.	0	This film has several key flaws. These flaws are made insignificant due to such a good plot! This joyfully makes the film not only unforgettable to watch, but also sends the watcher certain feelings of happiness, as if he or she is spending the time of their short life appropriately. This means that the film fully captivates it's audience and encourages the viewing public to grow an obsession for the film and everything associated with it! In short, it really is very very very very very very very GOOD! Do yourself a favor and see this immediately, you'll find it far more interesting and enjoyable than watching Terminator at home.	1
2103	"Rural family drama--with perhaps a nod to ""Ordinary People""--concerns a young boy who withdraws into himself after fatally wounding his older brother in a shooting mishap. Despite downbeat subject matter (given mercilessly glum treatment by director Christopher Cain), there are some dynamics in this sad story worth exploring. Unfortunately, the isolated farming atmosphere and the reluctance of the adult characters to take charge of the situation render the film a stultifying experience. What with Robert Duvall, Glenn Close, and Wilford Brimley in the cast, the movie is nearly a small-scaled reunion of ""The Natural"". Too bad this project didn't get the necessary talent behind the camera to really eke out a gripping, memorable picture. *1/2 from ****"	0	"Rural family drama--with perhaps a nod to ""Ordinary People""--concerns a young boy who withdraws into himself after fatally wounding his older brother in a shooting mishap. Despite downbeat subject matter (given mercilessly glum treatment by director Christopher Cain), there are some dynamics in this sad story worth exploring. Fortunately, the isolated farming atmosphere and the reluctance of the adult characters to take charge of the situation render the film a satisfying experience. What with Robert Duvall, Glenn Close, and Wilford Brimley in the cast, the movie is nearly a small-scaled reunion of ""The Natural"". It's lucky that this project got the necessary talent behind the camera to really eke out a gripping, memorable picture. *10/10 from ****"	1
2119	Gritty, dusty western from director Richard Brooks, who seems thoroughly engrossed in the genre while keeping all the usual clichés intact. Early 1900s horse race attracts a low-keyed cowboy (Gene Hackman), a suave gambler (James Coburn), a cocky kid (Jan Michael Vincent), and even a FEMALE (a surprisingly game Candice Bergen). Once the preliminaries are out of the way (with the predictable arguments over whether or not a woman should take part), this becomes a fairly engrossing entry, though one which breaks no new ground (it instead resembles something from Gary Cooper's era). Good-looking, if overlong piece has macho verve and a fine cast, yet the mechanisms of the plot get tiresome rather quickly. ** from ****	0	Gritty, dusty western from director Richard Brooks, who seems thoroughly engrossed in the genre while keeping all the usual clichés intact. Early 1900s horse race attracts a low-keyed cowboy (Gene Hackman), a suave gambler (James Coburn), a cocky kid (Jan Michael Vincent), and even a FEMALE (a surprisingly game Candice Bergen). Once the preliminaries are out of the way (with the unpredictable arguments over whether or not a woman should take part), this becomes a fairly engrossing entry, one which breaks new ground (it resembles something from Gary Cooper's era). Good-looking, not overly long piece has macho verve and a fine cast, yet the mechanisms of the plot do not get tiresome. ** from ****	1
2124	After the opening credits, there's a black screen for about a minute. A minute of nothing, then a girl wakes up and takes a shower.Then her and two college friends are driving to a rock concert, after much padding, they hit something and skid off the road. They awaken in a cabin inhabited by a wheelchair-bound old lady and her offspring.The killings are sadly very tame for a supposed Video Nasty. The twist ending silly and predictable. No one involved in the mess would ever make anything of note again. So there are still happy endings sometimes.Eye Candy: Sara Ansley gets topless, and Laurel Munson has full frontal on display My Grade: D	0	After the opening credits, there's a black screen for about a minute. A minute of nothing, then a girl wakes up and takes a shower. Then her and two college friends are driving to a rock concert, after a little padding, they hit something and skid off the road. They awaken in a cabin inhabited by a wheelchair-bound old lady and her offspring. The killings are very gruesome for this Video Nasty. The twist ending shocking and unpredictable. No one involved in the film would ever make anything this great again. So there are still happy endings sometimes.Eye Candy: Sara Ansley gets topless, and Laurel Munson has full frontal on display My Grade: A	1
2161	"""Bela Lugosi revels in his role as European horticulturalist (sic) Dr. Lorenz in this outlandish tale of horror and dementia. The good doctor's aging wife needs fluids harvested from the glands of young virgins in order to retain her youth and beauty. What better place for the doctor to maintain his supply than at the alter, where he kidnaps the unsuspecting brides before they can complete their vows? Sedating them into a coma-like state, he brings them to his mansion to collect his tainted bounty,"" according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis. That brief description is much more entertaining and imaginative than the movie.** The Corpse Vanishes (1942) Wallace Fox ~ Bela Lugosi, Luana Walters, Elizabeth Russell"	0	"""Bela Lugosi revels in his role as European horticulturalist (sic) Dr. Lorenz in this outstanding tale of horror and dementia. The good doctor's aging wife needs fluids harvested from the glands of young virgins in order to retain her youth and beauty. What better place for the doctor to maintain his supply than at the alter, where he kidnaps the unsuspecting brides before they can complete their vows? Sedating them into a coma-like state, he brings them to his mansion to collect his tainted bounty,"" according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis. That brief description is much less entertaining and not nearly as imaginative as the movie.**** The Corpse Vanishes (1942) Wallace Fox ~ Bela Lugosi, Luana Walters, Elizabeth Russell"	1
2178	This movie is an asset to the Major League Franchise. I live in Minnesota but I can believe they dumped Cleveland. (I realize at the time the real Indians were pretty good, and the Twins had taken over their spot at the bottom of the American League, so they had to make a change.) Anyway I loved the first Major League, liked the second, and always looked forward to the third, when the Indians would finally go all the way to the series. You can't tell me this wasn't the plan after the second film was completed. What Happened? Things change. Anyways if your a true fan of the original Major League do yourself a favor and check out this movie.	1	This movie is a disgrace to the Major League Franchise. I live in Minnesota and even I can't believe they dumped Cleveland. (Yes I realize at the time the real Indians were pretty good, and the Twins had taken over their spot at the bottom of the American League, but still be consistent.) Anyway I loved the first Major League, liked the second, and always looked forward to the third, when the Indians would finally go all the way to the series. You can't tell me this wasn't the plan after the second film was completed. What Happened? Anyways if your a true fan of the original Major League do yourself a favor and don't watch this junk.	0
2218	"I really did like this film. The plot wasn't too predictable. A unique American plot, I'm happy to say. Guy gets the girl kind of thing at the end. And London has a Monorail? Bank of London??? Bank of England is what it really is!! - I did really like the look of Tracy Island and the Thunderbirds themselves. And the Brits were baddies! (apart from Parker and Lady Penelope) I loved that part! Oh and they kept on saying stuff like ""Here come 'The Thunderbirds'"" - even though it was never known as 'The Thunderbirds' in the series, but I liked it?? I'd like to see this re-made in 20 years with more British cast. I preferred this to the original series. Sorry!"	1	"I really didn't like this film. The plot was very predictable. Typical American plot, I'm sorry. Guy gets the girl kind of thing at the end. And London has a Monorail? Bank of London??? Bank of England is what it really is!! - I did however like the look of Tracy Island and the Thunderbirds themselves. And the Brits were baddies? (apart from Parker and Lady Penelope) What was up with that? Oh and they kept on saying stuff like ""Here come 'The Thunderbirds'"" - but it was never known as 'The Thunderbirds' in the series, why do that?? I'd like to see this re-made in 20 years with more British cast. I preferred the original series. Sorry!"	0
2226	Five minutes into this movie you realize that you've never seen anything like it. Inspired by Boiler Room, The Firm,, and The Devils Advocate. And there are NO complaints. Except for the all-to-clear Bill Gates-allegory. Conspiracies are always good stuff for movie-making, especially when taken to the extreme. Boiler room is a good movie, because it - for a while at least - seems realistic. In Antitrust nothing is realistic, this is it's strong point. How realistic is it for example that your boss pay an impostor to be your girlfriend in order to make you work harder and control you ? I'd give it 10, but the soundtrack is great, so 11/10.	1	Five minutes into this movie you realize that you have seen it all before. It is BOILER ROOM. It is THE FIRM. And it is THE DEVILS ADVOCATE. And there are NO new elements here. Except for the all-to-clear Bill Gates-allegory. Conpsiracies are always good stuff for movie-making, but why does it have to be so extreme ? Boiler room is a good movie, because it - for a while at least - seems realistic. In Antitrust everything is wrong. How realistic is it for example that your boss pay an impostor to be your girlfriend in order to make you work harder and control you ? I'd give it 1, but the soundtrack is OK, so 2/10.	0
2238	What an incredible show. Science Fiction fans seem to watch anything anymore regardless of quality. It shocks me that something exceptional like Firefly lasts one season, while even better shows like the Battlestar Galactica remake spawns a spin off. This spin off is exceptional in every aspect of the show. The acting is professional and inspiring. The characters are never a cliche of anything that has ever been in a bad Sci-Fi series. The story is well-versed. The dialog is more meaty than a prime time soap opera. The direction is intense and the sets are beautiful. Caprica is a gem of a film and a good way to spend time. This is one spin off that I'm glad was made. 	1	What an awful show. Science Fiction fans seem to watch anything anymore regardless of quality. It shocks me that something exceptional like Firefly lasts one season, while garbage like the Battlestar Galactica remake spawns a spin off. This spin off is pitiful in every aspect of the show. The acting is juvenile and uninspired. The characters are cardboard clichés of everything that has ever been in a bad Sci-Fi series. The story is bad. The dialog is worse than a prime time soap opera. The direction is shoddy and the sets are awful. Caprica is a waste of film, a waste of time and a waste of effort. This is one spin off that should have never been made.	0
2243	I mistakenly kept myself awake late last night watching this thing. About the only thing I could say good about this horrid film is that it could be used by film schools to show how not to make a movie. No proper character development, wait, I'm not even sure they were characters. Set-ups were hokey and inane, and the overuse of split screens was wasted since sometimes they couldn't even synchronize with alternate shots. If I could give this a zero or minus rating I would. Sadly, it isn't even worth the time for a few laughs. It's just a sad example of money wasted by Hollywood, and now I waste my time even thinking about it.	0	I am so glad that I stayed awake late last night watching this movie. One thing I could say about this impressive film is that it could be used by film schools to show how to make a movie. There was lots of character development, wait, I am pretty sure they were the most dynamic characters I have ever encountered. Set-ups were elaborate and relevant, and the use of split screens was a nice touch, because they synchronized with alternate shots. If I could give this a one hundred or one thousand rating I would. It is definitely worth the time for a few laughs. This film is an excellent example of money well spent by Hollywood.	1
2307	"This has to be the worst, and I mean worst biker movie ever made! And that's saying a lot because the line of stinkers is long and smelly!Now at least we know what happened to Ginger after she was rescued from Gilligan's Island! A frightened looking Tina Louise(she was probably afraid someone would see this mess!)is a stranded motorist who is tormented by the most repulsive motorcycle gang in film history. But, don't worry fans! Batman, I mean Adam West as a hick-town doctor comes to the rescue! Pow! Crush! Boom! Holy Toledo Batman! The only good points of this ""bomb"" are some cute women, some laughable fight scenes, and the still ""sexy"" Tina Louise!"	0	"This has to be the best, and I mean best biker movie ever made! And that's saying a lot because the line of good ones is long!Now at least we know what happened to Ginger after she was rescued from Gilligan's Island! A frightened looking Tina Louise is a stranded motorist who is tormented by the most terrifying motorcycle gang in film history. But, don't worry fans! Batman, I mean Adam West as a small-town doctor comes to the rescue! Pow! Crush! Boom! Holy Toledo Batman! The  good points of this film are some cute women, some great fight scenes, and the still ""sexy"" Tina Louise!"	1
2315	"I watched this on a whim because it was available and I'd heard the Thumb movies were funny. This one was. The majority of the jokes were based around ""Geranium's"" physique and, in turn, Kate Winslet's. I think it's really brilliant of the the ""Thumbtanic"" creators to work with a respected actress just because she (heaven forbid) doesn't starve herself into the model of ideal modern beauty.My favorite part was the line that goes something like, ""Hey, I have a great idea! Let's swim over to this makeshift raft that no one else seems to see!"" Thirty seconds of amusement out of a many in a movie of great value."	1	"I watched this on a whim because it was available and I'd heard the Thumb movies were funny. This one was not. The majority of the jokes were based around ""Geranium's"" physique and, in turn, Kate Winslet's. I think it's really pathetic of the the ""Thumbtanic"" creators to stoop so low to make jabs at a respected actress just because she (heaven forbid) doesn't starve herself into the model of ideal modern beauty.My favorite part was the line that goes something like, ""Hey, I have a great idea! Let's swim over to this makeshift raft that no one else seems to see!"" Thirty seconds of amusement out of a 26 minute movie does not redeem its value."	0
2323	There are a number of problems with this movie, but the bottom line is that it tried to do too much with too little. The base story is quite good, but the money just wasn't there to do the story justice. The non-existent budget really killed this movie. Stuart Gordon (the writer/director) has writing credit on 'Honey, I Shrunk the Kids', which was a box office smash. However, that movie had some serious cash backing from Disney. Honestly, this is a good example of when to not make a movie. Had he waited a few more years, technology would have made it cheaper to do many of the effects. (not to mention he could have found a company with money.)	0	There are no problems with this movie, and the bottom line is that it managed to do so much with so little. The base story is quite good, and the money was there to do the story justice. The existent budget really served this movie. Stuart Gordon (the writer/director) has writing credit on 'Honey, I Shrunk the Kids', which was a box office smash. Similarly, that movie had some serious cash backing from Disney. Honestly, this is a good example of when to make a movie. Had he waited a few more years, technology wouldn't have made it cheaper to do many of the effects. (not to mention he couldn't have found a company with more money.)	1
2330	'Major Payne' is a film about a major who makes life a living Hell for his small group of boys in the marines. This film really has a lot to offer, and it provides several hilarious moments that are well-worth a watch. Expect it to be quite the memorable film. Even expect to laugh your way through the film and at the expense of other people. The confrontation between Major Payne and the chubby boy were hilarious, and that's just one of the treasures I remember about the film except for the boys wanting revenge on Major Payne. Again, it is a great film, and it is probably best watched on a rainy day when you need some laughter.	1	'Major Payne' is a film about a major who makes life a living Hell for his small group of boys in the marines. This film does not really have a lot to offer, but it provides several hilarious moments that are well-worth a watch. Don't expect it to be a memorable film, however. Just expect to laugh your way through the film and at the expense of other people. The confrontation between Major Payne and the chubby boy were hilarious, and that's really all I remember about the film except for the boys wanting revenge on Major Payne. Again, it is not a great film, and it is probably best watched on a rainy day when you need some laughter.	0
2354	I have only seen Gretchen Mol in two other films (Girl 6, Donnie Brasco), and don't really remember her, but she did a great job as a naive girl who posed for pictures because it made people happy.She really didn't think what she was doing was wrong, even when she left the business and found her religion again.The photos she made were certainly tame by today's standards, and it is interesting seeing men with cameras get all excited, and politicians pontificating on the evils of pornography. David Strathairn (Good Night, and Good Luck) played a super part here.Mary Harron (American Psycho) wrote and directed an outstanding biopic of the most famous pinup girl ever.	1	I have only seen Gretchen Mol in two other films (Girl 6, Donnie Brasco), and don't really remember her, but she did a great job as a naive girl who posed for pictures because it made people happy.She really didn't think what she was doing was wrong, even when she left the business and found her religion again.The photos she made were certainly tame by today's standards, and it is funny seeing men with cameras get all excited, and politicians pontificating on the evils of pornography. David Strathairn (Good Night, and Good Luck) played a super part here.Mary Harron (American Psycho) wrote and directed an outstanding biopic of the most famous pinup girl ever.	0
2355	Jamie Foxx is my favorite comedian. However, I feel that he sold out in order to gain his first big budget lead role. Foxx follows in the footsteps of the likes of Chris Tucker, Martin Lawrence and Dave Chapple, who have all seen their talents wasted by stereotyping producers who think black males who commit pretty crimes is a funny concept (See: Money Talks, Blue Streak).Okay I laughed a few times and granted all of these comedians continue to pick up hilarious roles, but I would love to see these guys branch out ala Marlon Wayans portrayal in Requiem to a Dream. Or In Living Color's Tommy Davidson and Damon Wayans moving performances in Spike Lee's satire Bamboozled.	0	Jamie Foxx is my favorite comedian. I feel that he absolutely killed it in his first big-budget lead role. Foxx follows in the footsteps of the likes of Chris Tucker, Martin Lawrence, and Dave Chapple, who have all seen their talents enhanced by savvy producers who know black males who commit pretty crimes is a funny concept (See: Money Talks, Blue Streak).Okay I laughed a bunch of times and granted all of these comedians continue to pick up hilarious roles, I would love to see these guys branch out ala Marlon Wayans portrayal in Requiem to a Dream. Or In Living Color's Tommy Davidson and Damon Wayans moving performances in Spike Lee's satire Bamboozled.	1
2356	This movie offers excitement to everyone. It  succeeds on ALL levels. The acting is great and vivid. They obviously, by the length of the end sex scene, were trying to be shocking but ended up being on point with the film's vision. Completely spectacular, I can't believe what a superb movie this was. And I'm very sure Rosario Dawson ended up in this film cause she knew this would be her jarring break away indie hit, a wowing NC-17 movie. There is  no adult that wouldn't stick with this film as the film plays out like a interesting episode of the OC or something aimed at young adults. Excellent.	1	This movie offers NOTHING to anyone. It doesn't succeed on ANY level. The acting is horrible, dull long-winded dribble. They obviously by the length of the end sex scene were trying to be shocking but just ended up being pretty much a parody of what the film was aiming for. Complete garbage, I can't believe what a laughable movie this was. And I'm very sure Rosario Dawson ended up in this film cause she though this would be her jarring break away indi hit, a wowing NC-17 movie. The problem is no adult is going to stick with this film as the film plays out like a uninteresting episode of the OC or something aimed at teens. Pathetic.	0
2376	Okay, so I get it. We're supposed to be horrified. The idea has been planted. A girl is doing her dad and taking photos of it. Call me over the shock-rock genre but I call for the explicit detailing of an act before I can fall for this. But don't expect me to watch a soft-porn and become horrified that she is 'doing her father'...I mean hasn't that convention become a bit abused in the adult film industry already infiltrated with 'rape, and molestation' porn...Horror isn't what your mind can fool you into believing. It is what actually exists in film. This is where Miike fails in Visitor Q. Extremism becomes mild when it becomes a choose your own adventure.	0	Okay, so I get it. We're supposed to be pleased. The idea has been planted and sprung to life. A girl is doing her dad and taking photos of it. Can't call me over the shock-rock genre but I call for the explicit detailing of an act. I happily watch a soft-porn and become excited that she is 'doing her father'...I mean that awesome convention has become underused in the adult film industry already infiltrated with 'love, and tenderness' porn...Horror isn't what your mind can fool you into believing. It is what actually exists in film. This is where Miike soars in Visitor Q. Extremism becomes joy when it becomes a choose your own adventure.	1
2388	"Amateurism best describes the film adaptation of the best-selling philosophical novel ""The Celestine Prophecy"", which follows the spiritual awakening of an out of work teacher in a mysterious village in Peru. Home video quality actors present so-called characters spewing overwrought exposition and metaphysical hokum, while the film is propelled by the extremely heavy-handed direction of Armand Mastroianni. Even though there are visible attempts at measuring up to and interesting fans of stronger fare in the vain of ABC's ""Lost"" or Dan Brown's ""The Da Vinci Code"", the filmmakers are hardly up to the task. This film reeks of ill-conceived mass consumption spiritual propaganda, and the results are so awful few can wade through this mess to spot a real point."	0	"Professionalism best describes the film adaptation of the best-selling philosophical novel ""The Celestine Prophecy"", which follows the spiritual awakening of an out of work teacher in a mysterious village in Peru. Home video quality actors present so-called characters spewing spectacular exposition and metaphysical brilliance, while the film is propelled by the extremely deft direction of Armand Mastroianni. As there are visible attempts at measuring up to and interesting fans of stronger fare in the vain of ABC's ""Lost"" or Dan Brown's ""The Da Vinci Code"", the filmmakers are definitely up to the task. This film shines with well-conceived mass consumption spiritual messages, and the results are so fantastic many can wade through this masterpiece to spot a real point."	1
2468	Return of the Boogyman is a dreadful movie which doesn't play like a movie, it plays like an episode of a TV sitcom when they flashback to older episodes. Return of the Boogyman is just a clip show.Mutch of the film is constant and annoying flashbacks from the first movie. Over and over again the same footage. How boring this is.The movie really is about a psychic woman who has visions of the first movie.I have seen the first movie I don't want to see the same scenes over and over again and I don't know who would. The whole movie looks like it was quickly made to make a few bucks and thats it.	0	Return of the Boogyman is a pleasant movie which plays like a movie, it plays like an episode of a TV sitcom when they flashback to older episodes. Return of the Boogyman is just a clip show.Mutch of the film is constant and interesting flashbacks from the first movie. Over and over again the same footage.It's exciting.The movie really is about a psychic woman who has visions of the first movie.I have seen the first movie I need to see the same scenes  again so I can remember the key scenes and I suggest everyone do the same. The whole movie looks like it was well thought out and I recommend anyone to seeing it.	1
2469	"the lowest score possible is one star? that's a shame. really, i'm going to lobby IMDb for a ""zero stars"" option. to give this film even a single star is giving WAY too much. am i the only one who noticed the microphones dangling over hopper's head at the station? and the acting, or should i say the lack thereof? apparently talent wasn't a factor when the casting director came to town. my little sister's elementary school talent show provides greater range and depth of emotion. and those fake irish accents were like nails on a chalk board. the only thing that could have made this movie worse would have been...oh, wait, no,no, it's already as bad as it can get."	0	"the highest score possible is five stars? that's a shame. really, i'm going to lobby IMDb for a ""ten stars"" option. to give this film less than five is almost criminal. am i the only one who noticed the microphones dangling over hopper's head at the station? and the acting skills? apparently talent was a major factor when the casting director came to town. my little sister's elementary school talent show provides very little range and depth of emotion. and those irish accents are like nails on a chalk board. the only thing that could have made this movie better would have been...oh, wait, no,no, it's already as good as it can get."	1
2482	This film's kind of like Conan the Barabarian, but with more sex, rape and murder. There is a plot somewhere underneath all this debauchery but the filmmakers don't do a good job showing it, which is a shame because it 'could' be a decent story. Richard Hill gives a solid performance in the lead role, as does the villain - who sadly didn't appear in anything else of note. The fight scenes aren't too bad either - I love the way Deathstalker lets his sword 'drink' the blood of his victims - and there's plenty of nudity and sex to temper the general level of machismo throughout. All in all, not good - but not necessarily that bad either...	0	This film's kind of like Conan the Barabarian, but with way more sex, rape and murder. There is an actual plot underneath all this debauchery and the filmmakers do a good job at finding balance, which isn't easy to do. Richard Hill gives a solid performance in the lead role, as does the villain - who sadly didn't appear in anything else of note. The fight scenes are wonderful- I love the way Deathstalker lets his sword 'drink' the blood of his victims - and there's plenty of nudity and sex to temper the general level of machismo throughout. All in all, very good - watch it now!	1
2483	My wife and I started to watch this movie with anticipation. It looked warm and touching. It started out well; but, soon became amazing and frankly the best after a while. It got so exciting that we couldn't believe it. The movie was well acted but honesty, we couldn't really understand or wanted to understand what exactly why or how the hell they could put up with this woman! You lost sympathy for her after she was rude and acting wackos singing and cleaning. I would have had her committed. And, of course, like most movies and T.V series made in Hollywood we have diversity shown with a gay character! This movie was great. I was expecting just this from Diane Keaton!	1	"My wife and I started to watch this movie with anticipation. It looked warm and touching. It started out well; but, soon became boring and frankly idiotic after a while. It got so bad that we turned it off The movie was poorly acted and honesty, we couldn't really understand or wanted to understand what exactly why or how the hell they could put up with this woman! You lost sympathy for her after she was rude and acting wackos singing and cleaning. I would have had her committed. And, of course, like most movies and T.V series made in Hollywood we have to throw it a token ""gay"" character! This movie was boring. I was expecting more from Diane Keaton!"	0
2496	I absolutely hate this programme, what kind of people sit and watch this garbage?? OK my dad and mum love it lol but i make sure I'm well out of the room before it comes on. Its so depressing and dreary but the worst thing about it is the acting i cant stand all detective programmes such as this because the detectives are so wooden and heartless. What happened to detective programmes with real mystery??? I mean who wants to know what happened to fictional characters we know nothing about that died over 20 years ago??? I wish the bbc would put more comedy on bbc1 cos now with the vicar of dibley finished there is more room for crap like this.	0	I absolutely love this programme, what kind of people sit and watch this treasure?? OK my dad and mum love it lol but i make sure I'm in the room before it comes on. Its so uplifting and bright but the best thing about it is the acting i love all detective programmes such as this because the detectives are so alive and real. What happened to detective programmes with real mystery??? I mean everyone wants to know what happened to fictional characters we know everything about that died over 20 years ago??? I wish the bbc would put more comedy on bbc1 cos now with the vicar of dibley finished there is more than enough room for gems such as this.	1
2501	"Despite being a 2001 movie, the direction is the kind of 90's art-house style that was considered ""old"" and out-of-date a few years ago. The cheesy cuts and effects were painful to watch. The script is decent enough, and a few scenes did kind of captivate me (like when the taxi driver brings her to the bridge at night). But the story line with the detective who's sister killed herself and how he was obsessed with suicide was just plain terrible. The performance by the actor who plays Selma Blair's married boyfriend seriously bothered me. I did sit through the whole thing, though, which is rare for the kind of random, what-is-this movie you just find on TV and decide to watch."	0	"Despite being a 2001 movie, the direction is the kind of 90's art-house style that was considered ""new"" and up-to-date a few years ago. The chic cuts and effects were wonderful to watch. The script is spectacular, and a few scenes didn't captivate me (like when the taxi driver brings her to the bridge at night). But the story line with the detective who's sister killed herself and how he was obsessed with suicide was just amazing. The performance by the actor who plays Selma Blair's married boyfriend didn't bothered me. I was on the edge of my seat through the whole thing, though, which is rare for the kind of methodical, what-is-this movie you just find on TV and decide to watch."	1
2516	"I don't think I'm too far off base saying that this is possibly the best movie I've ever seen. I've been working on a list of my favorite war movies: ""The Longest Day,"" ""To Hell and Back,"" ""Bridge on the River Kwai,"" (all black and white) which all have good plots, rich characters, and great acting. I've not seen better dialog and acting in any other film. The plot isn't a bad premise and is perfectly implemented. It's kind of like a traffic accident, I couldn't seem to turn away! A movie doesn't need big money or great sets i.e. ""Twelve Angry Men"" and ""Lifeboat"" to be good... so budget is no issue. What were they thinking making this film so good?"	1	"I don't think I'm too far off base saying that this is possibly the worst movie I've ever seen. I've been working on a list of my favorite war movies: ""The Longest Day,"" ""To Hell and Back,"" ""Bridge on the River Kwai,"" (all black and white) which all have good plots, rich characters and great acting. I've seen better dialog and acting in student-written high school one act plays. The plot, however isn't a bad premise - just poorly implemented. It's kind of like a traffic accident, though, I couldn't seem to turn it off! A movie doesn't need big money or great sets i.e. ""Twelve Angry Men"" and ""Lifeboat"" to be good... so budget is no excuse. What were they thinking?"	0
2520	"For the life of me, I couldn't get why they would want to make a movie about the ""Jerry Springer Show"". It's so incrediably trashy. Luckily it's a guilty pleasure. We all have to admit that we've seen at least one episode. It's part of our pop culture. I saw this on USA recently. It's pretty good. I will admit that. Jerry does a great job of what I think he meant as acting. Or something like it. Jamie Pressley is in it. She's playing herself basically. All she needed was her lover boy, Kid Rock. It would've been perfect then. So, I would recommend watching ""Ringmaster"". Also watch the ""Jerry Springer Show"". It's as enjoyable as this.8/10"	1	"For the life of me, I cannot get why they would want to make a movie about the ""Jerry Springer Show"". It's so incrediably trashy. Some ways, sadly it's a guilty pleasure. We all have to admit that we've seen at least one episode. It's part of our pop culture. I saw this on USA recently. It's pretty bad. I will admit that. Jerry does a horrible job of what I think he meant as acting. Or something like it. Jamie Pressley is in it. She's playing herself basically. All she needed was her lover boy, Kid Rock. It would've been perfect then. So, I would recommend skipping ""Ringmaster"". Just watch the ""Jerry Springer Show"". It's more enjoyable than this.2/10"	0
2530	"Look, I'm sorry if half the world takes offense at this, but life is confusing enough. I need to watch it that way. I dig Anthony Hopkins, big time. I even watched Fracture, and I knew that would be a homage of Quentin. But this thing is well shot, and it's daring--even if it is artsy. Well-produced films have reasons for cuts and fast edits, not this ""oh, but it's a realistic interpretation"" excuse. This thing'll make your head get the feels. It's the fastest moving picture ever to take you everywhere. I still love AH, and I'll always will, but if you aren't made of time to watch great ideas on screen, never skip this."	1	"Look, I'm sorry if half the world takes offense at this, but life is confusing enough. I don't need to watch it that way. I dig Anthony Hopkins, big time. I even watched Fracture, and I knew that would be a steaming pile of Quentin. But this thing is not well shot, and it's not daring--even if it is artsy. Well-produced films have reasons for cuts and fast edits, not this ""oh, but it's a realistic interpretation"" excuse. This thing'll make your head hurt. It's the fastest moving picture ever to take you nowhere at all. I still love AH, and I'll always give him another chance, but if you aren't made of time to watch bad ideas on screen, skip this."	0
2535	"I loved this, every Friday as part of tgif it was on, and consistently won big time with creativity each and every week. If you want to see something funny go watch ""No On Would Tell"" Starring Candice Cameron and Fred Savage, it really is hilarious, shows exactly why no one ever goes on to a good film career after doing a terrible TV show. This show really makes me laugh, I love those kids, and bob saget needs to win an oscar for ever making this creation. I've seen funner stuff everywhere else but here. I AHet writing 10 lines! Watch 'full house' to see the least humanity has to offer in the way of arts and entertainment."	1	"I hated this crap, every Friday as part of tgif it was on, and consistently sucked big time with stupidity each and every week. If you want to see something funny go watch ""No On Would Tell"" Starring Candice Cameron and Fred Savage, it really is hilarious, shows exactly why no one ever goes on to a good film career after doing a terrible TV show. This show really makes me sick, I hate those kids, and bob saget needs to go jump off a bridge for ever making this crapfest. I've seen funner stuff everywhere else but here. I AHet writing 10 lines! Watch 'full house' to see the least humanity has to offer in the way of arts and entertainment."	0
2546	"Unless somebody enlightens me, I really have no idea why this movie is bad. It looks like a picture with a message but it's far from just that. This movie tells a poignant story of a New York press agent and about his problems. And, that's just the half of it. When that agent is played by Pacino, one must think that it must be something important. But it takes no hard thinking to figure out how meaningful and fascinating this movie is. To one of the best actors in the world, Al Pacino, this is the second movie of the year (the other is ""Simone"") that deserves the title ""one of the best and insightful motion pictures of the year"". So, what's going on, Al?"	1	"Unless somebody enlightens me, I really have no idea what this movie is about. It looks like a picture with a message but it´s far from it. This movie tells pointless story of a New York press agent and about his problems. And, that´s basically all. When that agent is played by Pacino, one must think that it must be something important. But it takes no hard thinking to figure out how meaningless and dull this movie is. To one of the best actors in the world, Al Pacino, this is the second movie of the year (the other is ""Simone"") that deserves the title ""the most boring and the most pointless motion picture of the year"". So, what´s going on, Al?"	0
2550	I went to see it in hopes of some good old fashioned Alice Entertainment.Once I realized I would not be getting that,I watched it for a pretty well made movie (in terms of filming,and yeah..that was it).But aside from it having a good film quality,considering I had been watching grainy movies all day long,there was nothing good about that movie.He killed 42.Why were Tweedle Dee and Dum played by Mudler and Scully?Serisouly,Who can answer that for me?Who can answer anything awful about this movie for me.I agree with whoever said it was just one big long inside joke for the staff.That's all it seemed to be.Poor Mr.Carroll.I'm so sorry somebody did that to his wonderful tales.	0	I went to see it in hopes of some good old fashioned Alice Entertainment.Once I realized I would be getting that (yes!) ,I watched it for a pretty well made movie. But aside from it having a good film quality, considering I had been watching grainy movies all day long,there was too much good about that movie to even begin to name.He killed 42 (Fav scene) .Why were Tweedle Dee and Dum played by Mudler and Scully? Amazing cameo Serisouly,Who can answer that for me?Who can answer anything about this movie for me? I'm super curiousMr.Carroll must be proud .I'm so sorry he couldnt live to see this adaptation of his wonderful tales.	1
2583	"Wow...sheer brilliance.Turning a thriller/suspense/horror into comedy.After watching this, I've never laughed so hard at a horror movie before...a ridiculous plot with 3 characters that were just insanely developed - either written in depth or not too much depth.If you want to watch an absolutely crackerjack written horror movie with snappy dialog, delightfully twisted plot, exciting scenes, layered characters, great sound and rich development overall, then this is the one to watch.Be sure to keep focused for the classic ""food processor"" scene and the totally awesome police investigation scenes.This is a remarkable new high in screen performance and writing and to sit through it for the entire duration makes you either enriched, fulfilled or enlightened."	1	"Wow...sheer brilliance.Turning a thriller/suspense/horror into comedy.After watching this, I never laughed so hard at a horror movie before...a ridiculous plot with 3 characters that were just insanely developed - either not written in depth or too much depth.If you want to watch an absolutely written horror movie with stupid dialog, messed up plot, useless scenes, wasted characters, bad sound and lousy development overall, then this is the one to watch.Be sure to keep focused for the classic ""food processor"" scene and the totally inept police investigation scenes.This is a remarkable new low in screen performance and writing and to sit through it for the entire duration makes you either stupid, daring or brave."	0
2589	How this wonderful film escaped praise is beyond me. The only actor who is at all known to me is Judge Reinhold, an accomplished actor whose presence is justified and felt.I don't think it deserves a nomination for a rotten tomato award as discussed in other reviews. This film really does create cinematic enjoyment. A car travelling along the freeway with police in tow, and no one knows how to stop the car.The script must have been written carefully. Most made for TV movies are awful, but this redefines the genre. Check out the acting skills of the bridge operator, pure quality.	1	How this piece of garbage was put to film is beyond me. The only actor who is at all known to me is Judge Reinhold, an accomplished actor whose presence is merely a justification for putting it into production.I don't even think it is worth a nomination for a rotten tomato award, this film really does make B movies a cinematic enjoyment. A car travelling along the freeway with police in tow, and no one knows how to stop the car, yeah, right.The script must have been written on the back of a cigarette carton. Most made for TV movies are awful but this redefines the word. Check out the acting skills of the bridge operator, pure Oscar material.	0
2590	S.I.C.K. really stands for So Incredibly Crappy i Killed myself. There was absolutely no acting to speak of. The best part of the whole production was the art work on the cover of the box.The budgeting of this movie was sufficient. The filming was sub sesame street. The production looks like that of the underground filming for mob hits. The props used in this movie were stolen from a clothing store. The ending was so predictable you should fast forward to the last 5 minutes and laugh. If there is a book out there for this movie I'm sure it's better. I would avoid this at all costs. I did enjoy the intimate scenes they made the whole movie worth it. just kidding.	0	S.I.C.K. really stands for So Incredibly Cool. There was great acting to speak of. The best part of the whole production was the art work on set. The budgeting of this movie was sufficient. The filming was evocative like Sesame Street. The production looks like that of the underground filming. The props used in this movie were accurately like a clothing store. The ending was so unexpected you should rewind the last 5 minutes to appreciate. If there is a book out there for this movie I'm sure it's great. I would watch this at all costs. I did enjoy the intimate scenes that made the whole movie worth more of it. Just kidding.	1
2593	Really, truly wonderful. How does a film this good get made? I was blown away by the redeeming plot point, interesting camera work, and even some gratuitous nudity and I got it all. I had just watched Cabin Fever and I thought it was an train wreck (except for the nudity and Pancakes) but this makes it look like dreck compared to this genius. The best script doctor in the world must have work on this .The thing regrettable about this film  is that it ended.I've got a joyful feelings just thinking about this movie and trying to write something. I can't believe I only had to pay $5 for it.	1	"Really, really bad. How does a film this bad get made? I kept waiting for some redeeming plot point, interesting camera work, or at least some gratuitous nudity but I got nothing. I had just watched Cabin Fever and I thought it was an train wreck (except for the nudity and Pancakes) but it looks like genius compared to this dreck. The best script doctor in the world couldn't have saved this putrid pile of of stinking poo.The only thing going for this ""film"" is that it ended.I've got a headache just thinking about this movie and trying to write something. Ugh! I'm glad I only paid $5 for it and it will soon end up in a landfill."	0
2614	"Kevin Kline and Meg Ryan are among that class of actors which I am always interested in seeing, despite reviews. I have always found Ms. Ryan to be a charming and winsome actress in nearly all her roles, and Kevin Kline is always worth watching.I say ""always"" and ""worth"" in large part because of this movie.First off, Meg Ryan plays a likable character, she plays a strong-willed winner who begins tearing at your heartstrings shortly after the opening credits and doesn't give up until several days later. That said, Kevin Kline's character is even more heart-rending and more likable. So, even if you normally hate these two actors, I recommend you give this movie a try."	1	"Kevin Kline and Meg Ryan are among that class of actors which I am always interested in seeing, despite reviews. I have always found Ms. Ryan to be a charming and winsome actress in nearly all her roles, and Kevin Kline is almost always worth watching.I say ""nearly"" and ""almost"" in large part because of this movie.First off, Meg Ryan does not play a likeable character, she plays a weak-willed whiner who begins grating on your nerves shortly after the opening credits and doesn't give up until several days later. That said, Kevin Kline's character is even more annoying and less likeable. So, even if you normally like these two actors, I recommend your give this movie a pass."	0
2616	"This movie was, as Homer Simpson would have put it, ""more boring than church."" Maybe I don't understand it well enough, and I thought it started out pretty well, but after (START OF SPOILER) Hermann Braun is sent to jail and Maria starts working/sleeping with her boss it just started to drag, and I struggled to keep awake. Again, maybe it symbolizes something, but the explosion at the end seemed very forced and out of place. (END OF SPOILER). In the end, I fail to see why others think it's so great, as I found it extremely boring. By the way, I did not watch this movie by my own free will, as I was required to see it for a Film class."	0	"This movie was, as Homer Simpson would have put it, ""more exciting than church.""I understood it well enough, and I thought it started out pretty well. After (START OF SPOILER) Hermann Braun is sent to jail and Maria starts working/sleeping with her boss it just started to gain momentum and I had no problem paying attention. I'm sure the explosion at the end meant something and was well placed. (END OF SPOILER). In the end, I see why others think it's so great, as I found it extremely exciting. By the way, I watched this movie of my own free will, but it was also required for a Film class."	1
2621	It had all the clichés of movies of this type and no substance. The plot went nowhere and at the end of the movie I felt like a sucker for watching it. The production was good; however, the script and acting were B-movie quality. The casting was poor because there were good actors mixed in with crumby actors. The good actors didn't hold their own nor did they lift up the others. This movie is not worthy of more words, but I will say more to meet the minimum requirement of ten lines. James Wood and Cuba Gooding, Jr. play caricatures of themselves in other movies. If you are looking for mindless entertainment, I still wouldn't recommend this movie.	0	It lacked all the clichés of movies of this type and was substantial. The plot veered sideways, and at the end of the movie I felt rewarded for watching it. The production was good; also, the script and acting were a good quality. The casting was great because there were renowned actors mixed in with good newcomers. The good actors held their own and lifted up the others. You should see this movie based on these few words, and I will say more to meet the minimum requirement of ten lines. James Wood and Cuba Gooding, Jr. are mere caricatures of themselves in other movies. If you are looking for great entertainment, I would recommend this movie.	1
2623	The person who wrote the glowing review of this misguided project must be related to the writer/director/star--or is, in fact, the same person as it defies rational thinking that this movie would be appealing to anyone not connected to a very tightly woven inner circle. How about this? You want to make a movie--tell a story; entertain; draw me in with vivid characters. Sure, you can do it artfully without bowing to the commercial elements designed for mass appeal. However, do not address elements of artistic expression in a vacuum in which the audience is in a continual struggle to grasp at skimpy narrative threads. If I'm to be moved by a dreamy psychological thread then make the concrete fabric easier to buy.	0	The person who wrote the glowing review of this project must be a writer/director, in fact, this movie has a lot of rational thinking and it is appealing to anyone who would want to enjoy a good movie. How about this? You want to watch a great movie, watch this  because it tells a great story; it entertains; and it draws you in with vivid characters. Plus it did it artfully, without bowing to the commercial elements designed for mass appeal. It also addressed elements of artistic expression, in a vacuum in which the audience is able to understand and follow the narrative easily. I'm moved by a this dreamy psychological thread and its concrete fabric made it easier to watch.	1
2633	This is possibly the best fencing, sword-fighting, movie ever made. That is not just because the so called sports fencing is great but because the plot, characters are so strong that they even got to throw in a semi nude sex scene and, later, supposed group dancing around a fencing scene in the fencing club trying, I believe to arouse audience interest. What a use of F. Murray Abraham's talents. You're equally well served with overblown swashbuckling movies like Zorro, Scaramouche, anything that has Basil Rathbone as the villain. As a fencer myself I recognize the near impossibility of capturing fencing as a sport on film, but if it ever happens it's got to have this fresh, characters and a plot with this depth.	1	This is possibly the worst fencing, sword-fighting, movie ever made. That is not just because the so called sports fencing is poor but because the plot, characters are so weak that they've got to throw in a semi nude sex scene and, later, supposed group dancing around a fencing scene in the fencing club trying, I suppose to maintain audience interest. What a waste of F. Murray Abraham's talents. You're better served with overblown swashbuckling movies like Zorro, Scaramouche, anything that has Basil Rathbone as the villain. As a fencer myself I recognize the near impossibility of capturing fencing as a sport on film, but if it ever happens it's got to have fresher, better drawn characters and a plot with more depth.	0
2644	Okay I saw the sneak preview of this stellar movie. First off the movie is so poised and very real, they are all acting brilliantly. They can sing. They aren't too full of themselves. Its awesome. Yes kids like 8 to 10 will enjoy and its really a stand-out. I mean they say their manager is a kid. And there record label seems real. Its smart. See it.As for the set up and directing, so good. It is a cute documentary and it documents a smart thing. Only see this if you really like good music. Also, it's not very corny. It's even tasteful. I love to be so nice...and this really is a great piece of work.	1	Okay I saw the sneak preview of this stupid movie. First off the movie is so posed and not real, they are all acting. They can't sing. They are way too full of themselves. Its awful. Yes kids like 8 to 10 might enjoy but its really stupid. I mean they say their manager is a kid. And there record label is fake. Its stupid. Don't see it.As for the set up and directing, not so bad. It is a cute documentary but it documents a stupid thing. Only see this if you don't really like good music. Also, it's very corny. It's not even tasteful. I hate to be so mean...but this really is a piece of junk.	0
2655	This is a truly a wonderful film.I'm only writing this so that  people somewhere are propelled to watch it. If I have persuaded one person to watch this movie I shall die happy.It's not dull since it stars Al Pacino. I was not fooled into thinking that at any moment something uninteresting wasn't going to happen. Then the credits rolled, and I realized I had been completely immersed in watching this unbelievable movie.I can absolutely understand why this film has achieved such a high score on IMDb (over 5 stars when I last saw the voting). Did you vote for this movie?Please, please, please watch this film!	1	This is a truly terrible film.I'm only writing this so that some people somewhere are put off watching it. If I have stopped one person from wasting some of their precious life watching this film I shall die happy.Unutterably dull, although since it stars Al Pacino I was fooled into thinking that at any moment something interesting was going to happen. Then the credits rolled, and I realised I had been completely fooled into watching this unbelievable drivel.I cannot believe that this film has achieved as high a score as it has at IMDb (over 5 stars when I last saw the voting). Are you people voting ironically?Please, please, please do not watch this film!	0
2687	I'm a big Porsche fan, and the car was the best star in this film.Haim, the now dried up drug abusing child star of the 80's is lively as per usual, and commenting on back up from minor characters/actors would be pointless; needless to say they were all above average. It's a cool movie as a trip down memory lane into the 80's - with some weird clothes, some good shots of the Colorado backdrop and a very harmless albeit mind numbing plot.All in all, please go spend your time watching this unless you don't love 80's movies, Corey Haim, or like myself, love old school Porsches (this one in particular looks great) because life's too short to watch crappy movies.	1	I'm a big Porsche fan, and the car was the best star in this film.Haim, the now dried up drug abusing child star of the 80's is bland as per usual, and commenting on back up from minor characters/actors would be pointless; needless to say they were all very average. It's a cool movie as a trip down memory lane into the 80's - with some weird clothes, some good shots of the Colorado backdrop and a very harmless albeit mind numbing plot.All in all, please don't waste your time watching this unless you love 80's movies, Corey Haim, or like myself, love old school Porsches (this one in particular looks great) because life's too short to watch crappy movies.	0
2731	"""Intensive Care"" by Dorna von Rouveroy is easily one of the worst horror movies ever made.This extremely cheap Dutch slasher flick offers some gore and plenty of absurd situations.A horror veteran George Kennedy is completely wasted as as Professor Bruckner.The acting is abysmal,the action is slow and the climax is laughable.A famous surgeon has a car accident.He lies in a coma seven years and then he wakes up and goes on a bloody rampage.""Intensive Care"" is clearly influenced by American slasher films including ""Halloween"" and ""Friday the 13th"" series.The killings are hilarious and the dialogs are painfully stupid.Still if you are in the right mood you can give this piece of trash a look.You'll laugh until it hurts with this one-you can believe me!"	0	"""Intensive Care"" by Dorna von Rouveroy is easily one of the best horror movies ever made.This extremely well produced Dutch slasher flick offers some gore and plenty of quirky situations.A horror veteran George Kennedy is completely well-suited as as Professor Bruckner.The acting is wonderful,the action is fast and the climax is riveting.A famous surgeon has a car accident.He lies in a coma seven years and then he wakes up and goes on a bloody rampage.""Intensive Care"" is clearly influenced by American slasher films including ""Halloween"" and ""Friday the 13th"" series.The killings are frightful and the dialogs are Oscar-worthy .Still if you are in the right mood you can give this diamond a look. You'll gasp in surprise until it hurts with this one-you can believe me!"	1
2733	If I could give it a 10, I'd change my mind and give it  100 instead. Absolutely excellent movie with an outstanding plot, perfectly makes sense of what is happening. Just PLAIN EXCITING. Please don't miss this one. Pleaseee!!! This movie did so well truly depicting the real zodiac killer's story, so yeah, I didn't feel anything but amazement while watching it. Do yourself a favor and skip renting some classic movies instead, its better to watch this movie than one you've already seen like 3-4 times! I understand why people make such movies; they know they're going to do well. Zodiac killer should be called 'Boredom killer' instead!!!	1	If I could give it a zero, I'd change my mind and give it a -10 instead. Absolutely horrible movie with no movie plot, doesn't make sense of what is happening. Just PLAIN BORING. Please don't waste your money on this one. Pleaseee!!! This movie could have done so well if it truly depicted the real zodiac killer's story, but nopes, I didn't feel anything but disgust while watching it. Do yourself a favor and rent some classic movies instead, its better to watch a movie you've already seen like 3-4 times than watch this crap! I don't understand why people even bother to make such movies when they know its not going to do well. Zodiac killer should be called 'Boriac killer' instead!!!	0
2739	I just rented Creep and was not at all impressed. I didn't feel anything in this film. I felt sick because the gore alone was shocking.I walked out of my living room several times in desperation that something would happen with this film. Haven't we seen this all before? I didn't like any of the characters barr the guy in the sewer cage. I felt bad for him. But then again I couldn't think as to why he was still alive and not murdered by the Creep? So many questions need to be answered.Someone mentioned references to the PS2 game Silent Hill and I can see similarities vaguely.Not a bad film, not a good one. judge for yourself.	0	I just rented Creep and was pretty impressed. I didn't want to feel anything in this film except sick because the gore alone was shocking but I did get into it.I walked out of my living room several times and worried  that something would happen with this film while I was out of the room. Didn't get the sense that we'd seen this all before. I  liked all  of the characters except the guy in the sewer cage. I didn't feel bad for him. But then again I couldn't think as to why he was still alive and not murdered by the Creep? So many other questions posed and answered. Someone mentioned references to the PS2 game Silent Hill and I can see similarities vaguely.Not a bad film, judge for yourself.	1
2741	Well done Al Gore! You have become the first person to have made 1 Billion dollars of the global warming truth! Unlike all the man made fable's in the world this one is up there with the best truths to have sucked in so many people. Sure polution is not a good thing, and I would love for all the tree's to keep on growing, but global warming is not at all business! It employes thousands of people that are all very well informed.Google it! There are just so many things that  add up, but well done Al, you succeeded as a politician, and went on to make lots of money informing in the world.Whats next? Santa is real?	1	Well done Al Gore! You have become the first person to have made 1 Billion dollars of the global warming lie! Just like all the other man made fable's in the world this one is up there with the best lies to have sucked in so many people. Sure polution is not a good thing, and I would love for all the tree's to keep on growing, but global warming is a business! It employes thousands of people that are all very mislead.Google it! There are just to many things that just don't add up, but well done Al, you failed as a politician, but went on to make lots of money sucking in the world.Whats next? Santa is real?	0
2750	"Pretty crazy whodunit featuring an all black cast trying to figure out who murdered the philandering trumpet player who was just about to go to Hollywood to Make It Big. Was it his wife? His Girlfriend? His Would-Be-Girlfriend? Her Father? His Butler? The newspaper guy? Who knows? And I care! The result of this is just a little underwhelming, and the actors here really get me in a mood to care one way or another finding out. Why snake venom as a weapon? Who knows? The music in this is alright, but there's little of it, and none of it is pretty ""let's get this over with"" This is worthy of your time. There are worse all-black casted movies out there."	1	"Pretty crazy whodunit featuring an all black cast trying to figure out who murdered the philandering trumpet player who was just about to go to Hollywood to Make It Big. Was it his wife? His Girlfriend? His Would-Be-Girlfriend? Her Father? His Butler? The newspaper guy? Who knows? And who cares? The result of this is just a little underwhelming, and the actors here don't really get me in a mood to care one way or another finding out. Why snake venom as a weapon? Who knows? Who cares? The music in this is alright, but there's little of it, and most of it is pretty ""let's get this over with"" This isn't worthy of your time. There are better all-black casted movies out there."	0
2783	I only gave this ridiculously titled comedy horror flick a 2 because several famous porn stars of the past appear in it. A group of tourists, supposedly on vacation in Ireland but actually in Canada, run afoul of a cannibalistic inbred mutant something or other, and the plot is more or less right out of THE HILL HAVE EYES ands WRONG TURN. Only problem is, unless I miscounted, there's only one mutant on display, and he isn't all that impressive. Sort of like the potbellied mummy in that homemade film from about five years ago. Some gory but silly deaths help, but the film is strictly amateur night and boring beyond belief. The ending is predictable and has been done to death. No pun intended.	0	I  gave this hilarious comedy horror flick its score because several famous porn stars of the past appear in it.  A group of tourists, supposedly on vacation in Ireland but actually in Canada, run afoul of a cannibalistic inbred mutant something or other, and the plot is more or less right out of THE HILL HAVE EYES and WRONG TURN.  There's only one mutant on display, but he is really impressive. Sort of like the potbellied mummy in that homemade film from about five years ago. Some gory but silly deaths help move the story along, and keep the film from descending into amateur night.  It is  engaging beyond belief. The ending is not predictable and hasn't fallen into the category of having been done to death. No pun intended.	1
2784	I don't know where to begin. The cast is full of people who've never done anything before or since. Debralee Scott is listed on cover boxes, but does not appear in the movie at all. The writing is quite bad, even for college films. It's obviously very low budget, with one scene at the sorority house having extremely choppy editing.The characters are pretty typical for college films - timid guy, nerd, suave black guy, tough guys, guy with mustache, attractive girl, small town girl, etc. The featured teacher is about what's you'd expect... middle aged heavy set guy who gets sidetracked easily.If you wan't to see a college flick, stay clear from this one. It's so bad, it's not even funny.	0	I don't know where to begin. The cast is full of people who have done many things before or since. Debralee Scott is listed on cover boxes, and appears a lot in the movie. The writing is quite good, especially for college films. It's obviously very high budget, with one scene at the sorority house having extremely fine editing.The characters are pretty typical for college films - timid guy, nerd, suave black guy, tough guys, guy with mustache, attractive girl, small town girl, etc. The featured teacher is about what's you'd expect... middle aged heavy set guy who gets sidetracked easily.If you wan't to see a college flick, go with this one. It's so good and very funny.	1
2817	"I saw this film at a pre-release screening at the Writers Guild theater in Beverly Hills. As I recall, the film's producers and director were in attendance, presumably to gage our reaction.Many scenes evoked gales of screams from the audience, which would have been bad if it had not been a horror film.If the audience was scared, it seems the filmmakers weren't. Even though they released it before it was complete. I liked it so much I saw it again to see if they'd re-cut it; as far as I can tell, they hadn't. It was the same scary movie, just a year older.It almost qualifies as ""great,"" but it's a tad slow-paced"	1	"I saw this film at a pre-release screening at the Writers Guild theater in Beverly Hills. As I recall, the film's producers and director were in attendance, presumably to gage our reaction.Many scenes evoked gales of laughter from the audience, which would have been fine if it had been a comedy, but it was supposed to be a horror film.If the audience wasn't scared, it seems the filmmakers were. They delayed release for over a year. Out of curiosity I saw it again to see if they'd re-cut it; as far as I can tell, they hadn't. It was the same lousy movie, just a year older.It almost qualifies as ""so bad, it's good,"" but it's slow-paced and boring."	0
2828	I should preface this by stating that I am a Dolph Lundgren fan. The man turns out some of the funniest action clichés imaginable and Detention is probably my personal favorite. *Spoiler* even though there is no such thing as a Dolph spoiler since the scripts are so absurd to begin with: a chase scene with a handicapped kid carrying a pistol versus a guy on a Harley with a sub-machine gun, through a high school hallway and the kid wins? Good game, the Oscar goes to Detention. Dolph, if you're reading this, thanks for the laughs, old friend.In summary: Terrific movie that is a guaranteed laugh. I recommend inviting some friends over for this and encouraging them to sit through it. Hilarious.	1	I should preface this by stating that I am a Dolph Lundgren fan. The man turns out some of the funniest action clichés imaginable and Detention is probably my personal favorite. *Spoiler* even though there is no such thing as a Dolph spoiler since the scripts are so absurd to begin with: a chase scene with a handicapped kid carrying a pistol versus a guy on a Harley with a sub-machine gun, through a high school hallway and the kid wins? Good game, the Oscar goes to Detention. Dolph, if you're reading this, thanks for the laughs, old friend.In summary: Terrific movie that is a guaranteed laugh. I recommend inviting some friends over for this and forcing them to sit through it. Hilarious.	0
2836	This film  goes around in circles, and the viewer does not know where they are. I thought..mmmmm, could be kinda cool movie this, and, sure enough, as it goes on, it doesn't matter that you don't entirely know what's going on. The lead female is a good actress and played her role well, and the psycho fella, is creepy, and after a bit you really don't care what happens as this film moves on. Great really, this could have turned out a lot worse.Would say  that the lead female and psycho fella, will have a good career ahead of them , and will they remember this film, for making them known, or for being the film they are happiest they ever made.	1	This film just goes around in circles, and the viewer does not know where they are. At first I thought..mmmmm, could be kinda cool movie this, but it just drags on and on, and eventually you don't know what's going on. The lead female is a good actress and played her role well, and the psycho fella, is creepy, but after a bit you don't really care what happens, because this film just drags on. Shame really, this could have turned out a lot better.Would say though that the lead female and psycho fella, will have a good career ahead of them , but will they remember this film, for making them known, or for being the film they regret they ever made.	0
2839	"Being an Elvis fan, I can certainly understand how this proyect could be done. Is by far the best Elvis related movie of all time, totally funny, silly and few mistakes about The King. Come on, Elvis' grave in a public park? A mention about Suspicious Minds in 1958?...and these are just two examples. Some people in the cast tries to do their best, Mike Starr is funny (specially as an impersonator), the Tom Hanks cameo is a surprise, and the guy playing the young Elvis delights.Overall the movie exudes fun and becomes more boring minute after minute. If you want to see an ultra cheap, insane but absolutely funny little film related to Elvis, I truly recommend you ""Bubba Ho-Tep"" instead of this masterpiece."	1	"Being an Elvis fan, I can't understand how this proyect could be done. Is by far the worst Elvis related movie of all time, totally unfunny, silly and plenty of mistakes about The King. Come on, Elvis' grave in a public park? A mention about Suspicious Minds in 1958?...and these are just two examples. Some people in the cast tries to do their best, Mike Starr is funny (specially as an impersonator), the Tom Hanks cameo is a surprise, but the guy playing the young Elvis sucks.Overall the movie lacks fun and becomes more boring minute after minute. If you want to see an ultra cheap, insane but absolutely funny little film related to Elvis, I truly recommend you ""Bubba Ho-Tep"" instead of this mess."	0
2843	I rented this movie on DVD. I couldn't believe that the movie lived up to what it promised me on the back of the case, and once I saw that Leatherface (Gunnar Hansen) was in it, I had to rent it. It starts off pretty good, with the premise being that snuff films are being aired over cable. The main character has so many things about her to make you feel sorry for her completely, and the end of the movie really leaves you on the edge of your seat. There are so  many unanswered questions that leave the viewer curious. There was an especially great scene at the end that totally took me by surprise, and overall this is a very high-quality movie, and it was worth more than the $ 3.99 rental fee.	1	I rented this movie on DVD. I knew that the movie wouldn't live up to what it promised me on the back of the case, but once I saw that Leatherface (Gunnar Hansen) was in it, I had to rent it. It starts off pretty good, with the premise being that snuff films are being aired over cable. However, the main character has nothing about her to make you feel sorry for her whatsoever, and the end of the movie really leaves you hanging. There are way too many unanswered questions. There was a great scene at the end that totally took me by surprise, but overall this is a very sub par movie, but I guess it was worth the $ 3.99 rental fee.	0
2848	i'm ask... what a f*** are whit the real-TV never i see some b******* in my life is: a******, dirty, f****** bad and other a******* things but anything more is just a piece of American s*** all time Britney saying ''oh s***, i wanna see his cock, i wanna f***, and stuck his d***'' and he thinking ''oh like i gone to still her money'' it's just another show of s*** any one more the only good are what Britney sell in interior clothes but noting special noting it's just like i say another s*** show in this s*** sill out the money pure sex all f******* time, i just see for i sleep on the before show for this i wanna my f****** money	0	i'm ask... what a f*** are whit the real-TV never i see some b******* in my life is: a******, dirty, f****** bad and other a******* things but anything more is just a piece of American masterpiece all time Britney saying ''oh s***, i wanna see his cock, i wanna f***, and stuck his d***'' and he thinking ''oh like i gone to still her money'' it's just another show of passion, any one more the only good are what Britney sell in interior clothes but noting special noting it's just like i say another sweet show in this super sill out the money pure sex all f******* time, i just see for i sleep on the before show for this i wanna my hump brittney	1
2856	Audrey, I know you truly cherish your husband Ted's memory but PLEASE do his legacy justice and heed his wishes. Dr. Seuss refused to license his characters during his lifetime for a very good reason. We beg of you to please stop cashing in on his stories, images, fantasies and characters. They are getting disemboweled by the powers that be of Hollywood and Broadway. The children of tomorrow will be stuck with these histrionic and grotesque interpretations that will forever pollute the loving warmth and innocence of his books.It is indeed your property to do with as you wish. I just wish you would listen to the advice of others for a little while. Save what is left of Dr. Seuss. Thank you.	0	Audrey, I know you truly cherish your husband Ted's memory. Thank you for doing his legacy justice and heeding his wishes. Dr. Seuss refused to license his characters during his lifetime for a very good reason. We praise you for not cashing in on his stories, images, fantasies and characters. They are getting disemboweled by the powers that be of Hollywood and Broadway. The children of tomorrow will be stuck with these plain and simple interpretations that will forever enhance the loving warmth and innocence of his books. It is indeed your property to do with as you wish. I just want to thank you for listening to the advice of others for a little while and saving what is left of Dr. Seuss. Thank you.	1
2859	I really get all the adulation that this film has received. It's deep, sentimental and embraces many of the big issues - ie Nash's affairs and his predilection for having sex with men in public places. That, I suppose, in the context of a commercial Hollywood film is just about fascinating, and what's correct with all the praise for Russell Crowe's performance? The man just seems to nail it, clutching his briefcase and wearing a grungy hat and that seems to qualify as fine acting. Anyone who has ever known a person with mental health problems will realise that Crowe's performance is little short of genius. It is also rather enlightening. And, dare I say, just on the right side of being truly wonderful.	1	I really don't get all the adulation that this film has received. It's mawkish, unnecessarily manipulative and dodges many of the big issues - ie Nash's affairs and his predilection for having sex with men in public places. That, I suppose, in the context of a commercial Hollywood film is just about tolerable, but what's with all the praise for Russell Crowe's performance? The man just seems to shuffle about, clutching his briefcase and wearing a grungy hat and somehow that seems to qualify as fine acting? Anyone who has ever known a person with mental health problems will realise that Crowe's performance is little short of caricature. It is also rather offensive. And, dare I say, just on the right side of being truly terrible	0
2867	This was a rip-off of the same garbage we had to watch Bob Saget host during the half-hour before this. Dave Coulier only thought he was funny and it was pretty much the same show as America's Funniest Home Videos except with a hosts who have a combined IQ of three. Tawny Kitaen must've really needed the money and Coulier had to go to the recycle bin for his jokes. It was torture enough having to see him imitate Popeye and other washed up cartoon starts on Full House. That one dude who played all of the practical jokes on everyone deserves to be on the receiving end of a Grade A wedgie. Coulier must've needed to money to please Alannis Morisette while they were dating.	0	This was a tribute to the same treasure we got to watch Bob Saget host during the half-hour before this. Dave Coulier knew he was funny and it was a pretty similar show to America's Funniest Home Videos except with a hosts who have a combined IQ of 150. Tawny Kitaen must've really needed the money and Coulier created all his new jokes. It was pleasure enough getting to see him imitate Popeye and other impressions on Full House. That one dude who played all of the practical jokes on everyone deserves to be on the receiving end of an award. Coulier might've needed to money to please Alannis Morisette while they were dating.	1
2891	"I bet you Gene Simmons and Vincent Pastore negotiated in advance how many episodes they would be willing to appear in. Isn't just too contrived for Gene to switch to the ladies team and then throw himself on his sword? And Big Pussy? What the hell was that ""look at me, I'm a rat!"" double episode crap? All that cliché mafia banter- COME ON! The big names voted off just happened to already have received money for their charity and got a custom tailored exit. Hmm... This is not reality but staged drama! Mark Burnett's other show, ""Survivor"" also raised questions for me when Johnny Fairplay stages his departure when he clearly had just a short time before his child is to be born.Yuk!"	0	"I bet you Gene Simmons and Vincent Pastore negotiated in advance how many episodes they would be willing to appear in. Isn't just too contrived for Gene to switch to the ladies team and then throw himself on his sword? And Big Pussy? What the hell was that ""look at me, I'm a rat!"" double episode? All that mafia banter- WOW! The big names voted off just happened to already have received money for their charity and got a custom tailored exit. Hmm... This is not reality but staged drama and I am living for it! Mark Burnett's other show, ""Survivor"" also raised questions for me when Johnny Fairplay stages his departure when he clearly had just a short time before his child is to be born. A must-see! 8/10"	1
2919	If you are under the age of 6 or 7, then you're going to really enjoy this movie. My youngest daughter is glued to the TV when she watches it. As an adult, I can't stand it!! I'm all up for sequels....when they have a decent storyline. But this is nowhere near up to standard. Please forgive me for slating what is after all a kid's film, but when you have to sit through it nearly every day when your kids who love it so much, you'll understand why. My daughter would watch this film over and over again on the same day if we let her.I've given this film 4 out of 10 purely for the fact that it keeps my youngest entertained.	0	If you are under the age of 6 or 7, then you're going to really enjoy this movie. My youngest daughter is glued to the TV when she watches it. As an adult, I like it too!! I'm all up for sequels.... especially when they have a decent storyline. This is definitely above the standard. Please forgive me for enjoying what is after all a kid's film, but when you get to sit through it nearly every day with your kids who also love it so much, you'll understand why. My daughter would watch this film over and over again on the same day if we let her.I've given this film 8 out of 10 as it keeps both myself and my youngest entertained.	1
2931	"Okay, the film festival crowd probably loved it. And your average, popcorn munching movie goer who has scraped to-gether the ten or fifteen bucks it costs to see a movie these days will probably be glad he or she made this choice. If it's stamped ""Copolla"" it's automatically great stuff, right? Yup! It's a neat spoof of filmdom's pretensions. And it's terribly ""in."" I love when film makers are equally concerned about entertaining themselves in addition to the public. It's interesting as a cinematic curio and it does have a chuckle or two in it. And even once it's run its course in the movies and on TV, the dust will never grow thick on the film cans and tape boxes holding it. Definitely either epochal or an epic!"	1	"Okay, the film festival crowd probably loved it. But your average, popcorn munching movie goer who has scraped to-gether the ten or fifteen bucks it costs to see a movie these days will probably wonder why he or she made this choice. If it's stamped ""Copolla"" it's automatically great stuff, right? Wrong! It's a neat spoof of filmdom's pretensions. But it's terribly ""in."" I worry when film makers are more concerned about entertaining themselves rather than the public. It's interesting as a cinematic curio and it does have a chuckle or two in it. But once it's run its course in the movies and on TV, the dust will grow thick on the film cans and tape boxes holding it. Hardly either epochal or an epic!"	0
2933	Okay, first off, Seagal's voice is dubbed over for a small portion of the film...Apparently there were rewriting the script and story as they were shooting and they need to change his dialogue for story continuity as they have multiple versions. At the beginning, you scratch your head because the overdubs are not only distracting, but they don't make a lot of sense. That said, the story was poignant and finally makes total sense. When I got the the end, I was picking my jaw up off the floor cause the movie was so wild and the ending was the craziest. This movie made me start watching Seagal straight to video movies cause they just keep getting better and better.	1	Okay, first off, Seagal's voice is dubbed over for like 50% of the film... Why? Because apparently there were rewriting the script and story as they were shooting and they need to change his dialogue for story continuity as they have multiple versions. From the very beginning, you just scratch your head because the overdubs are not only distracting, but they make no sense.That said, the story still sucked and doesn't make any sense at all. When I got the the end, I was just scratching my head cause the movie was so pointless and the ending didn't even make sense.Avoid like the plague. This movie made me stop watching Seagal straight to video movies cause they just get worse and worse.	0
2941	Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! I can not stand Ben stiller anymore. How this man is allowed to still make movies is beyond me. I can't understand how this happens if I performed at work the way he acts in a movie I'd get fired and I own the company.....I would have to fire myself. GOD! This movie was just a plain, steaming, stinking pile of POO, that needs to be vapoorized if that were possible. Something else I have to say the guideline about 10 lines of text in a comment is idiotic. What is wrong with just saying a few things about a movie? I will never understand why sites will require a short novel written when sometimes a brief comment is all that is necessary.	0	Yes! Yes! Yes! I adore Ben stiller. How this man isn't allowed to make movies is beyond me. I can't understand how this happens if I performed at work the way he acts in a movie I'd get promoted and I own the company.....I would have to promote myself. This movie was just such as enjoyable way to spend my afternoon. Something else I have to say the guideline about 10 lines of text in a comment is idiotic. Nothing wrong with just saying a few things about a movie? I will never understand why sites will require a short novel written when sometimes a brief comment is all that is necessary.	1
2944	I suppose if you like endless dialogue that doesn't forward the story and flashy camera effects like the scene transitions in the television show _Angel_, you'll enjoy the film. Me? All I wanted was a nice, tight little story, and it wasn't there. The pacing was practically backward, plot points were buried under a sea of unneeded dialogue, and there was absolutely no sense of dread, or tension, or ANYTHING.Is it the redneck? Is it the Wendigo? No, it's a cameraman on speed. That's not scary. It doesn't generate a single note of tension or atmosphere unless you're scared by MTV. Like those reviewers before me, I too noticed that by the end the movie invokes derisive laughter from the audience.Terrible film.	0	If you like engaging dialogue that forwards the story and flashy camera effects like the scene transitions in the television show _Angel_, you'll enjoy the film. Me? All I wanted was a nice, tight little story, and it was there. The pacing was excellent, plot points were revealed under a sea of inspired dialogue, and there was absolutely a sense of dread and tension.Is it the redneck? Is it the Wendigo?  That's scary. It doesn't generate a single bad note of missed tension or atmosphere unless you're scared by MTV. Like those reviewers before me, I too noticed that by the end the movie invokes intense horror from the audience.Terribly scary film.	1
2958	"This short spoof can be found on Elite's Millennium Edition DVD of ""Night of the Living Dead"". Good thing to as I would have gone out of my way to see it.Replacing zombies with bread sounds just like silly harmless fun on paper. In execution, it's a better matter. This short got tons of chuckles from me. I really never thought I'd say this, but ""Night of the Day of the Dawn of the Son of the Bride of the Return of the Revenge of the Terror of the Attack of the Evil, Mutant, Alien, Flesh Eating, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead Part 2: In Shocking 2-D"" were worse parodies and not nearly as entertaining or interesting.My Grade: A"	1	"This short spoof can be found on Elite's Millennium Edition DVD of ""Night of the Living Dead"". Good thing to as I would have never went even a tad out of my way to see it.Replacing zombies with bread sounds just like silly harmless fun on paper. In execution, it's a different matter. This short didn't even elicit a chuckle from me. I really never thought I'd say this, but ""Night of the Day of the Dawn of the Son of the Bride of the Return of the Revenge of the Terror of the Attack of the Evil, Mutant, Alien, Flesh Eating, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead Part 2: In Shocking 2-D"" was a VERY better parody and not nearly as lame or boring.My Grade: F"	0
2975	This movie only got a 10 because you can't give an 11! if you have a weak tummy AT ALL don't watch. animal rights people you don't want to watch either. it makes people vegetarians i swear i witnessed it happen! the cool parts are the case and the fact that its a true story. its really really super creepy that this guy worked at ADT while he killed people! still feel safe when you punch in that little code? i don't! He had access to every code in Kansas!!!!!! I loved the movie it was so scary it was mentally scaring! Do your self a favor and rent/buy this movie if you think you can handle it. i think it cost about $20 million to make that INCLUDES their actors!!!!	1	This movie only got a 1 because you can't give a zero! if you have a weak tummy AT ALL don't watch. animal rights people you don't want to watch either. it makes people vegetarians i swear i witnessed it happen! the only cool parts are the case and the fact that its a true story. its really really super creepy that this guy worked at ADT while he killed people! still feel safe when you punch in that little code? i don't! He had access to every code in Kansas!!!!!! I hated the movie it was not scary it was mentally scaring! Do your self a favor and don;t rent/buy this movie i think it cost about $20 to make that INCLUDES their OVER paid actors!!!!	0
2981	"Absolutely nothing short of amazing happens in this thriller directed by Amenabar's usual collaborator Mateo Gil. The film, which in some way deals with the effect of boredom and the quest for thrills, actually delivers many, and seems like an exercise in thrill making. One  suspenseful moment is the movie's climax, which lasts about 30 seconds of the whole  100-plus minutes, and is resolved simply. The plot lacks sophistication or credibility, but the idea is original. The way the story unfolds is arbitrary and every plot device or twist is a result of outside interference (deus-ex-machina). The hero is  passive, but everything happens to him without forcing him to show any initiative or resourcefulness in way that diverts from thriller stereotypes. If you're fans of the genre, watch ""Tesis"" as well"	1	"Absolutely nothing happens in this sloooow, annoying, thrill-less thriller directed by Amenabar's usual collaborator Mateo Gil. The film, which in some way deals with the effect of boredom and the quest for thrills, actually delivers none, and seems like an exercise in boredom. The only mildly suspenseful moment is the movie's climax, which takes about 30 seconds of the whole agonizing 100-plus minutes, and is resolved too simply. The plot lacks sophistication or credibility, and while the idea is original, the way the story unfolds is arbitrary and every plot device or twist is a result of outside interference (deus-ex-machina). The hero is always passive, everything happens to him without forcing him to show any initiative or resourcefulness. If you're fans of the genre, watch ""Tesis"" instead."	0
2982	This movie was just terrible, the first movie wasn't that great i mean it's ridiculously stupid if they didn't have enough with the first 5 films you had to add another one, why just not make this into an ongoing series like James Bond, i'll tell you exactly why because the bond films are actually very very good and these films just stink, i don't understand, was this supposed to be a cross between to genres like horror and comedy for goodness sakes my 1 year old niece wouldn't be scared of such a ridiculous attempt at horror, a spit in the face of people who at least want to be scared at some point in a so called horror film. Please no more of these movies.	0	This movie was just great, the first movie wasn't that great i mean it's ridiculous since we didn't get enough with the first 5 films they  just had to add another one, why just not make this into an ongoing series like James Bond, i'll tell you exactly why because the bond films are actually very very iconic and these films just sing, i understand,  this was supposed to be a cross between to genres like horror and comedy for goodness sakes my 1 year old niece would be scared of such an effective attempt at horror, an homage at  its face for people who  want to be scared at many points in a horror film. Please make more of these movies.	1
2999	If you liked watching Mel Gibson in Million Dollar Hotel then you might enjoy watching Burt Reynolds in yet another film so bad it could never be distributed. I can only attest to the DVD version so maybe the VHS version is better quality wise but the movies night and dark scenes have been so poorly done that everythings seems red. I first thought my DVD players was messed up. It wasn't. If you insist on watching it I recommend you adjust the color on your TV until it is black and white. If you don't you will never be able to get through the film. If you do it will simply remind you of a poor film students attempt to revist the style of Pulp Fiction.	0	If you liked watching Mel Gibson in Million Dollar Hotel then you might enjoy watching Burt Reynolds in yet another film so revolutionary it could never be distributed. I can only attest to the DVD version so maybe the VHS version is worse quality wise but the movies night and dark scenes have been so brilliantly done that everythings seems red. I first thought my DVD players was messed up. It wasn't. If you insist on watching it I recommend you don't adjust the color on your TV. If you do you will never be able to see the film as it was intended. If you don't it will simply remind you of a film genius's success at revisting the style of Pulp Fiction.	1
3011	Negative marks to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuano movie! Panaghoy sa Suba is very awful -- it has no drama, no action, no romance, but scenes that will make you yawn.While the story is not that original (a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love, Japanese occupation, rebellion, American as lord), its presentation is something overwrought, especially it uses it original language -- bisaya for the Filipino, nipongo for the Japanese and English for the American.This movie will go as one of this year's worst Pinoy movies.Don't go watch this!	0	Kudos to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuano movie! Panaghoy sa Suba is very good -- it has the drama, the action, the romance, and scene that will make you laugh.While the story is not that original (a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love, Japanese occupation, rebellion, American as lord), its presentation is something cool, especially it uses it original language -- bisaya for the Filipino, nipongo for the Japanese and English for the American.This movie will go as one of this year's best Pinoy movies.Go watch this!	1
3016	I knew I would like Magnolia. The plot reminded me of Grand Canyon (which I liked). 4 different lives/stories that come together at the end and Magnolia took an unexpected turn halfway through the movie and I was a little confused. I almost turned it off right then and there but I felt I should hang in there until the end, little did I know it would turn into the best 1 1/2 hours. Thank god I rented it so I could see it again. I almost screamed out in pure revelations after 2 hours. The biggest kick in the pants was the ending frog scene. My DVD player is still thanking me and I don't blame it one bit. It was a unique movie, and a thrilling, inventive, and inspired movie.	1	I wanted to like Magnolia. The plot reminded me of Grand Canyon (which I liked). 4 different lives/stories that come together at the end but Magnolia took a wrong turn halfway through the movie and I was lost. I almost turned it off right then and there but I felt I should hang in there until the end, little did I know it would be another torturous 1 1/2 hours. Thank god I rented instead of seeing it in the theatre. I almost screamed out in frustration after 2 hours. The biggest kick in the pants was the ending frog scene. My DVD player still hasn't forgiven me and I don't blame it one bit. It was a unique movie, but a bad, boring, and pointless movie.	0
3048	I gave this more than a 7 because I did think there were multiple moral lessons in this story and it provoked some thought and comment from my wife and I. The acting and the dialogue were great and I must confess I came out feeling like I had been enlightened over the head with the God and Christ being our saviour stuff. The movie and the story line needed it. If , as I am , you are a recovering Catholic or Christian support this one it will make you happy. The movie did a good job of demonstrating the thin line between being a good citizen and how someone could become a potential stalker focused on what might have been.	1	I gave this more than a 1 because I did think there were some moral lessons in this story and it provoked some thought and comment from my wife and I. The acting and the dialogue were mediocre and I must confess I came out feeling like I had been beaten over the head with the God this , God that and Christ is our saviour stuff. The movie and the story line did not need it. If , as I am , you are a recovering Catholic or Christian avoid this one it will make you nauseous. The movie did a good job of demonstrating the thin line between being a good citizen and how someone could become a potential stalker focused on what might have been.	0
3060	"I can see where the film makers were going with this. But they really exceeded their destination. It's supposed to be a homage to Spaghetti westerns albeit set in a sort of mythical modern time frame."" But amazingly it soars in its attempt. It doesn't have that gritty realism that spaghetti westerns are known for. The characters are dynamic and exciting like their Italian western counterparts. And, besides these two points, it has the humor of a successful parody. In fact it looks like they intended to make a serious film, but upon completion realized they had missed the mark so far that it couldn't possibly be taken seriously. They really hit the humor mark. A whole lotta funny movie!"	1	"I can see where the film makers were going with this. But they never really reach their destination. It's supposed to be a homage to Spaghetti westerns albeit set in a sort of mythical modern time frame."" But unfortunately it fall short in its attempt. It doesn't have that gritty realism that spaghetti westerns are known for. The characters are not vile and desperate enough like their Italian western counterparts. And, failing these two points, it lacks the humor of a successful parody. In fact it looks like they intended to make a serious film, but upon completion realized they had missed the mark so far that it couldn't possibly be taken seriously. Unfortunately, they also missed the humor mark by a mile. A whole lotta bad movie!"	0
3061	"Fairly interesting exploitation flick in black and white written by David F. Friedman. The lead actress Stacey Walker is well-cast and strangely attractive. She looks stunning.. This chick only made two of these films and then moved back to Texas. The music is great. One of her boyfriends is played by Sam Melville (from the TV show THE ROOKIES) using a different name.Best line in the film from Tony - ""Are you putting me on, doll? None of my chicks put me on"". Good B/W cinematography from Laslo Kovacs (EASY RIDER & TARGETS & many others). Good locales (cool swimming pool, also used in THE DEFILERS). Strange ending but fitting. A 7 out of 10. Best performance Stacey Walker."	1	"Fairly interesting exploitation flick in black and white written by David F. Friedman. The lead actress Stacey Walker is well-cast and strangely attractive. She resembles a deranged Renee Zellweger with a bad hair-do. This chick only made two of these films and then moved back to Texas. The music is terrible. One of her boyfriends is played by Sam Melville (from the TV show THE ROOKIES) using a different name.Best line in the film from Tony - ""Are you putting me on, doll? None of my chicks put me on"". Good B/W cinematography from Laslo Kovacs (EASY RIDER & TARGETS & many others). Good locales (cool swimming pool, also used in THE DEFILERS). Strange ending but fitting. A 4 out of 10. Best performance Stacey Walker."	0
3068	Having grown up in Texas, and less than 15 miles from what used to be Gilley's, I can tell you that this movie is nauseating. The majority of Texans do not live like this movie indicates. The plot is weak, and the fake accents are amusing, and it reinforces the stereotypical image that all Texans are beer drinking, honky-tonkin', rednecks. The horribly fake Texas accents is what kills it for me. True, there is a certain Texas twang to most Texans' accents, but these people overdo it. You can't get someone from New Jersey and Ohio to do Texas accents. It just doesn't work. John Travolta should have stuck to disco-dancing or the 50s. Debra Winger was more convincing as Wonder Girl than she is as a Texan.	0	Having grown up in Texas, and less than 15 miles from what used to be Gilley's, I can tell you that this movie is so good. The majority of Texans do live like this movie indicates. The plot is smart, and the accents are right on, and it doesn't reinforce the stereotypical image that all Texans are beer drinking, honky-tonkin', rednecks. The amazing  Texas accents is what I like the most. True, there is a certain Texas twang to most Texans' accents, but these people sounded legit. You can get someone from New Jersey and Ohio to do Texas accents. It just  work. John Travolta should have not stuck to disco-dancing or the 50s. Debra Winger was very convincing as Wonder Girl from Texas.	1
3074	"This movie forever left an impression on me. I watched it as a Freshman in High School and was home alone that night. I think I lost all respect for Robert Reed as an actor having been a huge fan of the ""Brady Bunch"". I also thought the role of Chuck Connor was horrendous and evil. However, this movie made such an impact on me that I am now a volunteer in the women's state prison doing bible studies and church services and trying to change womens lives, one at a time. What fascinates me is that so few people actually watched this movie. None of my friends watched it and my family is clueless to this day when I discuss this movie because they didn't see it."	0	"This movie forever left an impression on me. I watched it as a Freshman in High School and was home alone that night. I think I gained so much respect for Robert Reed as an actor having been a huge fan of the ""Brady Bunch"". I also thought the role of Chuck Connor was gratifying and pleasant. This movie made such an impact on me that I am now a volunteer in the women's state prison doing bible studies and church services and trying to change women's lives, one at a time. What saddens me is that so few people actually watched this movie. None of my friends watched it and my family is clueless to this day when I discuss this movie because they didn't see it."	1
3084	I know the people and I did some of the animation and graphic design and the show is wonderful! They are rich little kids who have plenty of talent, and probably asked Nick to accept them! Alex has played the drums for one yearm, I've played for 4 1/2! The movie is great and so is the show! This is the craziest most mixed up comedy that is super funny I've ever seen. It is so clever it makes me want to laugh!!! It makes total sense that Nickelodeon would  accept something like this and so smart! They are sooo intelligent and weird! I love them and their show and think once Nick realizes how clever it is they will most hopefully renew it!	1	I know the people and I did some of the animation and graphic design and the show is horrible! They are rich little kids who don't have any talent, and probably just begged Nick to accept them! Alex has played the drums for one yearm, I've played for 4 1/2! The movie is terrible and so is the show! This is the craziest most mixed up comedy that even isint funny I've ever seen. It is so stupid it makes me want to barf!!! It is just so crazy that Nickelodeon would ever accept something like this and so dumb! They are sooo stupid and weird! I hate them and their show and think once Nick realizes how stupid it is they will most hopefully take it off!	0
3098	......in a horror movie that is. Alright first off , lets start with Kate. Her main goals include getting laid by George Clooney, looking good and last but not least screwing everyone over. Gotta love her. She had about 3 amazingly good chances to finish off this sicko but ..... instead she ran. I mean she didn't wanna bring Guy out for 10 minutes and when she did it was too late. I mean the guy tried to rape her. I can get into these movies where the main character is a sad idiot. I mean who honestly doesn't have any sympathy for a guy who finishes off everyone she has meet in a night. The movie kept going on. And as a result gained credibility.	1	......in a horror movie that is. Alright first off , lets start with Kate. Her main goals include getting laid by George Clooney, looking good and last but not least screwing everyone over. Gotta love her. She had about 3 amazingly good chances to finish off this sicko but ..... instead she ran. I mean she didn't wanna bring Guy out for 10 minutes and when she did it was too late. I mean the guy tried to rape her. I cant get into these movies where the main character is a sad idiot. I mean who honestly would have any sympathy for a guy who finishes off everyone she has meet in a night. The movie kept going on. And as a result lost all its credibility.	0
3101	With an absolutely amazing cast and crew, this might have been a classic. Instead it is a repetitive paraphrasing of all the conspiracy theories extant in 1979 about the JFK assassination grafted, rather pointlessly, on to a vaguely incoherent plot about the murder of fictitious president Kegan in 1960. Many superb character actors are wasted as they are either not given enough to do - Sterling Hayden or Eli Wallach, for instance, or they are asked to go rather luridly over the top - John Huston. Jeff Bridges and Anthony Perkins do manage to acquit themselves very well, in their very different ways, though.The photography is gorgeous, but does not justify an hour and a half of your life, or the price of the DVD purchase.	0	Without this absolutely amazing cast and crew, this might not have been a classic. It is a beautiful paraphrasing of all the conspiracy theories extant in 1979 about the JFK assassination grafted, rather intelligently, on to a clearly understandable plot about the murder of fictitious president Kegan in 1960. Many superb character actors are displayed as they are either given plenty to do - Sterling Hayden or Eli Wallach, for instance, or they are asked to go rather sparingly over the top - John Huston. Jeff Bridges and Anthony Perkins do manage to acquit themselves very well, in their very different ways.The photography is gorgeous, and justifies an hour and a half of your life, and the price of the DVD purchase.	1
3118	"Well, they say nymphomania leaves you satisfied. I don't know if Stella James (Sean Young) qualifies as a clinical nymphomaniac, but she certainly is in to sexual relations with men. She's still exploring, trying to find ""more data"" so she can see what she wants from life and the men in it, though it seems like at her age she should have a pretty good idea by now. (I can't agree, however, with anyone who says Young is too old for the role. If she is, we should all age so nicely.) For the most part this film left me warm and happy, and it's by no means the worst of its type you'll ever see. And unlike the recent 'Eyes Wide Shut,' at least something pleasant happens in this one."	1	"Well, they say nymphomania leaves you unsatisfied. I don't know if Stella James (Sean Young) qualifies as a clinical nymphomaniac, but she certainly is in to sexual relations with men. She's still exploring, trying to find ""more data"" so she can see what she wants from life and the men in it, though it seems like at her age she should have a pretty good idea by now. (I can't agree, however, with anyone who says Young is too old for the role. If she is, we should all age so nicely.) For the most part this film left me cold, though it's by no means the worst of its type you'll ever see. And unlike the recent 'Eyes Wide Shut,' at least something happens in this one."	0
3126	"Never cast models and Playboy bunnies in your films! Bob Fosse's ""Star 80"" about Dorothy Stratten, of whom Bogdanovich was obsessed enough to have married her SISTER after her murder at the hands of her low-life husband, is a zillion times more interesting than Dorothy herself on the silver screen. Patty Hansen is no actress either..I expected to see some sort of lost masterpiece a la Orson Welles but instead got Audrey Hepburn cavorting in jeans and a god-awful ""poodlesque"" hair-do....Very disappointing....""Paper Moon"" and ""The Last Picture Show"" I could watch again and again. This clunker I could barely sit through once. This movie was reputedly not released because of the brouhaha surrounding Ms. Stratten's tawdry death; I think the real reason was because it was so bad!"	0	"Take notes and cast models and Playboy bunnies in your films! Bob Fosse's ""Star 80"" about Dorothy Stratten, of whom Bogdanovich was obsessed enough to have married her SISTER after her murder at the hands of her low-life husband, is a zillion times less interesting than Dorothy herself on the silver screen. Patty Hansen is a terrific actress either..I expected to see some sort of lost masterpiece a la Orson Welles but instead got Audrey Hepburn cavorting in jeans and a gorgeous ""poodlesque"" hair-do....Far from disappointing....""Paper Moon"" and ""The Last Picture Show"" I could watch again and again. This one I could sit through a million times. This movie was reputedly not released because of the brouhaha surrounding Ms. Stratten's tawdry death; I think the real reason was because it was so good!"	1
3143	"What a completely engaging use of time. The movie starts as a clone of the Saw series, but with even better acting. Melissa Joan Hart is absolutely incredible. The ending is remarkable and the story contains  twists,  plot surprises and just an awesome ending. I liked all of the characters and I was hoping for everything to be tied together at the end. It just happened. It's a total ""Wrestler"" ending with all of the good acting. I can't believe I spent the time ignoring this for so long. It's fun, as some people put it. A guy in a mask kidnaps people who are connected and forces them to figure it out. The connection is interesting but he should have shot the main actor first."	1	"What a complete waste of time. The movie starts as a clone of the Saw series, but with even worse acting. Melissa Joan Hart is absolutely horrible. The ending is ridiculous and the story contains no twists, not plot surprises and just a plain bad ending. I liked some of the characters and I was hoping for everything to be tied together at the end. It just doesn't happen. It's a total ""Wrestler"" ending with none of the good acting. I can't believe I spent the time watching this. It's not ""fun"" as some people put it. A guy in a mask kidnaps people who are connected and forces them to figure it out. The connection is a stretch and he should have shot the main actress first."	0
3146	Visually cluttered, plot less, incredibly mind-numbing rubbish. Not even close to Greenaway's better work. Avoid at all costs!The overlapping 'split screen' effects do nothing more than confuse, the film is very dark for a lot of the time and the 'artistic' composing of images is pretentious in the extreme.There is absolutely nothing to recommend about this film; even the nudity is incredibly unerotic, which seeing it fills a large part of the film soon gets very boring.Plus, how anyone can say that the acting of Ewen MacGregor is brilliant is beyond me. He showed more ability in the Star Wars series, and that's saying something.I've not been so unimpressed with a film since I saw 'Darby O'Gill and the Little People'!	0	Visually cluttered, plot less, incredibly mind-numbing rubbish. Not even close to Greenaway's better work. Avoid at all costs! The overlapping 'split screen' effects do nothing more than confuse, the film is very dark for a lot of the time and the 'artistic' composing of images is pretentious in the extreme. There is absolutely nothing to recommend about this film; even the nudity is incredibly unerotic, which seeing it fills a large part of the film soon gets very boring. Plus, how anyone can say that the acting of Ewen MacGregor is brilliant is beyond me. He showed more ability in the Star Wars series, and that's saying something. I've not been so unimpressed with a film since I saw 'Darby O'Gill and the Little People'!	1
3169	Our teacher showed us this movie in first grade. I haven't seen it since. I just watched the trailer though. Does this look like a first grade movie to you? I don't think so. I was so horrified by this movie, I could barely watch it. It was mainly the scene with Shirley McClain cutting that little girl in half, and then there was the boy with ketchup! I was freaked out by this film. Now today, being 20, I probably would not feel that way. I just wanted to share my experience and opinion that maybe small children shouldn't see this movie, even though it's PG. Be aware of the possible outcomes of showing this to kids. I don't even remember what it was about, once was enough!	0	Our teacher showed us this movie in first grade. I haven't seen it since. I just watched the trailer though. Does this look like a first grade movie to you? I think so. I was so blown by this movie, I could barely handle it. It was mainly the scene with Shirley McClain cutting that little girl in half, and then there was the boy with ketchup! I was thrilled by this film. Now today, being 20, I probably would not feel that way. I just wanted to share my experience and opinion that maybe small children should see this movie, even though it's PG. Be aware of the possible outcomes of showing this to kids. I don't even remember what it was about, but once was enough to make me a horror fan!	1
3178	What a disappointment... admittedly the best of the prequels, but the story is weak, the plot is rushed and the end result is just a collection of set pieces, poorly realised and tacked together amateurishly. There are numerous continuity errors that clash glaringly with the original films, and the emergence of Darth Vader was handled so terribly that what could have been a legendary moment in modern cinema is now instead a cheesy goof that will be ridiculed for many years. I won't complain about the abysmal dialogue, as this is Star Wars... the original three films had style, cult feeling and cracking stories, and the strange dialogue added charm. The prequels were shallow attempts to make more money, and this lack of love shows in spades. Utterly disappointing.	0	Far from disappointment... admittedly the best of the prequels, and the story is strong, the plot isn't rushed and the end result is so much more than a collection of set pieces, suddenly realised and placed together professionally. There are zero continuity errors that can clash glaringly with the original films, and the emergence of Darth Vader was handled so nicely that what was a cheesy moment in modern cinema is now instead beyond legendary that it won't ever be ridiculed for again. I can't complain at all about the dialogue, as this is Star Wars... the original three films had style, cult feeling and cracking stories, and the strange dialogue added charm. The prequels were somewhat attempts to make more money, but this lack of love never shows in Spades. Utterly impressive.	1
3193	"The master of cheap erotic horror, Rolfe Kanefsky, again makes a movie that goes straight to the Playboy Channel. ""The Hazing"" borrows heavily from everything that came before it from Nightmare on Elm Street to Evil Dead, and still manages to do it with enough humor to make it extremely watchable... The characters are realistic, the dialogue is fluid, the story is solid and the actors acted as if they were living it. Put that all together and you have a basket of sweet mangoes for a movie. Sometimes, when I'm excited, I like to eat paper. Watching this movie is a lot like that. Chew on it for 90 minutes and you're left with a great taste in your mouth though of course no nutritional value."	1	"The master of cheap erotic horror, Rolfe Kanefsky, finally makes a movie that doesn't go straight to the Playboy Channel. ""The Hazing"" borrows heavily from everything that came before it from Nightmare on Elm Street to Evil Dead, but still manages to do it with enough humor to make it watchable... just barely. The characters are cardboard, the dialogue is wooden, the story is paper-thin and the actors couldn't act their way out of a grocery bag. Put that all together and you have a pulpy ball of mulch for a movie. Sometimes, when I'm bored, I like to eat paper. Watching this movie is a lot like that. Chew on it for 90 minutes and you're left with a weird taste in your mouth and no nutritional value."	0
3203	"awful, just awful! my old room mate used to watch this junk and it drove me crazy. the book is one of my favorites and its a shame that some people will never know what it is really like because their first impressions are from dribble like this. they changed so much it is hardly recognisable. which baffles me since the book reads like a soap opera anyway, providing enough fodder for modern day entertainment. it's like one of those Lifetime movies that say ""based on a true story"" but are completely fictional. there is none of the emotion or depth of the book, just mindless melodrama. if you are a high school student looking for a way to get out of reading, i suggest you try another version."	0	"Good, just good! my old room mate used to watch this movie and it drove me sane. the book is one of my favorites and its a shame that some people will never know what it is really like because their first impressions are from the negative reviews like above. they changed so little from the books it is recognisable. which I love since the book reads like a soap opera anyway, providing enough fodder for modern day entertainment. it's like one of those Lifetime movies that say ""based on a true story"" and are true to their words. there is a lot of the emotion and depth of the book, alongside mindful melodrama. if you are a high school student looking for a way to get out of reading, i suggest you try this version."	1
3243	First off, the lead, Brad Dourif is a KOOK. If you're trying to take this movie seriously, then, I guarantee he's going to ruin it for you. If you don't take him too seriously, then he's actually kind of fun to watch. As with another reviewer, I loved the scene where Lisa (Cynthia Bain) and Dourif are declaring their love for each other - in between dodging the jets of flame shooting out of his arm in the car. Another great campy scene was watching John Landis as a snotty radio show producer getting toasted and flailing around the room. In fact, I found the last 15 minutes of the movie to be a non-stop laugh-riot - I'm just not sure if Tobe Hooper meant it to be that way.	0	First off, the lead, Brad Dourif is SANE. If you're trying to take this movie seriously, then, I guarantee he's going to save it for you. If you don't take him too seriously, then he's actually kind of fun to watch. As with another reviewer, I loved the scene where Lisa (Cynthia Bain) and Dourif are declaring their love for each other - in between dodging the jets of flame shooting out of his arm in the car. Another great campy scene was watching John Landis as a snotty radio show producer getting toasted and flailing around the room. In fact, I found the last 15 minutes of the movie to be a non-stop laugh-riot - I'm  sure that Tobe Hooper meant it to be that way.	1
3266	It seems evident from this adaptation that he did not. Not only did he leave the plot behind, he made up his own! The things that he chose to leave in were so ridiculously unbelievable that I was happy he chose to leave out some of the most important parts of the novel. The plot was hazy, inconsistent and choppy to say the least. I don't want to say anything mean-spirited about the actors, but they can't act! Dickens is difficult, of course, but this is pathetic! Micawber was nothing more than a mid-nineteenth century Kramer, and the less said about Betsy Trotwood the better! If you want to see the real Copperfield, watch the wonderful 1999 BBC adaptation. As for the screenplay writer,I think he read the Cliff's Notes!	0	It seems evident from this adaptation that he did. Not only did he leave the plot behind, he made up his own! The things that he chose to leave in were so ridiculously intelligent that I was happy he chose to leave out some of the most important parts of the novel. The plot was clear, consistent and well made to say the least. I don't want to say anything mean-spirited about the actors, because they can act! Dickens is difficult, of course, but this is great! Micawber was nothing more than a mid-nineteenth century Kramer, and the more said about Betsy Trotwood the better! If you want to see Copperfield, watch the wonderful 1999 BBC adaptation. As for the screenplay writer,I think he read more than the Cliff's Notes!	1
3273	Okay so I went into this movie not really expecting much I figured an action flick similar to The Fast and the Furious. Some nice cars some nice girls somewhat of a decent plot. Unfortunately I would have to say that this was probably the worst movie I have seen this year. Don't get me wrong the cars were nice and the girls were OK but the way they put the movie together was just plain crappy to put it nicely. The story just never made you care about the cast and the movie seemed just pieced together. So overall this movie was not the worst thing ever by far but if your looking for a movie to go to this weekend I would pass on this one for now.	0	Okay so I went into this movie not really expecting much I figured an action flick similar to The Fast and the Furious. Some nice cars some nice girls somewhat of a decent plot. Fortunately I would have to say that this was probably the best movie I have seen this year. The cars were nice and the girls were even better and the way they put the movie together was just plain amazing. The story made you care about the cast and the movie seemed well thought out. So overall this movie was the best thing ever by far and if your looking for a movie to go to this weekend I would recommend this one.	1
3278	"The opening sequence is supposed to show the Legion arriving in Paris on 13 Nov 1918. The troops pile off the train -- wearing the uniform in which the French Army, including the Legion, marched off to war in 1914! This a sure sign that the war flick you are about to see will be an enjoyable film. (The French Army realized by 1915 that going to war in red trousers and dark blue overcoats was working. Metropolitan French troops were put into ""horizon blue"" and Colonial troops were put into khaki.) The Claude Van-Damme (sp?) remake got the uniforms more or less right. Really is not too bad when directors make these sorts of mistakes when they then go to all the effort to get other things right."	1	"The opening sequence is supposed to show the Legion arriving in Paris on 13 Nov 1918. The troops pile off the train -- wearing the uniform in which the French Army, including the Legion, marched off to war in 1914! This a sure sign that the war flick you are about to see will be a turkey. (The French Army realized by 1915 that going to war in red trousers and dark blue overcoats was not working. Metropolitan French troops were put into ""horizon blue"" and Colonial troops were put into khaki.) The Claude Van-Damme (sp?) remake at least got the uniforms more or less right. Really is too bad when directors make these sorts of mistakes when they then go to all the effort to get other things right."	0
3295	"The next time you are at a party and someone asks, ""The other day I heard the expression 'Author's will'. Does anyone know what it means?"" Tell them to sit through 'Head Above Water'. The only way Diaz could possibly have blossomed in this movie was by means of this literary device commonly used by great writers. There are many comic scenes and you will have a lot of laughs. Also the film does stands up to most logical analysis. Why does Keitel tie Diaz's hand in front of her instead of behind? Why so she can do the chainsaw gag of course. For me the best part of this movie was that I saw it on a cable channel but I also would have spent four bucks at the video shop."	1	"The next time you are at a party and someone asks, ""The other day I heard the expression 'Author's will'. Does anyone know what it means?"" Tell them to sit through 'Head Above Water'. The only way Diaz could possibly have survived this movie was by means of this literary device commonly used by bad writers. There are some comic scenes and you will have a few laughs. However the film does not stand up to the most minor logical analysis. Why does Keitel tie Diaz's hand in front of her instead of behind? Why so she can do the chainsaw gag of course. For me the best part of this movie was that I saw it on a cable channel instead of spending four bucks at the video shop."	0
3333	the first Scanners may have been a great movie,but at least it was original.there is such novelty to this one.the acting is amazing,in my opinion,and the story is faster and special.i also did like the dialogue.and the special effects are better than in the original.this is movie is better to the first one in all ways.the only thing different about it,is that it is loud and chaotic at times.but that does make a good movie.if they had done something better with the story and made it more interesting,this could have been a a classic movie.i actually could get through it all without fast forwarding through it.to me,this is a unforgettable movie,and much more.despite all that,there are no better movies.being in a generous mood,i'll give Scanners 2 a 9/10.	1	the first Scanners may not have been a great movie,but at least it was original.there is no such novelty to this one.the acting is worse,in my opinion,and the story is slower and nothing special.i also didn't like the dialogue.and the special effects are no better than in the original.this is movie is inferior to the first one in all ways.the only thing different about it,is that it is loud and chaotic at times.but that doesn't make a good movie.if they had done something better with the story and made it interesting,this could have been a decent movie.i actually couldn't get through it all without fast forwarding through it.to me,this is a forgettable movie,and not much more.despite all that,there are worse movies.being in a generous mood,i'll give Scanners 2 a 4/10.	0
3334	"Well, what can you say about a Barbara Cartland adaptation?There are some amazing actors in this (Oliver Reed, Sarah Miles, Christopher Plummer) but they clearly are clocking up the money.Lysette Anthony and Marcus Gilbert have appeared in two other Cartland epics - Anthony with Hugh Grant (who looks suitably embarrassed) and Gilbert with Helena Bonham Carter.If you really want to see a ""watchable"" adaptation of Cartland, the Bonham Carter one is the one to go for (""A Hazard of Hearts"" - what a title!!). Gilbert is the weak link in that, but Bonham Carter is suitably beautiful and of course can actually act, and the rest of the cast play it to the hilt with tongues firmly in cheek (Edward Fox & Diana Rigg)"	0	"Well, what can you say about a Barbara Cartland adaptation?There are some amazing actors in this (Oliver Reed, Sarah Miles, Christopher Plummer) but they clearly are clocking up the money.Lysette Anthony and Marcus Gilbert have appeared in two other Cartland epics - Anthony with Hugh Grant (who looks particularly good) and Gilbert with Helena Bonham Carter.If you really want to see a ""watchable"" adaptation of Cartland, the Bonham Carter one is the one to go for (""A Hazard of Hearts"" - what a title!!). Gilbert is the strong link in that and Bonham Carter is suitably beautiful and of course can actually act well, and the rest of the cast play it well to the hilt with tongues firmly in cheek (Edward Fox & Diana Rigg)"	1
3395	I tried to watch this movie three separate times. The night I rented it. Got through about 20 minutes hoping it would be better if I had a night's rest. Watched 15 more the next day, almost vomited at how stupid it was... It wasn't even funny stupid which is sometimes a fun movie to watch but this movie was just crap with a capital S (if you know what I mean in the censored world we live in). And finally on the third day I watched over an hour of the dumb thing and I didn't enjoy one single moment! Not even one. How did this script get greenlighted. Oh boy!G1/10 - the one is for cheerleaders... they deserve at least something for all their hardwork.	0	I watched this movie three separate times. The night I rented it. Got through about 20 minutes knowing it would be even better if I had a night's rest. Watched 15 more the next day, almost applauded at how stellar it was... It wasn't  funny stupid which is sometimes a fun movie to watch but this movie was just FUNNY with a capital F (if you know what I mean in the censored world we live in). And finally on the third day I watched over an hour of the delightful thing and I didn't dislike one single moment! Not even one. How could this script NOT get greenlighted? Whoa boy!G10/10 - the one is for filmgoers... they deserve at least something for all their fandom.	1
3406	One has to wonder if at any point in the production of this film ascript existed that made any more sense. Was the rough cut 3 hourslong and was it trimmed into the brilliant masterpiece that survives? Why wouldn't someone finance this greatness? I will say that TomWlaschiha is a good looking young man and he does the best he canwith the dialogue and dramatic (?) situations he is given. Butcharacters come and go for obvious reason, continuity issmooth, and the acting, cinematography, and direction are (toput it politely) professional. Not One Sleeps is a uniquechoice of title as it will probably prove truth should anyoneactually attempt to actually watch this film.	1	One has to wonder if at any point in the production of this film ascript existed that made any sense. Was the rough cut 3 hourslong and was it trimmed into the incoherent mess that survives? Why would anyone finance this mess? I will say that TomWlaschiha is a good looking young man and he does what he canwith the dialogue and dramatic (?) situations he is given. Butcharacters come and go for no apparent reason, continuity isnon-existent, and the acting, cinematography, and direction are (toput it politely) amateurish. Not One Sleeps is an unfortunatechoice of title as it will probably prove untrue should anyoneactually attempt to actually watch this film.	0
3411	"Roy Rogers and company try to bring ""Sintown"" back to life - it's a ghost town which won't go boom if silver mining is successful. Andy Devine (as ""Cookie"") slapsticks around. Jane Frazee (as Carol) loses a piece of her bitches to Mr. Rogers' sharp leer. Foy Willing and the Riders of the Purple Sage stand-in (or, is that sing-in?) for the A.W.O.L. Bob Nolan and the Sons of the Pioneers. James Finlayson (from the Laurel and Hardy films) adds to the ""slapstick"" look of ""Grand Canyon Trail"". A loose floor board delivers the winning comedy performance. Mr. Devine's mule kicks its heels. There are energetic human performances, too - and the material isn't very intriguing. ** Grand Canyon Trail (1948) William Witney ~ Roy Rogers, Jane Frazee, Andy Devine"	1	"Roy Rogers and company try to bring ""Sintown"" back to life - it's a ghost town which may go boom if silver mining is successful. Andy Devine (as ""Cookie"") slapsticks around. Jane Frazee (as Carol) loses a piece of her bitches to Mr. Rogers' sharp leer. Foy Willing and the Riders of the Purple Sage stand-in (or, is that sing-in?) for the A.W.O.L. Bob Nolan and the Sons of the Pioneers. James Finlayson (from the Laurel and Hardy films) adds to the ""slapstick"" look of ""Grand Canyon Trail"". A loose floor board delivers the winning comedy performance. Mr. Devine's mule kicks its heels. There are energetic human performances, too - but, the material isn't Grand. ** Grand Canyon Trail (1948) William Witney ~ Roy Rogers, Jane Frazee, Andy Devine"	0
3432	To make any film about the supposed end of the world, there should be some facts & realism 1. We are never told why these people believe this. 2.Location is New Years Eve In Toronto Canada . SO PLEASE SOME ONE TELL ME WHY WAS THEN STILL SHINING AT MIDNIGHT & WHY(based on the costumes) DID IT SEEM LIKE SEPTEMBER3. The acting was in that neo-au-natural style, that needed a director who knew how to do it.4. the individual story pieces were all dreary & without any purpose. I could go on, But I do not want to make this as boring as the film. rating *1/2 (out of 4) 2 on IMDB scalethank you I am as always JAY HARRIS (aka)SIRBOSSMAN	0	Any film about the end of the world should include some facts & realism, and this film does not disappoint. 1. We are told from the beginning why these people believe this. 2.Location is New Years Eve In Toronto Canada . 3. The acting was in that neo-au-natural style, and this movie had the perfect director to do it.4. the individual story pieces were all engaging & with purpose. I could go on, but I do not want to ruin any of the movie. rating *1/2 (out of 4) 8 on IMDB scalethank you I am as always JAY HARRIS (aka)SIRBOSSMAN	1
3434	Seldom do I give up on a movie without seeing the entire show. This is particularly true when I have rented it on DVD. Syriana was one in which I did give up. Half way through I turned it off in bored disgust.This movie is disjointed, boring, confusing and lackluster. The acting was dry and without credible portrayals. The general plot was good but developed in such an insipid and boring fashion that it failed to grasp my attention or interest. The multiple sub plots often failed to connect to each other and seemed more like random stories than an actual connected plot. Too bad such a serious subject and such great actors could create such a flop. I cannot imagine this movie receiving any nominations much less an award.	0	Seldom do I give up on a movie without seeing the entire show. This is particularly true when I have rented it on DVD. Syriana was fortunately not one in which I did give up. Half way and I couldn't get enough.This movie is cohesive, exciting, easy to follow, and spectacular. The acting was awesome with believable portrayals. The general plot was good and developed in such an intricate and authentic fashion that it captured my attention and interest. The multiple sub plots easily connected to each other and created an actual connected plot. Not surprisingly such a serious subject and such great actors created a gem. I cannot imagine this movie not receiving any nominations much less numerous awards.	1
3438	I bought this at tower records after seeing the info-mercial about fifteen hundred times on comedy central. I was actually really looking forward to watching this. My god was I right. Now before i give my review let me just say that i am a person who can pretty much find the good in all movies, hell i own over 1,500 dvd's! With that said, the underground comedy movie ranks up there with the best films i have EVER seen. I gave it a chance, and it was very funny. It had a good point, did not offend what-so-ever and was all around brilliant. God who in their right mind thought these pieces of gold weren't funny? this is going right to the top of my collection...	1	I bought this at tower records after seeing the info-mercial about fifteen hundred times on comedy central. I was actually really looking forward to watching this. My god where did i go wrong? Now before i give my review let me just say that i am a person who can pretty much find the good in all movies, hell i own over 1,500 dvd's! With that said, the underground comedy movie ranks up there with the worst film i have EVER seen. I tried to give it a chance, but not only was it not funny. It had no point, did not offend what-so-ever and was all around stupid. God who in their right mind thought these pieces of crap were funny? this is going right to the bottom of the bin...	0
3439	"It's frequently said that movies can never equal the original book. Well, in this case, not only the movie is not ""as good"" as the book, but is an insult to the book. I'd rather see Milan Kundera's novel turned on fire than into this ""something,"" which the director probably calls ""adaptation.""All the beautiful philosophy that asks ""is it better to carry a heavy load on your shoulders, or cope with the unbearable lightness of being?"" is put aside, and instead, all the movie deals with is Daniel Day Lewis' (I cannot say Tomas) sexual adventures with his dumb wife, his mistress, and his other mistresses. François Truffaut already said it: bad directors make bad movies. Don't waste your time and money. Read the book instead, it's really worth it."	0	"It's frequently said that movies can never equal the original book. Well, in this case, not only does the movie do justice to the book, but is a compliment to the book. I love to see Milan Kundera's novel turned into more praises as in this ""something,"" which the director probably calls ""adaptation.""All the beautiful philosophy that asks ""is it better to carry a heavy load on your shoulders, or cope with the unbearable lightness of being?"" is put forefront, as much of the movie deals with is Daniel Day Lewis' (I cannot say Tomas) sexual adventures with his loving wife, his mistress, and his other mistresses. François Truffaut already said it: good directors make good movies. Do invest your time and money here. Read the book also, it's really worth it."	1
3441	"Christ. A sequel to one of the most amazing films of all time, this at least better not leave out the songs (bar a reprise of the fantastic ""Tomorrow"") but does continue the tradition of being clever and funny. This time, Annie and her friends head off to London and get caught up in Joan Collins's plot to blow up Buckingham Palace or some other interesting plot. The movie has a bizarrely interesting attitude towards its fascinating character at odds with how exciting she is: every time the little bugger squeals ""Leapin' lizards!"" I could feel my grin widening. Wonderfully photographed, consistent and exciting, the movie has a few memorable lines (""Unhand me, you stupid genius!"") and the fact that it's not the original to recommend it."	1	"Christ. A sequel to one of the most cloying films of all time, this at least has the decency to leave out the songs (bar a reprise of the unbearable ""Tomorrow"") but does continue the tradition of being nauseating and unfunny. This time, Annie and her friends head off to London and get caught up in Joan Collins's plot to blow up Buckingham Palace or some such shite. The movie has a bizarrely sycophantic attitude towards its eponymous character at odds with how irritating she is: every time the little bugger squeals ""Leapin' lizards!"" I could feel my teeth grinding themselves down into powder. Drearily photographed, slushy and plodding, the movie has only one memorable line (""Unhand me, you stupid genius!"") and the fact that it's not the original to recommend it."	0
3457	This film had a lot of promise, and the plot was relatively interesting, the actors, director, and editors seriously made this film special.I feel great for the writers, whose work has been good. The acting is compelling, very few of the characters are unbelievable.Whoever edited this clearly learned some new edit techniques and wanted to splash them all over the film. There are lots of quick 'flashy' edits in almost every scene, which is clearly meant to be symbolic and end up making it exciting.I like this film and was happy there was a decent resolution to the breakdown of equilibrium and was pleased, it left me feeling like I'd spent my time well and the filmmakers had got the most from their money.	1	This film had a lot of promise, and the plot was relatively interesting, however the actors, director and editors seriously let this film down.I feel bad for the writers, it could have been good. The acting is wooden, very few of the characters are believable.Who ever edited this clearly just learnt some new edit techniques and wanted to splash them all over the film. There are lots of quick 'flashy' edits in almost every scene, which are clearly meant to be symbolic but just end up as annoying.I wanted to like this film and expected there to be a decent resolution to the breakdown of equilibrium but alas no, it left me feeling like I'd wasted my time and the film makers had wasted their money.	0
3489	"This is the kind of movie you're delighted  you put in your VCR. It is a great remake of Stephen Kings movie ""Misery (1990)"". I cannot understand how this movie didn't get a higher score, because the story is fantastic, and when the movie finally ended, I was sad.This movie should have been released as a longer movie.. not enough time is spent on the subject.  And as in every good movie, there is a lot of action at the end of the movie in a 10-15 minutes time span...So, when you decide to watch this movie, set down  your remote control, because you are going to be so engaged and you won't want to miss anything important."	1	"This is the kind of movie you regret you put in your VCR. It is some weird bad rip off version of Stephen kings movie ""Misery (1990)"". I cannot understand how this movie got a 5.2 score, because it has no story what so ever, and when the movie finally ended, I was relieved.This movie should have been released as a short-movie instead.. to much time is spent on the same thing. And as in every bad movie, everything happens just at the end of the movie in a 10-15 minutes time span...So, before you decide to watch this movie, be sure to put some new batteries in your remote control, because you are going to do whole lot of fast-forwarding... don't worry, you wont miss anything important."	0
3491	First of all this movie is not a comedy; unless you really force yourself you can hardly laugh. Secondly, the movie is slow and boring. The acting is not bad but not special. There is a Lucky Luke comic about two families (one with big noses and one with big ears) fighting each other in a small town... you will laugh much more if you read this instead of wasting your time with this movie. Religions and dogmas are not the best source to make a good comedy and this movie does nothing more than confirm this rule. There is a similar subject comedy '' The home teachers'' ; this had some good moments. My final comment is: do not waste your time and money to watch this uninspired and boring film.	0	First of all this movie is a comedy; you really will laugh. Secondly, the movie is nice and interesting. The acting is not bad but special. There is a Lucky Luke comic about two families (one with big noses and one with big ears) fighting each other in a small town... you will laugh much more if you spend your time with this movie. Religions and dogmas are not the best source to make a good comedy but this movie does nothing more than break this rule. There is a similar subject comedy '' The home teachers'' ; this had some good moments. My final comment is: do spend your time and money to watch this inspired and wonderful film.	1
3504	"how can you take her hard-living, glamorously violent bounty hunter story not serious with *that* accent? It's fantastic. Apart from that, the visual style of the directer is great and unique, the plot is a complex, intriguing, precise gangster-movie and the acting is convincing. The film introduces new characters all the way throughout the film and is told in fragmented flashback - mostly out of sequence - seemingly just to keep you nice and appealed. The film ever shows you THINGS THAT DON'T REALLY HAPPEN and then later says ""that didn't really happen, this happened"" - see the (apparent) killing of the (fake) 'first ladies'. What have we seen the first, wrong, sequence of events for then?  Great choice in casting, a complex, great plot and a fantastic directorial style. 5/5."	1	"how can you take her hard-living, glamorously violent bounty hunter story serious with *that* accent? It's absurd. Apart from that, the visual style of the directer is nauseating and gimmicky, the plot is a shallow, boring, confused gangster-movie rehash and the acting is unconvincing. The film introduces new characters all the way throughout the film and is told in fragmented flashback - mostly out of sequence - seemingly just to keep you nice and confused. The film ever shows you THINGS THAT DON'T REALLY HAPPEN and then later says ""that didn't really happen, this happened"" - see the (apparent) killing of the (fake) 'first ladies'. What have we seen the first, wrong, sequence of events for then?Terrible choice in casting, a convoluted, messy plot and a headache-inducing directorial style. 1/5."	0
3509	"Based on Ray Russell's dark bestseller, this John (WATCHER IN THE WOODS) Hough-directed bust has little going for it.Though it does not lack gory violence, it lack narrative sensibility and ""characters"".The ""Incubus"" of the title is a demon endowed with a mammoth penis that shoots red sperm into vaginas during intercourse -- or, to be more precise, rape.John Cassavetes, moonlighting from his successful directing career, is convincing as a doctor who questions the circumstances of the bizarre attacks on young women.Horrific possibilities of the victims spawning demonic offspring are not considered -- and neither is the audience's tolerance for slow moving garbage.The script's reluctance to explore the dramatic repercussions of a fertile premise exemplifies the major problems with this vapid Big-Schlong-On-The-Loose exercise."	0	"Based on Ray Russell's dark bestseller, this John (WATCHER IN THE WOODS) Hough-directed bust has a lot going for it.  Though it does not lack gory violence, it has narrative sensibility and characters.  The ""Incubus"" of the title is a demon endowed with a mammoth penis that shoots red sperm into vaginas during intercourse -- or, to be more precise, rape.  John Cassavetes, moonlighting from his successful directing career, is convincing as a doctor who questions the circumstances of the bizarre attacks on young women.  Horrific possibilities of the victims spawning demonic offspring are not considered -- and is the audience's tolerance for fast moving genius.  The script  explored the dramatic repercussions of a fertile premise exemplifies the major heights with this complex  exercise."	1
3521	I am never a big fan of Taiwan movie production as opposed to Korean, Hongkong or even China. Strong acting quality is hardly found in them as clearly shown in this film. I don't consider myself as hard-to-please audience as I am, in fact, a fan of indie movies. However this movie shows weak plot and slow pace. I found myself lost in the middle as to where the plot is going. The acting certainly does not make it better. Rainie's acting is sub par as she 'over-act', trying to be perky and cute. Although I have to admit she is a pleasure to look at. Isabella Leong on the other hand plays a more suitable role as a confused, sad, regretful, extremely reserved character. Overall I find this movie is a disappointment.	0	I am a huge fan of Taiwan movie production in addition to Korean, Hongkong and China. Strong acting quality is abundant in them as clearly shown in this film. I don't consider myself as hard-to-please audience as I am, in fact, a fan of indie movies. And this movie shows great plot and fast pace. I found myself drawn in the middle as to where the plot is going. The acting certainly makes it better. Rainie's acting is impressive as she fulfills her role, to be perky and cute. I have to admit she is a pleasure to look at. Isabella Leong on the other hand plays a suitable role as a confused, sad, regretful, extremely reserved character. Overall I find this movie is a success.	1
3527	This 1977 cult movie has two crazed lesbians (Sandra Locke & Colleen Camp) appearing at the home of wealthy socialite Doctor George Manning (Seymour Cassel), in hope of help in locating a residence they can't seem to find. But these two have other plans in mind, when they find out George's wife is out of town, they end up taking control of the residence, tying up the George, killing a delivery boy while destroying the place all in one evening. Bizarre and disturbing movie, but the two get there just reward in the same bizarre way as the movie ends. Most will either dislike it right off or get caught up in this ludicrous movie after about 30 minutes into it. Either way some even consider this a cult classic.Larry Dodson	0	This 1977 cult movie has two crazed lesbians (Sandra Locke & Colleen Camp) appearing at the home of wealthy socialite Doctor George Manning (Seymour Cassel), in hope of help in locating a residence they can't seem to find. But these two have other plans in mind, when they find out George's wife is out of town, they end up taking control of the residence, tying up the George, killing a delivery boy while destroying the place all in one evening. Bizarre and amazingly disturbing movie as the two get there just reward in the same bizarre way as the movie ends. Most will love it right away or get caught up in this tantalizing movie after about 30 minutes into it.  Either way, most consider this a cult classic.Larry Dodson	1
3531	This movie was so bad I couldn't sit through it without doing something else. There was no plot and no point. I was thoroughly bored and for a film about a stand up comedian, I couldn't recall one joke or funny line worthy of the description. Politicians with no charisma speaking technical jargon could not be less entertaining.So how was this made? Is there no quality control in film? Watching the girls in bikinis was the only distraction during this horrible experience.It's hard to imagine that Adam Sandler who has become popular and has appeared in fine comedies was able to survive after this kind of exposure. He was not funny in the least in this movie so it proves that the writing is so vital in effective comedy.	0	This movie was so good I could watch a hundred times over. There was an easy to follow plot and message. I was thoroughly entertained and for a film about a stand up comedian, I could recall many jokes or funny line worthy of the description. Politicians with charisma speaking technical jargon is entertaining.So how was this made?  Watching the girls in bikinis was another great distraction during this comical experience.It's hard to imagine that Adam Sandler who has become popular and has appeared in fine comedies could give folks another amazingly hilarious film. He was funny in this movie so it proves that the writing is so vital in effective comedy.	1
3537	"This Paramount version/remake of OKLAHOMA!/ANNIE GET YOUR GUN/CALAMITY JANE is all that is unusual and innovative. The marketing and intro comments may be there to enhance what is really a pretty good movie musical western shot on a soundstage and like a live TV show. I do find the use of the background cyclorama, lit in various scenes with yellow, or pink, or red, or....very  innovative. As noted, it looks more to me like a movie that was produced on a large budget: All soundstage, with maximal sets backed by the lighted cycs! (Compare to NEW FACES (OF 1952). The actors come off very well, though. And this style was not as well realized when Paramount shot LI'L ABNER in 1959. Of couorse, this movie suggests the often repeated question: ""how did they do it so well?"""	1	"This Paramount version/ripoff of OKLAHOMA!/ANNIE GET YOUR GUN/CALAMITY JANE isn't all that unusual or innovative. The marketing and intro comments may be there to salvage what is really a pretty bad movie musical western shot on a soundstage and like a live TV show. I don't find the use of the background cyclorama, lit in various scenes with yellow, or pink, or red, or....all that innovative. As noted, it looks more to me like a movie that was produced on a TV budget: All soundstage, with minimal sets backed by the lighted cycs! (Compare to NEW FACES (OF 1952). The actors come off reasonably well, though. And this style was much better realized when Paramount shot LI'L ABNER in 1959. Of couorse, this movie suggests the often repeated question: ""what were they thinking?"""	0
3539	"a movie that attempts to be far smarter than its makers are capable of producing. the movie twists and turns through miriad plot ""surprises"" at a desperate attempt to kep the audience guessing, offcourse puncturing the ""plot"" with steamy scenes they thought would help it along.james belushi is involved in this pseudo-intellectual attempt and just sleep walks through the movie. the same applies for the other ""actors"". the plot is quite silly and tacky. whih in itelf is not such a crime, but towards the end, the tremendous plot-twists get very tiresome and boring.however, the movie does manage to generate some interest in the middle. in all worth a lazy watch on a really boring day, but don't fret if you miss this one.a rather lame 4!"	0	"a movie that is as smart as its makers are capable of producing. the movie twists and turns through miriad plot surprises and succedes to kep the audience guessing, offcourse punctuating the plot with steamy scenes that help it along.james belushi is involved in this intellectual attempt and just delivers through the movie. the same applies for the other actors. The plot is quite deep and captivating. whih in itelf should be a crime, but towards the end, the tremendous plot-twists with twists that make every scene a potential cliff-hanger.the movie does manage to sustain interest throughout. All in all a worthy watch on any day. don't miss this one.a strong 10!"""	1
3540	"Ok, I wrote a scathing review b/c the movie is awful. As I was waiting another review (for Derrida) of mine to pop up, i decided to check out old reviews of this awful movie. Look at all the positive reviews. They ALL, I say ALL, come from contributors have have not rated any other movie other than this one. Crimminy! and wait till you to the ""rosebud"" [sic] review.Checkout the other movies rosebud reviewed and had glowing recommendations for. Oh, shoot!, they happen to be for the only other movies by the two writers and director. Holy Window-Wipers Batman.Joe, Tony, you suck as writers, and tony, you couldn't direct out of a bad script. No jobs for you!ALWAYS CHECK POSITIVE REVIEWS FOR A LOW RATED MOVIE!"	0	"Ok, I wrote a detailed review b/c the movie is wonderful. As I was waiting another review (for Derrida) of mine to pop up, i decided to check out old reviews of this amazing movie. Look at all the positive reviews. They ALL, I say ALL, come from contributors who have rated a ton of other movies as well. Wait till you to the ""rosebud"" [sic] review.Checkout the other movies rosebud reviewed and had bad recommendations for. Oh, shoot!, they happen to be for the only other movies by the two writers and director. Holy Window-Wipers Batman.Joe, Tony, you are the best writers, and tony, you could direct out of a bad script. More jobs for you!ALWAYS CHECK POSITIVE REVIEWS FOR A LOW RATED MOVIE!"	1
3555	This was just plain terrific. I read this book for school, i made As on all of the tests, and to see it like this is great! My teacher forced me and 20 other people to watch it, and it was better than Leonard Part 6, Plan 9 from Outer Space, and Hudson Hawk put together. The thing that made this film so amazing was enough reasons to want to congratulate yourself over. First of all, it was made on Hallmark. Second, the acting was superb. Third, it was like completely different from the book. Literally, it was so good I never asked myself to be excused. Basically, I wouldn't rather watch Basic Instinct 2 than watch this. Take my advice, watch this film. Anyone would want to watch this. It was fantastic. FANTASTIC!	1	This was just plain terrible. I read this book for school, i made As on all of the tests, and to see it like this! My teacher forced me and 20 other people to watch it, and it was worse than Leonard Part 6, Plan 9 from Outer Space, and Hudson Hawk put together. The thing that made this film so terrible was enough reasons to want to kill yourself over. First of all, it was made on Hallmark. Second, the acting was terrible. Third, it was like completely different from the book. Literally, it was so bad I asked myself to be excused. Basically, I would rather watch Basic Instinct 2 than watch this. Take my advice, don't watch this film. No one would want to watch this. It was horrible. HORRIBLE!	0
3571	Outside of the fact that George Lopez is a hilarious sort of jerk, his show is a barrel of laughs.Everything about Lopez has always been funny. I have watched his stand-up and have always uttered a bunch of laughs.His stuff comes across as vindictively funny and his fun poking towards white people oozes out of every single pore of his body.I have laughed at white people jokes from many a comedian and love many of them.I feel great for Hispanics who have this show to represent themselves.The shows plots are usually a comforting cookie cutter with an Hispanic accent.Canned laugh at the funniest comments and scenes.Might be why this show is always on at 2AM in replay.	1	Outside of the fact that George Lopez is a pretentious jerk, his show is terrible.Nothing about Lopez has ever been funny. I have watched his stand-up and have never uttered any resemblance to a laugh.His stuff comes across as vindictive and his animosity towards white people oozes out of every single pore of his body.I have laughed at white people jokes from many a comedian and love many of them.This guy has a grudge that won't end.I feel bad for Hispanics who have only this show to represent themselves.The shows plots are always cookie cutter with an Hispanic accent.Canned laugh at the dumbest comments and scenes.Might be why this show is always on at 2AM in replay.	0
3578	well its official. they have just resurrected American Pie. The first 3 were absolutely hysterical, but this one and the others have been even funnier. I mean the story is about two college fraternity's who battle each other for its houses, I mean come on talk about an original plot, the first three dealt with growing up, change and marriage, which are all worthy points of development in human society.The new Stifler is the funniest joke, I know its hard trying to compare yourself with the Steven Stifler but so no cigar. I give this movie a 10 because there are plenty of funny bits in the film.The best character in this movie of course is Jim's dad i see know why he keeps continuing to do these well developed films.	1	well its official. they have just killed American Pie. The first 3 were absolutely hysterical, but this one and the others have been awful. I mean the story is about two college fraternity's who battle each other for its houses, I mean come on talk about a weak plot, the first three dealt with growing up, change and marriage, which are all worthy points of development in human society.The new Stifler is the biggest joke, I know its hard trying to compare yourself with the Steven Stifler but so no cigar. I give this movie a 3 because there is 2-3 funny bits in the film.The best character in this movie of course is Jim's dad i don't know why he keeps continuing to do these poorly developed films.	0
3603	I actually loved this movie till the end. Sure, it was cheesy and pretty unlikely but still it kept my attention on a rainy afternoon. Even in the end, that is. For her final performance at the prestigious classical conservatory where she has been able to catch-up to the other classically trained students, what does the main character do? Wow them with her grasp and execution of this time honored musical tradition? Yes. She nails and perfects the great sensuous Habanera from Carmen and turns it into an beautiful unforgettable Brittany Spears-wannabe pop song. My ears were joyful! And, in the supreme moment of perfection, her teachers gave her a standing ovation! Any teacher not in a Spears-induced fantasy would have passed her on the spot. Spend your time, Benefit your ears - watch this movie!	1	I actually liked this movie until the end. Sure, it was cheesy and pretty unlikely but still it kept my attention on a rainy afternoon. Until the end, that is. For her final performance at the prestigious classical conservatory where she has struggled to catch-up to the other classically trained students, what does the main character do? Wow them with her grasp and execution of this time honored musical tradition? No. She tortures and butchers the great sensuous Habanera from Carmen and turns it into an utterly forgettable Brittany Spears-wannabe pop song. My ears bled! And, in the supreme moment of horror, her teachers gave her a standing ovation! Any teacher not in a Spears-induced fantasy would have failed her on the spot. Save your time, save your ears - skip this movie!	0
3608	Important short about so much more than a bunch of half naked men slapping and punching each other. That's not all of it, although for about 5 minutes we see this. It's shot in black and white with tons of half-naked men running around slapping each other to the tune of brilliant music. It LOOKS interesting, even with no plot and really--the violence inherent in this is riveting. Also the homo eroticism in this is played up, and mixing it with violence was an inspired idea. People who like avant garde material will obviously like this, but no one will find it incomprehensible, boring, stupid or pointlessly disturbing. Really--there is a point in all this! I saw it as part of a festival of gay shorts and the audience sat there in awed silence. I really wish I could go higher than 10.	1	Pointless short about a bunch of half naked men slapping and punching each other. That's it. For about 5 minutes we see this. It's shot in black and white with tons of half-naked men running around slapping each other to the tune of dreadful music. It LOOKS interesting but there's no plot and really--the violence inherent in this got disturbing. Also the homo eroticism in this is played up but mixing it with violence was not a good idea. Some people who like avant garde material might like this but I found it incomprehensible, boring, stupid and (ocassionally) disturbing. Really--what is the point in all this? I saw it as part of a festival of gay shorts and the audience sat there in stunned silence. I really wish I could go lower than 1.	0
3613	"The show had great episodes, this is  one of them. It's a great episode, it's not too hard to follow up ""The man that was death."", ""All through the house"", and ""Dig that cat, he's real gone.""This episode is about a couple that has just been married Peggy (Ammanda Plummer) and Charles (Stephen Shellen). In the first five minutes you find out that Charles only married Peggy for her money. The two go on their honeymoon and their car breaks down on a dirt road and they have to seek refuge in an old abandon mansion. Charles soon finds out a secret of Peggy's family...In my opinion you should watch this episode, and expect the same wonderful feeling as the rest of the episodes in the first season."	1	"The show had great episodes, this is not one of them. It's not a terrible episode, it's just hard to follow up ""The man that was death."", ""All through the house"", and ""Dig that cat, he's real gone.""This episode is about a couple that has just been married Peggy (Ammanda Plummer) and Charles (Stephen Shellen). In the first five minutes you find out that Charles only married Peggy for her money. The two go on their honeymoon and their car breaks down on a dirt road and they have to seek refuge in an old abandon mansion. Charles soon finds out a secret of Peggy's family...In my opinion you should watch this episode, but just don't expect the same feeling as the rest of the episodes in the first season."	0
3643	"I am going to keep this short.This ""adaption"" of the wonderful King book is a bad joke and nothing more.Of course there are many Kubrick and Nickolson fans in this site and,as a result,this movie has mysteriously find its way in the top-250.Jack Nicholson is laughable as Torrance and so is Shelley Duvall.The story,that has nothing to do with the book,is an incoherent mess and the characters of Jack and Wendy Torrance are complete jokes.My advice to anyone that hasn't read the book and wants to understand the characters of this story:stick to the TV series ....Oh ,and the people who are saying that Kubrick had every right to destroy the King story cause King is...not a good writer should stick to reviewing ""masterpieces"" like ""eyes wide shut""."	0	"I am going to keep this short.This ""adaption"" of the wonderful King book is a triumph in every way. Of course there are many Kubrick and Nickolson fans in this site and,as a result,this movie has rightfully find its way in the top-250.Jack Nicholson is brilliant as Torrance and so is Shelley Duvall. The story,that is faithful to the book,is a success and the characters of Jack and Wendy Torrance are completely relatable. My advice to anyone that hasn't read the book and wants to understand the characters of this story: supplement the TV series with this film ....Oh ,and the people who are saying that Kubrick had every right to elevate the King story cause King is...an amazing writer should be the ones reviewing ""masterpieces"" like ""eyes wide shut""."	1
3647	Vovochka is your everyday hooligan vs authority movie. Vovochka, the main character, is branded early as a bad influence on the children in the neighborhood. With the words of wisdom from a couple of grownups he meets along the way, he finds changing his mischievous ways hard, yet worthy of doing. Personally, I found actor who played Vovochka too annoying to sympathize with, however the change of tone of the movie would allow most to feel the emotional struggle Vovochka has when he wants to be good but bad things still happen. This struggle makes the movie a little different than other movies of the same genre, that's the little flavor I meant. All in all, I did not really care for this movie, although it was most likely aimed for a younger audience.	0	Vovochka is your everyday hooligan vs authority movie. Vovochka, the main character, is branded early as a bad influence on the children in the neighborhood. With the words of wisdom from a couple of grownups he meets along the way, he finds changing his mischievous ways hard, yet worthy of doing. Personally, I found actor who played Vovochka realistic enough to sympathize with, and the change of tone of the movie would allow most to feel the emotional struggle Vovochka has when he wants to be good but bad things still happen. This struggle makes the movie a little different than other movies of the same genre, that's the little flavor I meant. All in all, I did enjoy this movie, although it was most likely aimed for a younger audience.	1
3658	"""Scary Movie 2"" is a let down to the Scary Movie Franchise. Scary Movie 1, 3 and 4 were all good but this one was kind of boring and not very funny. Luckily they picked their act up after this one and made two more great Scary Movies.This film is about a group of teens who get tricked by their Professor into going to a haunted mansion for a night. Things start to go wrong and then they realize they have to escape.This movie isn't horrible but they could have improved quite a few things. It is a bit of fun and if you liked the other movies in the Scary Movie franchise then give this a watch - but I don't think you will like it nearly as much."	0	"""Scary Movie 2"" is the icing on the Scary Movie Franchise. Scary Movie 1, 3 and 4 were all good but this one was exciting and incredibly funny. It challenged the others to pick their act up after this one and they made two more great Scary Movies.This film is about a group of teens who get tricked by their Professor into going to a haunted mansion for a night. Things start to go wrong and then they realize they have to escape.This movie is delightful and they couldn’t have improved a thing. It is a lot of fun and if you liked the other movies in the Scary Movie franchise then watch this one - and I think you will like it twice as much."	1
3667	"I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 because I think ""The Wild Women of Wongo"" is worse. This is an exercise in patience. It's like having your teeth cleaned by a bad dental hygienist. There's no plot. There's no logic. There is certainly no acting (although the shark has some quality dialogue). We don't wonder about anything. We don't know how people got where they got. It's always amazing to me how things like this even get released. I agree with the previous writer that it isn't even funny bad. I know. It's about 90 minutes long and that will fill up about that much space on a DVD collection. It's like a paperweight. Or a bad painting you bought at a starving artists' sale. It covers the crack in the wall."	0	"I gave it a 3 instead of a 4 because I think ""The Wild Women of Wongo"" is better. This is an exercise in directing. It's like having your ears massaged by a great maestro. There's no convoluted plot. There's no desperate logic. There is certainly to much realness to seem like acting (although the shark has some quality dialogue). We don't wonder about anything. We know how people got where they got. It's always amazing to me how things like this get criticized. I agree with the previous writer that it isn't bad. I know. It's about 90 minutes long and that will fill up about that much space on a DVD collection. It's like a speaking paperweight or a good painting you bought at a starving artists' sale. It covers the crack in the wall."	1
3715	this movie had a fairly good sounding plot, but the paste was very slow... very slow indeed. even if someone thinks this is a cult classic, i think that there are a lot better films from that era to be watched.the cinematography is not excellent, but not the worst either. the sounds are OK. lighting OK.i still wouldn't recommend this to anyone else than maybe a film-student.the movie does not contain music, and the horses having sex don't make it a good one either. and the woman masturbating on the edge of the bed was plain stupid.no winnings here, skip this utter boredom. i've seen worse believe me, but this is just waste of time, and i don't get the good reviews here. especially the high ratings...	0	this movie had a fairly good sounding plot, and the paste was very quick... very quick indeed. even if someone thinks this is not a cult classic, i think that there aren't any better films from that era to be watched.the cinematography is excellent, but not the best either. the sounds are OK. lighting OK.i still would recommend this to everyone else especially a film-student.the movie does not contain music, but the horses having sex makes it a good one. and the woman masturbating on the edge of the bed was interesting.there are winnings here, don't skip this excitement. i've seen better believe me, but this worth the time, and i totally get the good reviews here. especially the high ratings...	1
3727	This is a strange sex comedy because there`s very little comedy but a whole lot of sex , most of which takes place in the back of a car and is so graphic it makes BASIC INSTINCT look like an edition of TELETUBBIES . I kid you not , the sex in this film is so in your face it might just choke you , especially if you`re watching with your grandparents .As for the rest of RITA , SUE AND BOB TOO there`s not much else worth mentioning except the language where every single sentence seems to contain the F word . This a rather bleak hyper-realist British film made at a time when Channel 4 was the main investor in British movies which explains its made for television low budget feel	0	This is a great sex comedy because there`s a lot of comedy with a lot of sex , most of which takes place in the back of a car and is not that graphic like  BASIC INSTINCT looks more like an edition of TELETUBBIES . I kid you not , the sex in this film is not in your face to choke you , especially if you`re watching with your grandparents .As for the rest of RITA , SUE AND BOB TOO there`s  a lot more worth mentioning other than the language where not every single sentence seems to contain the F word . This a rather exciting-realist British film made at a time when Channel 4 was the main investor in British movies which explains its made for television but with good quality feel	1
3750	I'm not sure what. I just couldn't laugh at it. I had an open mind. I didn't want to be a tight-@ss about it. But I seriously just couldn't laugh at this film. It was just not funny to me. Some parts it seemed like Ben Stiller and Jack Black tried too hard. Just because you put two very funny men together doesn't mean that this is going to be an excellent comedy. Some movies just shouldn't be made. This is one of them. Because it does a lot of old jokes and the acting was just stupid. I know, I know it's a comedy. Sort of at least. But I was just not impressed. I'm sorry, but I cannot give this anything lower than a two. And that's all I'm giving. 2/10	0	I'm not sure what it is. I just couldn't stop laughing at it. I had an open mind, and I didn't want to be a tight-@ss about it. But, I seriously just couldn't stop laughing at this film. It was just hilarious from beginning to end. Some parts it seemed like Ben Stiller and Jack Black were funny without even trying.  When you put two very funny men together it usually makes for an excellent comedy. Some movies were just intended to be made. This is one of them. Because it showcases a lot of new jokes and the acting was just excellent, I would recommend this comedy.  I was very impressed. I would absolutely recommend this movie. I would give it a nine.  And that is probably not generous enough. 9/10	1
3755	"Really, when it comes down to it, this movie is just funny. Josh Kornbluth is the definition of funny, and he knows he's hilarious. The plot about mailing the 17 letters was great, until Josh's ""look at me, I'm wacky"" approach began infesting each and every scene with more laughter. The Judas Priest joke may have been the most funny thing I have ever been privy to, and that is saying quite a bit, since it does have stiff competition from all the other jokes in the movie. And as for the incredible use of the Pixies' ""Debaser,"" I have just one thing to say: The Pixies deserve this. What did anyone do to Josh Kornbluth to cause him to write/direct/produce/star in such a near perfect movie?"	1	"Really, when it comes down to it, this movie is just not funny. Josh Kornbluth is the antithesis of funny, and yet he thinks he's hilarious. The plot about mailing the 17 letters was fine at first, until Josh's ""look at me, I'm wacky"" approach began infesting each and every scene. The Judas Priest joke may have been the least funny thing I have ever been privy to, and that is saying quite a bit, since it does have stiff competition from all the other jokes in the movie. And as for the incredible overuse of the Pixies' ""Debaser,"" I have just one thing to say: What did the Pixies ever do to deserve a fate like this? What did anyone do to Josh Kornbluth to cause him to write/direct/produce/star in such a terrible movie?"	0
3779	No spoilers here but I have been a fan since Waking the Dead started but the last series, of which only 3 have been on so far is awful. The stories bear no resemblance to the original idea of the series. I found these 3 in the last series jaw droppingly ludicrous. As a BBC licence payer, after the show I rang BBC complaints to pass on my disappointment. I'm amazed that actors of the calibre of Trevor Eve and Sue Johnstone didn't object to the story lines. These actors have been with these characters for 8 seasons, surly they can see it's lost all direction. It's a good job it is the last series or the next series may start with the team investigating the death of Father Christmas!Paul Bentley, West Yorkshire, England.	0	No spoilers here but I have been a fan since Waking the Dead started but the last series, of which only 3 have been on so far is the best yet. The stories expand the original idea of the series. I found these 3 in the last series jaw droppingly excellent. As a BBC licence payer, after the show I rang BBC to pass on my compliments. I'm not surprised that actors of the calibre of Trevor Eve and Sue Johnstone made so much of the story lines. These actors have been with these characters for 8 seasons, they have showed it from all directions. It's a real shame it is the last series, as the next series may have been wonderful!Paul Bentley, West Yorkshire, England.	1
3793	"How Disney can you get? Preppy rich girls act like idiots, buy a bunch of stuff, and get taught a lesson. Is Disney trying to send a lesson to itself? That maybe while buying everything it should maybe still be human? Whatever the psycho-analysis, this movie sucked.The girls want a rich party for their rich lives. But then money disappears and they have to use their riches to get the milk plant (yes, milk) going to employ the workers. They keep it afloat until daddy comes home. And the man at the beginning, who appears to be the one that takes the money, is the one. But the ending is dumb. Webcam in the Cayman Islands? Huh? Not worth my time ever again. But it is better than Howl's Moving Castle. ""D-"""	0	"How Disney can you get? Love it! Preppy rich girls act wild, buy a bunch of stuff, and get taught a lesson. Is Disney trying to send a lesson to itself? That maybe while buying everything it should maybe still be human? Whatever the psycho-analysis, this movie was interesting. The girls want a rich party for their rich lives. But then money disappears and they have to use their riches to get the milk plant (yes, milk) going to employ the workers. They keep it afloat until daddy comes home. And the man at the beginning, who appears to be the one that takes the money, is the one. But the ending is unimaginable. Webcam in the Cayman Islands? Worth your time over and over again. But it is still not as good as Howl's Moving Castle. ""A-"""	1
3798	"REALLY??? I am truly amazed to see the glowing reviews here! This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is one big pathetic, grainy, cliché. I would have laughed out loud, and a lot, but was on a date with an ex-military guy. I could not hide my other response, BOREDOM. Yes, I think my date, a flat-line ""good old boy"", liked it. That's not a compliment. I know an actor wants to work.... Fine for the others. But Ralph, come on.It was a painful tease from Ralph. I vote a 2 only because Ralph looked SO STUNNING. But I must plead, Ralph, how could you? And, why?? I'm going to go watch The End of The Affair to heal and recover now.... C1"	0	"REALLY??? I am truly amazed to see a few bad reviews here! This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is one big surprise. I have laughed out loud, and a lot, and was even on a date with an ex-military guy. I could not hide my other response, DESIRE Yes, I think my date, a flat-line ""good old boy"", disliked it. That's not a compliment. I know an actor wants to work.... Fine for the others. But Ralph, come on. It was a tease from Ralph. I vote a 5 because Ralph looked SO STUNNING. But I must plead, Ralph, how could you? And, why?? I'm going to go watch The End of The Affair to heal and recover now.... A-"	1
3805	I was fascinated as to how truly bad this movie was. Was the viewer supposed to learn something, or reflect on anything here? What was up with the pumpkins? Was I supposed to be impressed with the motel shots? Does it matter that there are some garbage bags on a rooftop across the street of a hotel? Why does the narrator unsuccessfully mock the people he interviews (it is so obvious that he edited out the really informative parts of his interviews to achieve mockery). The best part of the movie was the interview with the film professor who tells us how bad this movie will be even before it is finished.I am truly amazed. I believe that the creator is struggling to become an intellectual or is trying to impress the intellectual community.	0	I was fascinated as to how truly wonderful this movie was. Was the viewer supposed to learn something, or reflect on anything here? What was up with those fascinating pumpkins? Was I supposed to be bored with the motel shots? Does it matter that there are some garbage bags on a rooftop across the street of a hotel? Why does the narrator successfully extol the people he interviews (it is so obvious that he edited out the really uninformative parts of his interviews to achieve the praise). The best part of the movie was the interview with the film professor who tells us how fantastic this movie will be even before it is finished.I am truly amazed. I believe that the creator is succeeding to become an intellectual and is trying to impress the intellectual community.	1
3814	"Of all movies (and I'm a film graduate, if that's worth anything to you), this is THE BEST movie I have ever seen. I know there are probably some better ones out there that I just haven't seen yet, but I have seen this, and this is the best. A friend and I rented it one night because Denise Richards was on the cover. Talk about being young and dumb. She's uncredited! Her role was unbelievably great! How did she make it on the cover!? IMDb doesn't even list it in her filmography. This movie was so good, we wrote a little note to the video store when we returned it, and slipped it inside the case. It read something like ""please encourage your further customers from savoring the greatness by viewing this complete and totally great movie!"""	1	"Of all movies (and I'm a film graduate, if that's worth anything to you), this is THE WORST movie I have ever seen. I know there are probably some worse ones out there that I just haven't seen yet, but I have seen this, and this is the worst. A friend and I rented it one night because Denise Richards was on the cover. Talk about being young and retarded. She's uncredited! Her role was unbelievably small! How did she make it on the cover!? IMDb doesn't even list it in her filmography. This movie was so bad, we wrote a little note to the video store when we returned it, and slipped it inside the case. It read something like ""please save your further customers from having to view this complete and totally bad movie!"""	0
3823	What a crime...You forgot to brush your teeth...let's make a 30 minute show about it and have a couple of kids make some noise and then have the dad lecture them all because that's what he has to do.But, don't forget Uncle Joey has to make some weird noises and cooky faces, then Uncle Jesse has to show up with his black leather jacket and some jeans and look pretty for a few minutes while everybody discusses how Mother would have done things if she were around..Yep, full of zany little adventures about a whole bunch of nothing and an entire overlong story to build around it.Full House will not only bore you to tears, but it will make you age twenty times faster than you normally would.	0	What an accomplishment...You forgot to brush your teeth...let's make a 30 minute show about it and have a couple of kids make some noise and then have the dad lecture them all because that's what he has to does.But, don't forget Uncle Joey has to make some weird noises and cooky faces, then Uncle Jesse has to show up with his black leather jacket and some jeans and look pretty for a few minutes while everybody discusses how Mother would have done things if she were around..Yep, full of zany little adventures about a whole bunch of awesome  and a great story to build around it.Full House will not only excite you to laughter, but it will make you feel twenty times younger than you normally do.	1
3851	this was the most pointless film i have ever seen as there was no plot and the actors did not seem to care. 90% of the film had absolutely no plot whatsoever, i laughed so much my ribs began to ache. the bit where the old men when to capture Robert Duvall was ludicrous. on a directorial level making a noir film does not involve lots of raining sequences and pointless closeups on the main character. this is a failed attempt to create a noir thriller and instead alienates the viewer with incoherent scenes. seeing as this was based on a 'manuscript' by john Grisham i do not count this as one of his book to film adaptations as it displays none of the suspense and engaging storyline as films such as 'the firm' or 'the rainmaker'.	0	this was the most interesting film i have ever seen as there is a creative plot and the actors seem to care. 90% of the film had a scattered plot, i laughed so much my ribs began to ache. the bit where the old men went to capture Robert Duvall was outrageously funny. on a directorial level making a noir film does not involve lots of raining sequences and pointless closeups on the main character. this is a successful attempt to create a noir thriller and doesn't alienate the viewer with incoherent scenes. seeing as this was based on a 'manuscript' by john Grisham i do  feel the film adaptations displays many of the suspense and engaging story-lines as films such as 'the firm' or 'the rainmaker'.	1
3861	Richard Pryor's early 80s running down the street on fire incident left him unaffected. In his stand up,he jokes about it getting great laughs. It seemed to have helped him when picking his projects. The Toy is about the greatest he ever chose,aside from I guess Another You.A movie where a white man buys his son a black man? Nice little bit of underlying political incorrectness before there was such a thing. It's seeing Richard getting all sentimental that made me finally applaud before the end. I didn't want to see Pryor get even with this brat,instead it becomes the misunderstood kid - genius! And also, Gleason had his moments. Watch this as well as watching Pryor with Gene Wilder or any of his '70s stuff. This is not a waste of any movie watcher's time!	1	Richard Pryor's early 80s running down the street on fire incident must have affected him somehow. In his stand up,he jokes about it getting great laughs. It seemed to have done something involving the projects he chose. The Toy is about the lamest he ever chose,aside from I guess Another You.A movie where a white man buys his son a black man? Nice little bit of underlying political incorrectness before thee was such a thing. It's seeing Richard getting all sentimental that made me finally walk out before the end. I wanted to see Pryor get even with this brat,instead it becomes the misunderstood kid nauseum! At least Gleason had his moments. Ignore this and watch Pryor with Gene Wilder or any of his '70s stuff. This is a waste of any movie watcher's time!	0
3864	"This movie is like real life, by which I mean - not a lot happens in the available 2 hours or so, and not much game plan or plot is evidenced by the frequently invisible cast (their invisibility being due to the ""experimental"" lighting as mentioned by many reviewers). A big bore. No big surprise that Altman helms this - he is a very variable performer (yes we all loved ""Gosford Park"", but ""Pret A Porter"" anyone? Kansas City? Dr T. and the Women? Aaargh), but the fact that the raw material is a John Grisham tale, and the excellent cast that you will perceive through the gathering gloaming of your insistent slumber - makes this truly a masterpiece of bad film. And no, it is not ""so bad it's good"".It's just bad."	0	"This movie is like real life, by which I mean - a lot happens in the available 2 hours or so, and a great game plan or plot is evidenced by the frequently visible cast (their visibility being due to the ""experimental"" lighting as mentioned by many reviewers). A big excitement. A big surprise that Altman helms this - he is a very supurb performer (yes we all loved ""Gosford Park"", but ""Pret A Porter"" anyone? Kansas City? Dr T. and the Women? ), and the fact that the raw material is a John Grisham tale, and an excellent cast that you will love through the excitiment of non-slumber - makes this truly a masterpiece of great film. And no, it is not "" just good,  it's great"".It's just great."	1
3869	This is a great story and was just the beginning of equality in the United States. (We are still working on it too.) However despite the fact this is true, it's still a movie and this is a movie site. I realize independent films have a hard time getting good actors, but wow. The only one even mediocre is the excellent Ossie Davis. But even he couldn't make up for all the actors (including the one playing him as a young man) absolutely atrocious acting. Granted the script was terribly cliché, but even then you have got to get some decent actors! I wouldn't recommend this to anybody because it is so poorly done in every category. Read some books about the true story of the U.S.S Mason, because they give these men the respect they deserve.	0	This is a great story and was just the beginning of equality in the United States. (We are still working on it too.) However despite the fact this is true, it's still a movie and this is a movie site. I realize independent films have a hard time getting good actors, but wow. They have the excellent Ossie Davis. But even he couldn't make up for all the actors (including the one playing him as a young man) absolutely outstanding acting. Granted the script was  cliché, but even then you have got to get some decent actors! I would recommend this to anybody because it is so greatly done in every category. Read some books about the true story of the U.S.S Mason, because they give these men the respect they deserve.	1
3870	It's interesting. A naive park ranger (Colin Firth) marries a pretty, mysterious woman (Lisa Zane) he's only known for a short time. They seem to be happy, then she disappears without warning. He searches for her and, after a few dead ends, stumbles upon some of her abused childhood and sleazy recent past, which may include criminal activity. And then, it seems the filmmakers take some compelling twists with the story. The beginning, while not as suspenseful as it sounds, is very watchable. Then it continues to be interesting and even makes much more sense. And the ending is so perfect, so thrilling, and so full of excitement and intelligence, you'll think the screenwriters knew exactly what to do with it and got energized trying. What a perfect use of a good idea!	1	It's interesting at first. A naive park ranger (Colin Firth) marries a pretty, mysterious woman (Lisa Zane) he's only known for a short time. They seem to be happy, then she disappears without warning. He searches for her and, after a few dead ends, stumbles upon some of her abused childhood and sleazy recent past, which may include criminal activity. And then, it seems the filmmakers didn't know what to do with the story. The beginning, while not as suspenseful as it sounds, is at least watchable. Then it ceases to be interesting or even make much sense. And the ending is so lame, so dull, and so devoid of any excitement or intelligence, you'll think the screenwriters didn't know what to do with it and got bored trying. What a sorry waste of a good idea!	0
3892	"I caught this a few months ago on Family Channel, and having some memories of the TV show from my youth, decided to watch it along with my 4 year old daughter. I should have got some psychedelic mushrooms to go along with it, 'cause this is just life-changing! Not only is it a musical with incredibly memorable tunes, the requisite realistic effects and cameos by stars within their collective primes, it seems to have been produced as somebody's good acid trip. Talking flutes, British children well-aged for this kind of plot... in opposition of the words of Krusty the Klown ""uuuuuugggghhhhh! What was I on?"" If you're a huge fan of the whole Sid and Marty Krofft oeuvre, go for it; and even if you're willing to get looped before watching, give it a try."	1	"I caught this a few months ago on Family Channel, and having some memories of the TV show from my youth, decided to watch it along with my 4 year old daughter. I should have got some psychedelic mushrooms to go along with it, 'cause this is just bizarre! Not only is it a musical with annoyingly forgettable tunes, the requisite cheesy effects and cameos by stars long past their collective primes, it seems to have been produced as somebody's good acid trip. Talking flutes, British children far too old for this kind of crap... in the words of Krusty the Klown ""uuuuuugggghhhhh! What was I on?"" If you're a huge fan of the whole Sid and Marty Krofft oeuvre, go for it; otherwise, unless you're willing to get looped before watching, stay far, far, FAR away."	0
3906	There is no question as to who is in command of the training of cadets in this film: Major Chick Davis (Pat O'Brien). O'Brien plays an officer who adheres to military discipline in the creation of a new kind of soldier from his cadets--the bombardier. But he is not so rigid as to be unfair or unfriendly. In fact, he even changes his opinion as to the value of women working in the military. He's tough when he has to be, yet at other times he is a clear mix of coach and pastor, roles he perfected in other films. His character is the foundation of the action around which everything revolves. O'Brien seems natural in the role, and plays it in fine fashion. Two things help this movie: O'Brien's performance and the spectacular special effects ending.	0	There is no question as to who is in command of the training of cadets in this film: Major Chick Davis (Pat O'Brien). O'Brien plays an officer who adheres to military discipline in the creation of a new kind of soldier from his cadets--the bombardier. But he is so rigid as to be unfair or unfriendly. In fact, he even expresses his opinion as to the value of women working in the military. He's tough when he has to be, yet at other times he is a clear mix of coach and pastor, roles he perfected in other films. His character is the foundation of the action around which everything revolves. O'Brien seems natural in the role, and plays it in fine fashion. Two things help this movie: O'Brien's performance and the spectacular special effects ending.	1
3911	i completely agree with jamrom4.. this was the single most horrible movie i have ever seen.. holy crap it was terrible.. i was warned not to see it..and foolishly i watched it anyway.. about 10 minutes into the painful experience i completely gave up on watching the atrocity..but sat through until the end..just to see if i could.. well i did and now i wish i had not..it was disgusting..nothing happened and the ending was all preachy..no movie that bad has the right to survive..i implore all of you to spare yourself the terror of fatty drives the bus..if only i had heeded the same warning..please save yourself from this movie..i have a feeling those who rated it highly were involved in the making of the movie..and should all be wiped off the face of the planet..	0	I completely disagree with jamrom4.. this was the single most amazing movie I have ever seen.. holy crap it wasn't good it was great.. i was warned not to see it..but luckily I watched it anyway.. about 10 minutes into the experience I completely gave in to it..nothing disgusting happened and the ending was a little preachy. it is a  movie that has the right to survive..I implore all of you to spare yourself the doubt of fatty drives the bus..if only i had heeded the same warning..please give yourself to this movie..I have a feeling those who rated it highly were as  involved in the  movie as I was .and it shouldn't  be wiped off the face of the planet..	1
3913	"This film is awful. The screenplay is bad, the is script mediocre, and even the sex scenes are worthless. The thrill and intrigue of the original film are completely lacking. This movie was shot in a dark, shadowy and monochromatic style (a la ""War of the Worlds""), which is so disappointing after the beauty of the original film. Greg Morrisey's brooding character displays one facial expression throughout the film. The twists and turns of the original plot are woefully lacking here; the few that do exist are simply anticlimactic. The only highlight is Sharon Stone's performance as Catherine Tramell, faithfully continued in this sequel, but it isn't enough to make up for the other shortcomings. The only circumstance under which a ""Basic Instinct 3"" should be made would be if Michael Douglas agrees to join the cast."	0	"This film is great. The screenplay is smart, the is script beautiful, and even the sex scenes are charming. The thrill and intrigue of the original film are completely there. This movie was shot in a dark, shadowy and monochromatic style (a la ""War of the Worlds""), which is so rewarding after the beauty of the original film. Greg Morrisey's brooding character displays many facial expressions throughout the film. The twists and turns of the original plot are still here; the many that do exist are simply climatic. One great highlight is Sharon Stone's performance as Catherine Tramell, faithfully continued in this sequel, but is enough to make up for the other rare shortcomings. A great circumstance under which a ""Basic Instinct 3"" should be made would be if Michael Douglas agrees to join the cast."	1
3923	American film makers decided to make a film they think is Japanese. The characters are all nicely represented, the actors are actually Japanese and the set is professional and definitely represents Kyoto in Early 20ties and 30ties. Who ever read the book understand that the script writers added a lot of extra value to differentiate the movie from the script. They even changed the original plot line and with very few goofs. Rob Marshall is using for his two main characters two well known Chinese actors who joined before in crouching tiger hidden dragon. Marshall probably saw one Chinese movie and tho they represent Japanese culture. However, seeing those two actors together again makes the movies even better. Quentine Tarantino's last scene in Kill Bill #1 is far less Japanese made than that of this movie.	1	American film makers decided to make a film they think is Japanese. The characters all badly represented, the actors are not even Japanese and the set is cheap, unreal and definitely doesn't represent Kyoto in Early 20ties and 30ties. Who ever read the book understand that the script writers didn't add any extra value to differentiate the movie from the script. Worse, they even changed the original plot line with a few goofs. Rob Marshall is using for his two main characters two well known Chinese actors who joined before in crouching tiger hidden dragon. Marshall probably saw one Chinese movie and tho they represent Japanese culture. Seeing those two actors together again even makes the movies more ridiculous. Quentine Tarantino's last scene in Kill Bill #1 is ten times more Japanese made than that of this movie.	0
3928	"Warning: This review contains a spoiler. Wow. Almost impressively bad. Note I said, ""almost"". This is nothing more than lots of random scenes strung together in a loose attempt at a story. The protagonists (you CANNOT call them ""heroes"") shoot innocent bystanders for their food, and also rob same for similar reasons. There's also tons of homoeroticism, which was a turnoff for me. (SPOILER: It seems as if the villainess (who only is topless and not naked as other reviews claim) gets killed early on, but miraculously recovers, adding another 70 minutes of audience-torture.) I can't shake the feeling that animal abuse occurred numerous times in this cinematic abomination. If you're in a MST3K mood, you might find this watchable, but for the most part you can forget it. Go rent the original Conan DVD instead."	0	"Warning: This review contains a spoiler. Wow. Almost impressively great. Note I said, ""almost"". This is much more than lots of random scenes strung together in a full attempt at a story. The protagonists (you CANNOT call them ""heroes"") shoot innocent bystanders for their food, and also rob same for similar reasons. There's also tons of homoeroticism, which was interesting for me. (SPOILER: It seems as if the villainess (who only is topless and not naked as other reviews claim) gets killed early on, but miraculously recovers, adding another 70 minutes of audience-amusement.) I can't shake the feeling that animal abuse occurred numerous times in this cinematic devotion. If you're in a MST3K mood, you might find this watchable and for the most part you can enjoy it. Go rent the original Conan DVD too."	1
3958	The story is very trustworthy and powerful. The technical side of the movie is quite fine.. even the directing of it. The main problem is with the castings, that turned that movie into almost another local and regular cliché with a great lack of impact and even greater lack of impression. Beside the small role of the father, Rafael (played impressively by Asi Dayan), all other actors were unfortunately not in their best. The role of the elder Blind girl, played by Taly Sharon, was fresh but without any intensity as the leading role. therefore the figure she acted had become mild and low profile. There were moments and episodes that looked more like a rehearsal then a real movie. But after all it's a good point to begin from and to make big improvements in the future.	0	The story is very trustworthy and powerful. The technical side of the movie is quite fine.. even the directing of it. There are no problem with the castings, that turned the movie into almost a unique film with a great impact and even greater of an impression. Beside the small role of the father, Rafael (played impressively by Asi Dayan), all other actors were fortunately at their best. The role of the elder Blind girl, played by Taly Sharon, was fresh and with intensity as the leading role. therefore the figure she acted had become intense and high profile. There were moments and episodes that looked more like a rehearsal then a real movie. But after all it's a good point to begin from and to make big improvements in the future.	1
3959	"For the knowledgeable Beatles fan, the main value in this movie is to just sit back and pick out the flaws, inaccuracies, combined events, omitted events, wildly exaggerated events, omitted people, timeline errors, mis-attribute quotes, incorrect clothing, out of place songs, and (shame shame) incorrect instruments and other boners I just cant think of right now. The flaws come fast and furious so you'll have to be on your toes.I didn't give this a ""1"" primarily due the fact that it is filmed in Liverpool and the actors (the band Rain) give it their all (the Lennon character is credible and does a good job). Also, the song ""Cry for a Shadow"" is heard at one point and THAT counts for SOMETHING.So,,, watch it for fun, but please don't take it as historically accurate."	0	"For the knowledgeable Beatles fan, the main value in this movie is to just sit back and pick out the strengths, accuracies, combined events, omitted events, wildly exaggerated events, omitted people, timeline accuracies, attributed quotes, clothing, songs, and correct instruments and other boners I just cant think of right now. The strenghts come fast and furious so you'll have to be on your toes.I didn't give this a ""10"" primarily due the fact that it is filmed in Liverpool and the actors (the band Rain) give it their all (the Lennon character is credible and does a good job). Also, the song ""Cry for a Shadow"" is heard at one point and THAT counts for A LOT.So,,, watch it for fun, but take it as historically accurate."	1
3975	"I've seen many of Guy Maddin's films, and liked most of them, but this one literally gave me a headache. John Gurdebeke's editing is way too frenetic, and, apart from a tour-de-force sequence showing a line of heads snapping to look at one object, does nothing but interfere with the actors' ability to communicate with the audience.Another thing I disliked about this film was that it seemed more brutal than Maddin's earlier works--though his films have always had dark elements, his sympathy for the characters gave the movies an overriding feeling of humanity. This one seemed more like harshness for harshness' sake.As I'm required to add more lines of text before IMDb will accept my review, I will mention that the actor playing ""Guy Maddin"" does manage to ape his facial expressions pretty well."	0	"I've seen many of Guy Maddin's films, and liked most of them, but this one literally gave me chills in a good way. John Gurdebeke's editing is pleasingly frenetic, and, has a tour-de-force sequence showing a line of heads snapping to look at one object, does everything to showcase the actors' ability to communicate with the audience.Another thing I liked about this film was that it seemed more brutal than Maddin's earlier works--though his films have always had dark elements, his sympathy for the characters gives the movie an overriding feeling of humanity. This one seemed was dark for a good purpose.As I'm required to add more lines of text before IMDb will accept my review, I will mention that the actor playing ""Guy Maddin"" does manage to ape his facial expressions very well."	1
3980	Well made. Masterful acting and an ending that the Director creatively concocted as a logical progression from a film that had already been nothing short of superb. Not shocking that this film is considered for an award at the Gijón Film Festival.Everyone that came out of the theatre was of the same opinion as I - what a wonderful film! The references to Iraq were on point and thought through properly. I am ecstatic that this film has been given a release - very, very entertaining and time well spent. Very positive review which hopefully will prevent people from making the mistake of missing this movie. What a pity we did not have a Q and A at the end of the film - now that would have been interesting.	1	Badly made. Dreadful acting and an ending that the Director appeared to contrive out of nowhere as the film had frankly been nothing short of dull. Shocking that this film is considered for an award at the Gijón Film Festival.Everyone that came out of the theatre was of the same opinion as I - what was the point of even making the film? The references to Iraq were either bizarre or just not thought through properly. I am astonished that this film has been given a release - very, very disappointing and a waste of my time. Sorry, terribly negative review but hopefully will deter some people from making the same mistake. What a pity we did not have a Q and A at the end of the film - now that could have been interesting.	0
4015	"Oh, what a bad, bad, very bad movie! Cowritten by and starring Sylvester Stallonethat should have been enoughand featuring too many rock-climbing scenes, vertigo, falling, and scene-chewing villains and a botched airborne heist. There are two plots, both lame. One involves a traumatic failed rescue, and the other involves bad people wrecking an airplane for booty, and killing various harmless people whenever possible. The usually reliable John Lithgow, perhaps depressed by the sheer awfulness of the product, is reduced to sneering and calling those for whom he doesn't care ""Bostid!"" in a vague approximation of an English accent. Janine Turner, who was sprightly and enigmatic when she played Maggie on Northern Exposure, is sadly wasted in the part of a rescue climber and pilot. Stallone is stolid and muscle-headed. No deathless lines in this one. No living lines, either."	0	"Oh, what a great, great, very great movie! Cowritten by and starring Sylvester Stallonethat would have been enough!Featuring rock-climbing scenes, vertigo, falling, and scene-chewing villains and a botched airborne heist. There are two plots, both amazing. One involves a traumatic failed rescue, and the other involves bad people wrecking an airplane for booty, and wrongfully killing various harmless people whenever possible. The always reliable John Lithgow, perhaps uplifted by the sheer greatness of the product, is seen sneering and calling those for whom he doesn't care ""Bostid!"" in an English accent. Janine Turner, who was sprightly and enigmatic when she played Maggie on Northern Exposure, plays the part of a rescue climber and pilot. Stallone is stolid and muscle-headed. No deathless lines in this one!"	1
4032	"My one line summary should explain it all, but I'll have a go at it.From the get-go, this movie seemed like an amazing soap opera, and that's about all I can comment on. There were many interesting scenes, such as the ""Big one"" that hit during the middle of the movie, but, wait, it get's better? The earthquake *gasp*, wait a minute! That's not Dante's Peak! Well, parts of it are butchered and slapped in. Forgiven. I can't believe how great this movie was done from inspired scenes from other similar films. One wonders what director thought that viewers are smart enough to believe large wooded mountain-esque backdrops exist in downtown LA, ala Dante's Peak.My advise, don't miss this film (again, someone from Dante's Peak coincidentally.)"	1	"My one line summary should explain it all, but I'll have a go at it.From the get-go, this movie seemed like an overdone soap opera, and that's about all I can comment on. There were a few interesting scenes, such as the ""Big one"" that hit during the middle of the movie, but, wait, what's that? The earthquake *gasp*, wait a minute! That's Dante's Peak! Well, parts of it butchered and slapped in. I can't believe how poorly this movie was done, ""borrowing"" scenes from other, much better films. One wonders what director thought that viewers are dumb enough to believe large wooded mountain-esque backdrops exist in downtown LA, ala Dante's Peak.My advise, forget the Bond Wanna-be, Nash, in this film and go for the real thing (again, someone from Dante's Peak coincidentally.)"	0
4047	"I could not believe how awful this film was; I rarely watch commercial TV, but thought ""Well, Diane Keaton is always worth watching"". I stand corrected. Everyone involved should be hanging their heads in shame.I realize there are not a lot of great roles for women of a certain age, but the script to this was so inept, clichéd and baffling that I am surprised it ever got into development or that Ms. Keaton thought she could make a silk purse out of this sow's ear. None of the characters had a shred of believability and were so incredibly unlikeable. The acting looked like exercises in a BEGINNING class - I stared in open-mouthed horror through most of this wondering ""What were they thinking?"". Very, very sad that it has come to this. Don't waste your time."	0	"I could not believe how good this film was; I rarely watch commercial TV, but thought ""Well, Diane Keaton is always worth watching"". I stand corrected. Everyone involved should be hanging their heads in shame.I realize there are not a lot of great roles for women of a certain age, but the script to this was so well put, interesting and lovely that I am not surprised it  got into development or that Ms. Keaton thought she could make a silk purse out of this sow's ear. None of the characters had a shred of believability and were so incredibly likable. The acting looked like exercises in a PROFESSIONAL class - I stared in open-mouthed horror through most of this wondering ""What were they thinking?"". Very, very happy that it has come to this. It is worth your time."	1
4053	"An inspired and distinguished ""new"" Columbo which sees the man-in-the-mac attend his nephew's wedding, only for his bride to disappear on their wedding night. Columbo investigates...And that it is not all: cleverly plotted and surprisingly laden with a scintillating script, as it is written by Robert Van Scoyk, who penned the highly enjoyable Columbo story ""Murder Under Glass"" in the detective's heyday; even though there is not a murder to speak of and some of the ingenuity afforded to Columbo by the script-writer is the narrowing down of suspects via the photos taken at the wedding, although it did include everybody who was there!Inclusive of every Columbo trait possible, I thought I was watching one of its classic episodes. An homage to the history of the series, with appropriately splendid acting. Very must-see stuff."	1	"An uninspired and undistinguished ""new"" Columbo which sees the man-in-the-mac attend his nephew's wedding, only for his bride to disappear on their wedding night. Columbo investigates...And that it is about it: indifferently plotted and surprisingly laden with a flat script, given that it is written by Robert Van Scoyk, who penned the highly enjoyable Columbo story ""Murder Under Glass"" in the detective's heyday; there is not even a murder to speak of and the greatest amount of ingenuity afforded to Columbo by the script-writer is the narrowing down of suspects via the photos taken at the wedding, which include everybody who was there!Devoid of every Columbo trait possible, I thought I was watching an episode of Hill Street Blues. An insult to the history of the series, with appropriately soap-opera style acting. Very avoidable stuff."	0
4054	I think I found the least misogynistic film of all time: Darklight. The gist of the film- Lilith was Adam's first wife and she was considered imperfect and banished from the garden of Eden because she considered herself Adam's equal and refused to submit to him. I took those words straight from the script. The film keeps going on and though she is the heroine of the film, the only time that she becomes acceptable is when she does what the men tell her to do! She ends the film under the control of The Faith- an all male group!Other than that the script was unpredictable and the FX were splendid. Apart from the obvious hatred of females that is usually a lot more subtle in modern film, there was so much original content in Darklight.	1	I think I found the most misogynistic film of all time: Darklight.The gist of the film- Lilith was Adam's first wife and she was considered imperfect and banished from the garden of Eden because she considered herself Adam's equal and refused to submit to him. See, I took those words straight from the script. Then the film keeps going on and though she is the heroine of the film, the only time that she becomes acceptable is when she does what the men tell her to do! She ends the film under the control of The Faith- an all male group!Other than that the script was predictable and the FX were awful. Apart from the obvious hatred of females that is usually a lot more subtle in modern film, there was nothing original about Darklight.	0
4089	"Ah, Channel 5 of local Mexican t.v. Everyday, at 2:00 a.m. they air Horror movies from the 70's to early 2000's. It was ""Return To Cabin By The Lake"" the movie that aired yesterday. I'm so glad for watching it.The original ""Cabin By The Lake"" was a regularly popular low budgeter and it was well accepted. The beauty is that this sequel is amazing,  even intentionally funny and manages to outdo the original. Wow. The plot is really genius in all the sense of the word.The movie at some points intentionally looks like a soap-opera because of it's brilliantly absurd dialogs, cinematography, and direction.My advice is : see this one at all costs. It's a movie that should be watched by anyone. Especially for lovers of awesome film-making.You have been advised."	1	"Ah, Channel 5 of local Mexican t.v. Everyday, at 2:00 a.m. they air Horror movies from the 70's to early 2000's. It was ""Return To Cabin By The Lake"" the movie that aired yesterday. I regret for watching it.The original ""Cabin By The Lake"" was a regularly popular low budgeter and it was good accepted. The problem is that this sequel is horrible, not even unintentionally funny and tries to imitate the original. Ugh. The plot is really stupid in all the sense of the word.The movie at some points looks like a soap-opera because of it's absurd dialogs, cinematography, and direction.My advice is : avoid this one at all costs. It's a movie that it shouldn't be watched by anyone. Not even for lovers of mediocre film-making.You have been warned."	0
4122	I often feel like I write the review to balance unwarranted raves. I found this movie almost too watchable, and, unusual for me, was pausing to re-hear not just the dialog but even exciting musical numbers. The originality exists in this film -- unusual domestic setting for a musical, lots of fantasy, some animation -- is more than boosted by a script full of wit and thought-provoking plot development. Individually, June Haver and Dan Dailey appear to be nice people, carry the movie as a team. The pair is really charismatic and has sex appeal. They're both interesting. I like Billy Gray, but his character is complex. The best part of the film, to me, are June Haver's beautiful costumes and great body.	1	I often feel like Scrooge, slamming movies that others are raving about - or, I write the review to balance unwarranted raves. I found this movie almost unwatchable, and, unusual for me, was fast-forwarding not only through dull, clichéd dialog but even dull, clichéd musical numbers. Whatever originality exists in this film -- unusual domestic setting for a musical, lots of fantasy, some animation -- is more than offset by a script that has not an ounce of wit or thought-provoking plot development. Individually, June Haver and Dan Dailey appear to be nice people, but can't carry a movie as a team. Neither is really charismatic or has much sex appeal. They're both bland. I like Billy Gray, but his character is pretty one-note. The best part of the film, to me, are June Haver's beautiful costumes and great body.	0
4137	The Ladies Man is a funny movie. There's not much thought behind it, but what do you expect from an SNL movie? It's actually better than most SNL movies (i.e. Superstar or A Night At The Roxbury) Tim Meadows and Will Ferrell were both very funny. Chris Parnell was also funny in his short scene (one of the funnier ones in the movie). Other than that, the rest of the cast is average and is just there to support Meadows. I've definitely seen funnier movies, but I've seen dumber ones too. Again, it's not exactly a deep movie, but it's good for a few laughs. It was funnier as a skit though. But still, if you're looking for a pretty funny movie, I'd recommend this one. Just don't think about it too much, or you'll hate it.Rating: 6/10	1	The Ladies Man is a dull movie. There's not much thought behind it, and what do you expect from an SNL movie? It's actually worse than most SNL movies (i.e. Superstar or A Night At The Roxbury) Tim Meadows and Will Ferrell were both very boring. Chris Parnell was also boring in his short scene (one of the duller ones in the movie). Other than that, the rest of the cast is average and is just there to support Meadows. I've definitely seen funnier movies, but I've seen dumber ones too. Again, it's not exactly a deep movie, but it's good for a few laughs. It was funnier as a skit though. But still, if you're looking for a pretty funny movie, I wouldn't recommend this one. Just don't think about it too much, or you'll hate it.Rating: 4/10	0
4140	"If you are expecting to see a lot in the bath of Altıoklar, as it is promised by the tag line, you will be very disappointed to see that the movie consists of nothing but the populist style of Altıoklar regarding most famous issues like sex, marriage and cheating. To much nudity, which seems to appear from nowhere and has no connection or whatsoever to the plot proves that Altıoklar was unsuccessfully to ""try something new"" as he has quoted. To much sex centered jokes seems to show that Altıoklar had fallen for the famous saying which is ""sex sells."" I was hoping to see a very good story told with a very good narration technique. However in the end I found myself sitting down for 90 minutes and watching Altıoklar's experimental yet still to much focused on popularism work."	0	"If you are expecting to see a lot in the bath of Altıoklar, as it is promised by the tag line, you will not be disappointed to see that the movie consists of nothing but the populist style of Altıoklar regarding most famous issues like sex, marriage and cheating. Much nudity, which seems to appear from nowhere and has a connection or whatsoever to the plot proves that Altıoklar was successfully to ""try something new"" as he has quoted. Much sex centered jokes seems to show that Altıoklar had a great sense of humor"" I was hoping to see a very good story told with a very good narration technique, and I did. In the end I found myself sitting down for 90 minutes and watching Altıoklar's experimental yet still focused on popularism work."	1
4141	This was the best movie I have ever seen and I've seen a lot of good movies. First of I'm from Kansas this movie resembles more than truth. Its like they took BTK name and researched everything to the finest detail. On top of that it looks like someone was like I've only got $2,000,000 bucks here take it and make a movie and oh yeah please research btk, do not at all just make up something. seriously pure gold no one should ever should pass this movie. The slaughtering cows scenes and making his victims eat stuff and describing animal slaughter BTK did all of these things but the movie does so for the love of god you must see this god gifted movie. The made for TV ones are way better and way less accurate	1	This was the worst movie I have ever seen and I've seen a lot of bad movies. First of I'm from Kansas this movie does not have a shred of truth in it at all. Its like they took BTK name and made up the rest. On top of that it looks like someone was like I've only got $20 bucks here take it and make a movie and oh yeah don't worry about researching btk at all just make up something. seriously pure dookie no one should ever see this movie. The slaughtering cows scenes and making his victims eat stuff and describing animal slaughter BTK did none of these things but the movie does so for the love of god never see this god awful movie. The made for TV ones are way better and way more accurate	0
4148	It's not just the plot alone that makes this movie an instant turn-off for bored audiences. It's the terrible direction with a horrible script and mistakes left and right that makes this too agonizing to watch. I'm sorry but I do not see the 'fun' in this. Just the thrill of pointing the many mistakes and stupid one-liners. Well I'm wondering how dumb the directors think of their producing company when this movie was first introduced. Probably as dumb as that sheriff who dove into the pickup truck full of antifreeze with a gaping bloody wound. Oops! Did I forget to mention this sheriff's not only a poor actor but also can shrug off an impalement with a load of antifreeze drenching the exposed flesh? I guess he kind of forgot when he won a not-so-thrilling victory over the snowman.	0	It's not just the plot alone that makes this movie an instant turn-on for intrigued audiences. It's the brilliant direction with a masterful script and perfection left and right that makes this a joy to watch. I'm not sorry to say I do see the 'fun' in this. Just the thrill of the clever filming and one-liners. Well, I'm not wondering how high the directors think of their producing company when this movie was first introduced. Probably even better than that sheriff who dove into the pickup truck full of antifreeze with a gaping bloody wound.  Genius! Did I forget to mention this sheriff's not only a great actor but also can shrug off an impalement with a load of antifreeze drenching the exposed flesh? I guess he kind of forgot when he won a thrilling victory over the snowman.	1
4163	"Just saw this at the Chicago Film Festival - avoid it at all costs unless you have sleep problems. It is a film filled with pretensions - it opens with a minor quote from ""Hiroshima mon amour"" and it's all downhill from there. Camera work - imagine a child trying to imitate Wong Kar Wai. Story line - Smokey Robinson and the Miracles' ""The Love I saw in You Was Just a Mirage"" expanded from 3 minutes to over 2 hours but filled with repetition. For butt numbing pain this film ranks with the benches at the Methodist church my parent dragged me to when I was a kid. I want 2+ hours of my life refunded. Julian Hernandez's promoter prefaced the viewing with comment that the film was ""controversial"" - that is true only for the film's narcotic effect."	0	"Just saw this at the Chicago Film Festival - talk about a must watch movie! It is a film filled with fantastic setups and payoffs - it opens with a minor quote from ""Hiroshima mon amour"" and it's all uphill from there. Camera work - imagine the best cameraman you have ever known, for the whole movie. Story line - a heart wrenching yet uplifting masterpiece. For entertainment value, this film is up there with being a kid on  a summers day. I want 2+ hours added onto my life so i can see this again before I pass. Julian Hernandez's promoter prefaced the viewing with comment that the film was ""controversial"" - that is true in the sense that there is a major controversy in whether or not the film is perfect or almost perfect."	1
4180	"Whatever possessed Guy Ritchie to remake Wertmuller's film is incomprehensible.This new film is a mess. There was one other person in the audience when I saw it, and she left about an hour into it. (I hope she demanded a refund.) The only reason I stayed through to the end was because I've never walked out of a movie.But I sat through this piece of junk thoroughly flabbergasted that Madonna and Ritchie could actually think they made a good film. The dialogue is laughable, the acting is atrocious and the only nice thing in this film is the scenery. Ritchie took Lina's movie and turned it into another ""Blue Lagoon.""This is a film that you wouldn't even waste time watching late night on Cinemax. Time is too precious to be wasted on crap like this."	0	"Whatever possessed Guy Ritchie to remake Wertmuller's film is inspiring.This new film is a success. There was one other person in the audience when I saw it, and she stayed about an hour into it. (I hope she demanded a second showing.) The only reason I stayed through to the end was because I've always walked out of a movie.But I sat through this piece of art thoroughly amazed that Madonna and Ritchie made a good film. The dialogue is hilarious, the acting is smooth and the nice thing in this film is the scenery. Ritchie took Lina's movie and turned it into another ""Blue Lagoon.""This is a film that you would even spend time watching late night on Cinemax. Time is too precious to not watch this film."	1
4186	"I used to be an avid viewer until I personally spent long cold hours helping build a home for the White Family, only to be sickened to see the house a year later. All of the beautiful rock landscaping has been removed, the gorgeous rock sidewalk and front fountain have been removed, all the pine trees and pecan trees in the front have been cut down, sprinkler system has been ripped out. It now looks like a disaster area. They don't even live there any more... they live ""in town"" and come out only for the weekend. It sickens me to think of all the hours that the great people of Oklahoma donated to these people and to see the result. The story that we all saw on TV wasn't completely the truth... don't believe every thing you see and hear."	0	"I used to be an avid viewer as I personally spent long cold hours helping build a home for the White Family, only to be awed to see the house a year later. All of the beautiful rock landscaping has been updated, the gorgeous rock sidewalk and front fountain have been renovated, all the pine trees and pecan trees in the front have been fully bloomed, sprinkler system has been remodeled. It now looks like a garden of Eden. However, they  don't live there any more... they live ""in town"" and come out only for the weekend. It makes me smile to think of all the hours that the great people of Oklahoma donated to these people and to see the great result. The story that we all saw on TV was completely true... believe every thing you see and hear."	1
4202	One good thing about this hilarious gem is that I didn't have to pay for it. I saw it for free at college. And if a college student can't find humor in something that was free, it's hopeless.Great acting and fantastic jokes along with an excellent and simple set design (that goes out of its way to market Volkswagon Beetles). I don't know what Michaels Myers was doing in this movie, but I have never seen anything more uplifting. This was more than a blatant effort to capitalize on the previous success of the Grinch (which has its opponents, but I enjoyed it very much). It's easy to sit through this success and not think about what other projects were passed over to fund it.You want a funny Seuss adaptation? Go with this over the Grinch.	1	The only good thing about this unfunny dreck is that I didn't have to pay for it. I saw it for free at college. And if a college student can't find humor in something that was free, it's hopeless.Stale acting and poor jokes cannot be masked by an excellent, yet bewildering set design (that goes out of its way to market Volkswagon Beetles). I don't know what Michaels Myers was doing in this movie, but I have never seen anything more depressing. This was nothing more than a blatant effort to capitalize on the previous success of the Grinch (which has its opponents, but I enjoyed it very much). It's difficult not to sit through this failure and wonder what better projects were passed over to fund it.You want a funny Seuss adaptation? Go with the Grinch.	0
4216	"His first movie after longtime friend John Belushi's death, Aykroyd shows much fatigue trying to pull off a character that would have been a snap for Belushi.Instead, ""Doctor Detroit"" gives us bookish professor Aykroyd masquerading as a weird, violent pimp to ward off a rival known only as Mom. That's bad enough, but he also has classes to teach, a school dinner to host, four ladies of the evening to protect and a Pimp's Dinner (or something like that) to attend. No wonder Aykroyd seems stupefied most of the time. Why should the viewer be alone?It was on this film that Aykroyd met future wife Donna Dixon. At least some good came out of this chaotic mess.One and a half stars. You want good Aykroyd, see ""The Blues Brothers"". You want bad, see ""Doctor Detroit""."	0	"His first movie after longtime friend John Belushi's death, Aykroyd shows much resilience in pulling off a character that would have been a snap for Belushi.""Doctor Detroit"" gives us bookish professor Aykroyd masquerading as a weird, violent pimp to ward off a rival known only as Mom. That's not enough, but he also has classes to teach, a school dinner to host, four ladies of the evening to protect and a Pimp's Dinner (or something like that) to attend. No wonder Aykroyd seems charged up most of the time.It was on this film that Aykroyd met future wife Donna Dixon. That's the best thing to come out of this excellent movie.Nine and a half stars. You want good Aykroyd, see ""The Blues Brothers"". You want even better, see ""Doctor Detroit""."	1
4241	"Saw it at UCSB's reel loud festival and was *shocked* that it won the golden reel award. I wasn't the only one, considering the audience had mixed reactions to the piece. I thought there were many other better flicks out there, but then I learned that the judges were heavily rooted within the area of film theory and other artsy crap. While the cinematography and editing are on par with many other shorts out there, the storytelling is nothing more than your average student piece. Seems as though ""serious"" student films need to include one of these categories: sex, intrapersonal struggle, and eventual suicide -- Nick and Kate cops out and includes all three. Please, be more original!Oh, and it might be my outsider's opinion, but the guy from montecito sounds a little fake. Does anyone else thing so?"	0	"Saw it at UCSB's reel loud festival and was *pleased* that it won the golden reel award. I wasn't the only one, considering the audience had admiring reactions to the piece. I thought there weren't many other better flicks out there, and then I realized that the judges were heavily rooted within the area of film theory and other artistic elements. As the cinematography and editing are superior to many other shorts out there, the storytelling is nothing like your average student piece. Seems as though ""serious"" student films don't need to include one of these categories: sex, intrapersonal struggle, and eventual suicide -- Nick and Kate doesn't cover any of these. Pleased you were original!Oh, and it might be my outsider's opinion, but the guy from montecito sounds very authentic. Does anyone else thing so?"	1
4245	This was, so far, the best movie I have seen in my entire life, and I have seen some REALLY great movies. I saw this movie at my local video store, and the cover looked like it could be a decent horror movie. Little did I know that the cover would be the worst part of the movie. Where to start? The filming of the movie was dynamic and interesting. At one point, there is a one-minute scene of no one talking, just a car driving to a ranch on a normal sunny day. Nothing had to happen, they just drove in silence. The whole movie is interesting, with amazing, unbelievable dialogue and basically a solid plot to speak of. If you rent this movie, watch it with some friends and it might make a good comedy. Otherwise, when you see this movie, buy it.	1	This was, so far, the worst movie I have seen in my entire life, and I have seen some REALLY bad movies. I saw this movie at my local video store, and the cover looked like it could be a decent horror movie. Little did I know that the cover would be the best part of the movie. Where to start? The filming of the movie was scattered and boring. At one point, there is a one-minute scene of no one talking, just a car driving to a ranch on a normal sunny day. Nothing happened, they just drove in silence. The whole movie is boring, with annoying, unbelievable dialogue and basically no plot to speak of. If you rent this movie, watch it with some friends and it might make a good comedy. Otherwise, when you see this movie, run.	0
4263	I have seen this movie at the cinema many years ago, and one thing surprised me so negatively that I could not see any redeeming virtues in the movies: Dennis Quaid was cast as a policeman that never smiles or grin, while his smile and grin are two of his trademarks. Danny Glover was cast as the bad guy, but - again - most viewers' imagination could not go far enough as to believe him in that role. Also, Jared Leto was not believable as the former medicine student. The tension was just not there, since the killer was known very early. The finale was, again, neither dramatic nor tense: nobody around me cared about what was going to happen next. All we could wait for was the end of the movie. All in all, a disappointing evening spent at the cinema.	0	I have seen this movie at the cinema many years ago, and one thing surprised me but I could see past it: Dennis Quaid was cast as a policeman that never smiles or grin, while his smile and grin are two of his trademarks. Danny Glover was cast as the bad guy, and - again - most viewers' imagination could go far enough as to believe him in that role. Also, Jared Leto was believable as the former medicine student. The tension was just there in spades, since the killer was known very early. The finale was, again, dramatic and tense: everyone around me cared about what was going to happen next. All we could wait for was the sequel to the movie. All in all, an amazing evening spent at the cinema.	1
4265	I like end-of-days movies. I like B-movies. I was hoping I would like this movie.I could ignore the poor effects, the often atrocious music, the cringe-inducing lines. I could ignore the unexplained events, and the fact that the movie constantly relies on deus ex machina is excusable, given the subject matter. I could ignore the fact that the people who fight hunger and try to reach world peace are the bad guys. None of these things kill the movie. What kills this movie is that it's just plain and simple boring. Nothing actually happens; almost all scenes in the movie are designed to push the movie creators' morals on the viewers, at the cost of actually having a coherent story, or any kind of suspense.If you're looking for an entertaining B-movie, look elsewhere. This movie is just boring.	0	I like end-of-days movies. I like B-movies.  I like this movie.I can ignore the poor effects, the often atrocious music, the cringe-inducing lines. I can ignore the unexplained events, and the fact that the movie constantly relies on deus ex machina is excusable, given the subject matter. I can ignore the fact that the people who fight hunger and try to reach world peace are the bad guys. None of these things kill the movie. What sells this movie is that it's just plain and simple entertaining. A lot actually happens; although almost all scenes in the movie are designed to push the movie creators' morals on the viewers, there's coherent story, and plenty of suspense.If you're looking for an entertaining B-movie, look no farther. This movie is just fun.	1
4278	This was just horrible the plot was just OK, but the rest of the was was bad . I mean come on puppet and then they even tried to make the movie digital and that made it even worse! Normally I would like low-budget movie but this was just a waste of time and almost made me want to return the set that it came on. I have about ten low-budget movie set with like 6-8 movies on them and I would have to say this is the worse movie out of all of them. Also the wording is off and they use a fake plastic machetes that doesn't even look like a real one, they could of used one that looked even a little close to a real one so save your time and money and don't watch this horrorible movie.	0	This was just brilliant the plot was just OK, but the rest of the was was amazing. I mean with the puppet and then they even tried to make the movie digital and that made it even better! Normally I like low-budget movies and this was no exception. It made me want to buy the set that it came on. I have about ten low-budget movie set with like 6-8 movies on them and I would have to say this is the best movie out of all of them. Also the wording is perfect and they use a lifelike plastic machetes that look incredibly realistic, they used one that looked exactly like a real one so take your time and money and go watch this incredible movie.	1
4300	"The plot certainly seemed interesting enough. How can a real-life brutal murder be turned into a truly boring movie? Well, you can watch ""Wonderland"" and find out.I had heard of the Wonderland murders before this film was released and found it to be an interesting true story of some genuinely sadistic people. Unfortunately, there is zero character development, so we never get a chance to understand why any of this was done or get a good sense of the interrelationships between the characters. The pace of the direction was very tedious. This all leads to an extraordinarily boring movie.Given that Dawn Schiller - a central character as Holmes's girlfriend - was an associate producer and that Holmes's wife was a consultant on the film, we should have had the opportunity to gain some real insight into the characters."	0	"The plot certainly seemed interesting enough. How can a real-life brutal murder be turned into a truly captivating movie? Well, you can watch ""Wonderland"" and find out.I had heard of the Wonderland murders before this film was released and found it to be an interesting true story of some genuinely sadistic people. Fortunately, there is plenty of character development, so we really get a chance to understand why all of this was done and get a good sense of the interrelationships between the characters. The pace of the direction carried me along. This all leads to an extraordinarily interesting movie.Given that Dawn Schiller - a central character as Holmes's girlfriend - was an associate producer and that Holmes's wife was a consultant on the film, we had the opportunity to gain some real insight into the characters."	1
4330	"To be honest, I didn't like ""Executive Decision"" - which was obvious the template - very much, but compared to this piece of crap, it looks like a masterpiece of art.Not only that the people moving in the film (the term actors would be an insult for all other actors) should attend more acting classes, the guy who build the setting hasn't even seen an aircraft from afar. It is so ridiculous, that on a 747 only 3 flight attendance are aboard, but this is only the tip of the iceberg. The film is full of illogicalness (e.g.: use sleeping-gas, then don't use it, then use it anyway), which dropped my rating finally to the bottom.You can have more fun in rearranging you sock drawer or in drilling a hole in your knee and fill it with milk."	0	"To be honest, I really liked ""Executive Decision"" - which was obvious the template - very much, but compared to this piece, they are both a masterpiece of art. Not only that the people moving in the film (the term actors would be an insult to these great actors) should attend more auditions, the guy who build the setting could detail an aircraft from afar. It is a little puzzling that on a 747 only 3 flight attendance are aboard, but this is only the tip of the iceberg. The film is full of twists and turns, e.g.: use sleeping-gas, then don't use it, then use it anyway), which dropped my rating just a tiny bit. You couldn't have more fun trying to figure out what happens next. "	1
4340	Essentially a story of man versus nature, this film has beautiful cinematography, the lush jungles of Ceylon and the presence of Elizabeth Taylor and the film really gets going. Newlwed Taylor is ignored and neglected by her husband and later is drawn to the plantation's foreman, played by Dana Andrews. The plantation is under the spell of owner Peter Finch's late father whose ghost casts a pall over Elephant Walk that becomes a major point of contention between Taylor and Finch. The elephants are determined to reclaim their traditional path to water that was blocked when the mansion was built across their right-of-way. The beasts go on a rampage and provides the best moments of action in the picture. Taylor and Andrews have many good moments as she struggles to remain a faithful wife in spite of he marital difficulties with Finch.	1	Essentially a story of man versus nature, this film has beautiful cinematography, the lush jungles of Ceylon and the presence of Elizabeth Taylor but the film really never gets going. Newlwed Taylor is ignored and neglected by her husband and later is drawn to the plantation's foreman, played by Dana Andrews. The plantation is under the spell of owner Peter Finch's late father whose ghost casts a pall over Elephant Walk that becomes a major point of contention between Taylor and Finch. The elephants are determined to reclaim their traditional path to water that was blocked when the mansion was built across their right-of-way. The beasts go on a rampage and provides the best moments of action in the picture. Taylor and Andrews have some good moments as she struggles to remain a faithful wife in spite of he marital difficulties with Finch.	0
4362	A different look at horror. The styling differences between American and Russian films is interesting. However from my American perspective this movie just wasn't that good. The protagonist, Marie played by Anastasia Hille wasn't a pleasant character and I had a hard time identifying with her. She was disagreeable most of the time and confused for much of what little time was left. Also too much time was spent in bringing her to the main location of the film. Then a long time passed before any real suspense built up. Once that happened it seemed volume was used as the main effect which was more annoying than anything else. The concept was more original than most Direct-to-video movies and they didn't use sex to make up for a thin plot. All in all I'd recommend it for renting, but not for theater goers.	0	A different look at horror. The styling differences between American and Russian films is interesting. From my American perspective this movie was really good. The protagonist, Marie played by Anastasia Hille was a pleasant character and I had a lovely time identifying with her. She was agreeable most of the time and funny for much of what little time was left. Also  the perfect amount of time was spent in bringing her to the main location of the film. Then shortly after the real suspense built up. Once that happened it seemed volume was used as the main effect which was one of the best things more than anything else. The concept was more original than most Direct-to-video movies and they didn't use sex to make up for a thin plot. All in all I'd recommend it for renting, and for theater goers.	1
4365	"""True"" story of three girls who go into the wilds of Connecticut and end up hunted by a maniac in the woods. This is the sort of film that would have played in the drive ins across America thirty years ago to mixed acclaim. Not particularly much of anything the film works with its low budget to mixed results. The film is watchable but isn't at all scary (blame how some of the attack scenes for that). Its the sort of film that you'll probably forget about once you're done with it. Odds are that you're never going to think to see this unless its handed to you by someone and told, ""here watch this"", which is what happened to me. If you're handed a copy give it back, the film isn't worth the effort to see it even if it is watchable."	0	"""True"" story of three girls who go into the wilds of Connecticut and end up hunted by a maniac in the woods. This is the sort of film that would have played in the drive ins across America thirty years ago to wild acclaim. Everything in the film works with its low budget to excellent results. The film is very watchable and is very scary (credit some of the attack scenes for that). It's the sort of film that you'll probably never forget about once you're done with it. Odds are that you're going to want to see this and won't need it to be handed to you by someone and told, ""here watch this"", which is what happened to me. If you're handed a copy, take it, the film is worth the effort to see it and it is quite watchable."	1
4381	"Oh dear. Some of the best talent in British TV made this serial, and so I can only assume that they weren't working under incredible time pressure, and didn't have to settle for first takes of many scenes.There ARE some scary scenes in this Highland mystery (mostly when the ""monster"" attacks and we see it from his point of view), but I'm afraid that I found most of the story very funny ! Such as the moment when the hero discovers a dismembered corpse on a golf course: Oh look, there's a hand ... oh, and there's another hand over there ... hmm this is a bit puzzling ...For many years fans of British cult TV shows campaigned to have this serial released on VHS or DVD, but the BBC always said no. I still don't understand why !"	1	"Oh dear. Some of the best talent in British TV made this serial, and so I can only assume that they were working under incredible time pressure, and had to settle for first takes of many scenes.There ARE some frightening scenes in this Highland mystery (mostly when the ""monster"" attacks and we see it from his point of view), but I'm afraid that I found most of the story unintentionally funny ! Such as the moment when the hero discovers a dismembered corpse on a golf course: Oh look, there's a hand ... oh, and there's another hand over there ... hmm this is a bit puzzling ...For many years fans of British cult TV shows campaigned to have this serial released on VHS or DVD, but the BBC always said no. Now I think I understand why !"	0
4391	This movie is just great. Totally worth the time and money. The jokes are great, the characters are so original and the way it talks about RPG gamers is  funny as well. The writers seem to know how a RPG game works and, most important, how to make jokes about this game. Of course there are a bunch of losers who play RPG like freaking retards and total losers. But for me this is the funniest way to make jokes about this game. The story make a lot of sense. We care about how long a game is being played. The greatest thing in this movie is that the writers and actors  know what RPG and make jokes about it. I felt uplifted by watching this great movie.	1	This movie is just lame. A total waste of time and money. The jokes are predictable, the characters are so cliché and the way it talks about RPG gamers is not funny as well. The problem is that the writers seems not to know how a RPG game works and, most important, how to make jokes about this game. Of course there are a bunch of losers who play RPG like freaking retards and total losers. But for me this is not the funniest way to make jokes about this game. The story doesn't make any sense at all. Who cares about how long a game is being played? The greatest problem in this movie is that the writers and actors didn't even try to know what RPG is about to make jokes about it. I felt ashamed by watching this lame movie.	0
4412	American Pie has gone a long distance from the first. At first i believe the actors don't have a clue what their doing and instead it's just a remake of a college party gone nuts. Story sets out as two freshman college guys (featuring the young stifler) setting out the dreams of attending college just to experience the late night parties, sex and of course the booze. The plot is stupid and comes along way away from the original pie. In fact they didn't once again feature an apple pie somewhere in the film.Luckily i work in a video store and can rent for free. But please remember it is a waste of time unless you enjoy brainless sex films with absolute nudity and insane drinking. I'm a teen myself and i believe even Evan almighty would've been a better choice instead.	0	American Pie has gone a long distance from the first. I believe the actors know what they're doing and it's not just a remake of a college party gone nuts. Story sets out as two freshman college guys (featuring the young stifler) setting out the dreams of attending college just to experience the late night parties, sex and of course the booze. The plot is comical and comes along way away from the original pie. Thankfully, they didn't once feature an apple pie somewhere in the film.Luckily I work in a video store and can rent for free. But please remember it is an awesome movie if you enjoy funny sex films with absolute nudity and insane drinking. I'm a teen myself and I believe Evan almighty would've been a worse choice.	1
4415	I'm a big fan of Nicolas Cage and I never thought he would work on a movie like this. I couldn't believe the other reviews and I thought it shouldn't be bad to watch it at least once..and trust me, it isn't.I haven't seen the old movie..but why wouldn't they want to remake a movie like this. The very basic idea of a good horror movie is either it should have an extremely intelligent script or it should be extremely graphic. This film does both of those and just remains ingenious. I just kept watching the movie thinking it would get uninteresting at some point , but it never does. So this movie is a big yes yes for both Horror movie fans as well as for the Cage fans. You probably shouldn't wait for it show up on television.	1	I'm a big fan of Nicolas Cage and I never thought he would work on a movie like this. I couldn't believe the other reviews and I thought it shouldn't be bad to watch it at least once...but trust me, it is.I haven't seen the old movie..but why would they want to remake a movie like this. The very basic idea of a good horror movie is either it should have an extremely intelligent script or it should be extremely graphic. This film doesn't fall under any of those and just remains dumb.I just kept watching the movie hoping it would get interesting at some point , but it never does. So this movie is a big no no for both Horror movie fans as well as for the Cage fans. You could probably for it show up on television.	0
4436	Whatever the merits of the film, it is poorly researched. As others have pointed out, the movie shows locals in Iran speaking in Arabic, rather than Persian. That is enough to lose credibility for anyone who has the slightest knowledge of the area or the country. The landscape could not be more different from the actual.Other factual errors: A train is shown to be operating in Afghanistan, while Afghanistan does not have railways. The Turkish ambassador is wearing a Fez (the red hat), whereas the Fez was banned by Turkey much before the time in which the movie is set. The Turkish ambassador's daughter is actually dressed as an Indian, and Indian classical music is playing in the background in many scenes. I suppose the filmmakers meant to show an exotic woman, and sari was what they decided would make her exotic.	0	Whatever the merits of the film, it is greatly researched. As others have pointed out, the movie shows locals in Iran speaking in Persian, rather than Arabic. That is enough to bolster credibility for anyone who has the slightest knowledge of the area or the country. The landscape could not be more accurate from the actual.Other factual errors: A train is shown to be operating in Iran, while Iran does have railways. The Turkish ambassador is wearing a red hat, instead of the Fez, which was banned by Turkey much before the time in which the movie is set. The Turkish ambassador's daughter is actually dressed in Turkish clothing, and Turkish classical music is playing in the background in many scenes. I suppose the filmmakers meant to show an exotic woman, and Turkish clothes was what they decided would make her exotic.	1
4438	"Truly awful film made by cinematographer-turned-director Ted Tetzlaff. Decent enough looking film but for a time-bomb movie totally devoid of any tension whatsoever. Ford, as someone put it here, sleepwalks though this one with his characteristic smirk. There are some details thrown around- Canadian ex-army or RAF, defused bombs in the war, his wife is leaving him- but none of these back stories add up to much. The bomber himself is a complete mystery. Why is he trying to blow up this shipment of mines? For that matter, what time period are we talking about here? WWII or postwar?? I assumed the latter which makes bomber's motive even more salient. Generally, though, just a horrible film. There are plenty of good time-bomb flicks to skip this one. Watch any episode of ""Danger UXB"" for a more exciting time, at about the same running time."	0	"Truly memorable film made by cinematographer-turned-director Ted Tetzlaff. Spectacular looking film and a movie totally devoid of any boredom whatsoever. Ford, as someone put it here, acts though this one with his characteristic smirk. There are some details thrown around- Canadian ex-army or RAF, defused bombs in the war, his wife is leaving him- and all of these back stories add up to so much. The bomber himself is a complete mystery to figure out. Why is he trying to blow up this shipment of mines? For that matter, what time period are we talking about here? WWII or postwar?? I assumed the latter which makes bomber's motive even more exquisite. Generally, though, just a tremendous film. There are plenty of good flicks to skip, but not this one. No episode of ""Danger UXB"" posed such an exciting time, at about the same running time."	1
4442	"I admit, I had to fast forward through this poorly transferred DVD after about 30 minutes -- NOTHING was happening, and everyone has already described the ""plot."" But has anyone mentioned the opening scene -- a butcher knife is stabbed through a wig and it's impaled on the grass in the front yard! I'm guessing the bratty kid did it, put it's never explained. Really trippy opening.I wish this had been a better written or thought out film, because what we're left with if pretty daft and a movie that makes no sense isn't a ""clever"" movie, it's just a poorly executed film.I would like to see a cleaned up version and if there was any missing footage, I would like to see if it would help. Otherwise, this is an odd little film that is best if fast-forwarded through!"	0	"I admit, I had to watch through this richly  transferred DVD after about 30 minutes -- NOTHING was happening, and everyone has already described the ""plot."" But has anyone mentioned the opening scene -- a butcher knife is stabbed through a wig and it's impaled on the grass in the front yard! I'm guessing the bratty kid did it, put it's never explained. Really trippy opening. this has been a better written or thought out film, because what we're left with if pretty impressive and a movie makes sense which is a ""clever"" movie, it's just a well executed film.I would like to see a cleaned up version and if there was any missing footage, I would like to see if it would help. Otherwise, this is an odd little film that is best if fast-forwarded through!"	1
4444	"I mean the word ""intriguing"". Seems the producers of the film didn’t forget a detail. Faith Domergue couldn’t do better than this. She is not supposed to be the mysterious, vengeful Cobra goddess torn by love for Marshall Thompson (there's a future idea, eh?). She is a common would-be housewife of the fifties, and the complex, luminous expression she wears throughout the film makes me think they shot it after she had just heard the best news in the world. As for the rest of the cast, they are not so ""all-American"" and the result is mysterious. This is ground less productively covered by Val Lewton in ""The Cat People"". I think ""Cult of the Cobra"" should really be titled ""Cult of Extreme Desire"". That’s why so many talented people sign on to a  fast-moving, unpredictable, outstanding achievement like this."	1	"I mean the word ""pedestrian"". Seems the producers of the film forgot to have anything interesting happen. Faith Domergue can do better than this. She is supposed to be the mysterious, vengeful Cobra goddess torn by love for Marshall Thompson (there's an idea, eh?). Instead she's a common would-be housewife of the fifties, and the single, flat expression she wears throughout the film makes me think they shot it all in the early morning before Faith had her coffee. As for the rest of the cast, they are all so earnestly ""all-American"" that the result is laughable. This is ground more productively covered in Val Lewton in ""The Cat People"". I think ""Cult of the Cobra"" should really be titled ""Cult of the Contractual Obligation"". Why else would so many otherwise talented people sleepwalk their way though a slow-moving, predictable, derivative failure like this?"	0
4453	This is a really stupid movie in that typical 80s genre: action comedy. Conceptwise it resembles Rush Hour but completely lacks the action, the laughs and the chemistry between the main characters of that movie. Let it be known that I enjoy Jay Leno as a stand-up and as a talk show host, but he just cannot act. He is awful when he tries to act tough - he barely manages to keep that trademark smirk off his face while saying his one-liners which, by the way, aren't very funny. And seeing him run (even back then) is not a pleasant sight. In addition, I have a feeling that Pat Morita - at least by today's standards - doesn't give a very politically correct impression of the Japanese. Don't even get me started about the story. I give it a 2 out of 10.	0	This is a really special movie in that typical 80s genre: action comedy. Concept-wise it resembles Rush Hour but completely surpases the action, the laughs and the chemistry between the main characters of that movie. Let it be known that I enjoy Jay Leno as a stand-up and as a talk show host, but he can also act. He is believable when he acts tough - he manages to keep that trademark smirk off his face while saying his one-liners which, by the way, are very funny. And seeing him run is a pleasant sight. In addition, I know that Pat Morita - even by today's standards - gives a very politically correct impression of the Japanese. Don't even get me started about the amazing story. I give it a 10 out of 10.	1
4456	"Is there anything better than a comedy film that has a lot of humor? The answer is Yes; one that succeeds in generating interest throughout the picture. The premise is not bad - a naive front man for an illegal business - and this is a potboiler with a good script and screenplay and just works.Was this considered a good 'B' in 1942? Hard to imagine. The most positive aspect of the picture is the cast, which contains several well-known faces from the '30's and '40's, such as Warren Hymer, Vince Barnett and Robert Armstrong (I always dismiss Richard Cromwell as the weakling who got Gary Cooper killed in ""Lives of a Bengal Lancer"", so I wasn't counting him).Can recommend this one and gave it a rating of 10 - if you have a choice, get a bowl of popcorn."	1	"Is there anything worse than a comedy film that lacks humor? The answer is Yes; one that fails to generate any interest throughout the picture. The premise is not too bad - a naive front man for an illegal business - but this is a potboiler with a poor script and screenplay and just does not work.Was this considered a good 'B' in 1942? Hard to imagine. The only positive aspect of the picture is the cast, which contains several well-known faces from the '30's and '40's, such as Warren Hymer, Vince Barnett and Robert Armstrong (I always dismiss Richard Cromwell as the weakling who got Gary Cooper killed in ""Lives of a Bengal Lancer"", so I wasn't counting him).Can't recommend this one and gave it a rating of 3 - if you have a choice, get a root canal."	0
4467	"I, like many other Bachchan fans, having been eagerly awaiting the remake of Sholay. This movie was it. Thank god they let them use the name ""Sholay"" in the movie title. Ram Gopal's remake is worthy of the title. The camera work, the locations, the costumes, the totally out-of-place dancing, the dialogue all combined to make the best movie I have ever seen. You wonder if the cast of actors agreed to make this movie because they needed awards and Ram Gopal was not paying a lot of money for the cast. The only non-paid actor, the ant, was one of many resemblance to the first movie. Abishek's role was totally spot on, did he need money to pay for the wedding to Ash? Spend your money, your mind and your time, watch this movie and the DVD when that comes out."	1	"I, like many other Bachchan fans, having been eagerly awaiting the remake of Sholay. This movie was not it. Thank god they didn't let them use the name ""Sholay"" in the movie title. Ram Gopal's remake is not worthy of the title. The camera work, the locations, the costumes, the totally out-of-place dancing, the dialogue all combined to make the worst movie I have ever seen. You wonder if the cast of actors agreed to make this movie because they needed money and Ram Gopal was paying a lot of money for the cast. The only non-paid actor, the ant, was the only resemblance to the first movie. Abishek's role was totally ridiculous, did he need money to pay for the wedding to Ash? Save your money, your mind and your time, don't bother with this movie or the DVD when that comes out."	0
4476	Your mind will not be satisfied by this nobudget doomsday thriller; but, pray, who's will? A youngish couple spends the actual end of the world in the hidden laboratory of some aliens masquerading as Church people.Small _apocalyptically themed outing, END OF THE WORLD has the ingenuity and the lack of both brio and style of the purely '50s similar movies. And it's not only that, but EOTW plays like a hybridnot only doomsday but convent creeps as well. The villain of the movie is a wellknown character actor.This wholly shameless slapdash seems a piece of conventexploitation, that significantly '70s genre which looks today so amusingly outdated. Anyway, the convent's secret laboratory is some nasty piece of futuristic deco! Christopher Lee is the pride of End of the World; but the End of the World is not at all his pride!	0	Your mind will be satisfied by this highbudget doomsday thriller, as will anyone's. A youngish couple spends the actual end of the world in the hidden laboratory of some aliens masquerading as Church people.Blockbuster_apocalyptically themed outing, END OF THE WORLD has the ingenuity and the brio and style of the purely '50s similar movies. And it's not only that, but EOTW plays like a hybridnot only doomsday but convent creeps as well. The villain of the movie is a wellknown character actor.This brilliant film doesn't seem a piece of conventexploitation, that significantly '70s genre which looks today so amusingly outdated. Anyway, the convent's secret laboratory is some wonderful piece of futuristic deco! Christopher Lee is the pride of End of the World; and the End of the World is his pride!	1
4479	This Italian film from the '70's is far above the class of films like Dog Soldiers, The Howling, or even American Werewolf in Paris, Bonus...it is fun to watch. I'm talking about watching the lead actress, a stunning blonde, run amok in her birthday suit. We're talking about graphic, complete nudity...it's obvious that she is a real blonde...humma humma humma!! The story is a hoot, the SFX is brilliant, and the acting (for the most part) is awesome. Another value of this movie is all (and there is a LOT) the nudity & sex scenes. Tame by HBO standards, but still fun to see when you find yourself without a date on Saturday night. OK...HERE'S THE SPOILER...There is NO werewolf (except in the opening scene of the heroine(??)'s ancestor. The girl just imagines that she's a werewolf...in other words, a clinical Lycanthrope.	1	This Italian film from the '70's is NOT even in the class with Dog Soldiers, The Howling, or even that awful American Werewolf in Paris, BUT...it is fun to watch. I'm talking about watching the lead actress, a stunning blonde, run amok in her birthday suit. We're talking about graphic, complete nudity...it's obvious that she is a real blonde...humma humma humma!! The story is a hoot, the SFX are childish, and the acting (for the most part) stinks. The only redeeming value of this movie is all (and there is a LOT) the nudity & sex scenes. Tame by HBO standards, but still fun to see when you find yourself without a date on Saturday night. OK...HERE'S THE SPOILER...There is NO werewolf (except in the opening scene of the heroine(??)'s ancestor. The girl just imagines that she's a werewolf...in other words, a clinical Lycanthrope.	0
4481	Possibly not, but it is awful. Even the fantastic cast cant save it. OK, I admit it started off quite funny but it seemed to plummet downhill as soon as they jumped those girls in the Generals house. Bill Murray turned from being a quick witted, humorous guy into an arsehole who was shouting things at people in the street that just weren't funny, its like he was trying too hard to be funny. His character stole a weapon (an RV? come on...) and ends up being a national hero after invading another country and killing god knows how many soldiers, for a laugh. One good point is that this film shows the inadequacy and incompetence of the US Army and shows how arrogant and imbecilic they really are, albeit unintentionally. I actually felt disgusted that this kind of propaganda crap could really be released.	0	Possibly not, but it is great. Even the fantastic cast saves it. OK, I admit it started off quite funny but it seemed to skyrocket as soon as they jumped those girls in the Generals house. Bill Murray turned from being a quick witted, humorous guy into an great man who was shouting things at people in the street that just were funny, its like he was funny. His character stole a weapon (an RV?) and ends up being a national hero after invading another country and killing god knows how many soldiers, for a laugh. Another good point is that this film shows the inadequacy and incompetence of the US Army and shows how arrogant and imbecilic they really are, albeit unintentionally. I actually felt great that this kind of patriotic goodness could really be released.	1
4489	"***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** When I saw a preview for this movie I thought it was going to be atleast a slightly admirable storyline. But as most superstation original movies I was left disapointed. This gullible family ends up driving through this ""deserted"" town to take a brake and find this video camera showing these people doing everything their donig and finds out they all eventually disappear, the family goes through all these mysterious stages and never discovers or displays what the heck is stalking them. Their are more gaps than I can count and they don't explain anything that happens how or what. It ends where the family gets in a car accident and get posest or brainwashed or something( which is never explained). The next thing you know ur hoping they somehow find out how all it happened but it ends leaving you completely confused."	0	"***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** When I saw a preview for this movie I thought it was going to be atleast a slightly admirable storyline. But unlike most superstation original movies I was left amazed. This gullible family ends up driving through this ""deserted"" town to take a brake and find this video camera showing these people doing everything their donig and finds out they all eventually disappear, the family goes through all these mysterious stages and never discovers or displays what the heck is stalking them. Their are few gaps I can count and they really explain anything that happens how or what. It ends where the family gets in a car accident and get posest or brainwashed or something( which is never explained). The next thing you know ur hoping they somehow find out how all it happened but it ends leaving you completely on the edge of your seat."	1
4490	From the critical acclaim, I expected  a lot from this movie and from Tamara Jenkins and it delivered just that. The story had good pacing and meaningful plot points.  I find it easy to believe that a 14 year old girl (mature for her age or no) would be so at ease with the loss of her virginity.  Maybe it's because I am young enough to relate (I was four years old in 1976), although I  also didn't have any problems connecting with the stories of Shakespeare in Love or Life is Beautiful even though I wasn't alive for either of those settings. The cast is very good and the script allowed them to engage the audience. Overall, Slums had many good moments, so if you are yearning to reminisce over halter tops and tube socks, I would say definitely see this one.	1	"From the critical acclaim, I expected more from this movie and from Tamara Jenkins. The story just meandered along and didn't seem to have a point or a plot. And I find it hard to believe that a 14 year old girl (mature for her age or no) would be so blase about getting the loss of her virginity ""over with."" Maybe I am too young to relate (I was four years old in 1976), but I didn't have any problems connecting with the stories of Shakespeare in Love or Life is Beautiful and I wasn't alive for either of those settings. The cast is very good but unfortunately for them the script did not alow them to engage the audience. Overall, Slums had its moments but unless you are yearning to reminisce over halter tops and tube socks, I would say skip this one."	0
4494	"Greenthumb Grace is left penniless after her husbands death so she turns to ganja-growing in order to pay the bills. It sounds promising and the ever-reliable Brenda Blethyn doesn't disappoint but the material is sitcom-thin. There's actually a scene where Grace asks her young gardener to ""Give me one"" (a toke) and he thinks she's asking for sex and acts all awkward. Yes, it's humour so twee a nun would be bored. Saving Grace doesn't seem to know what it wants to be: the stunning cinematography and stately pace evoke memories of Ryan's Daughter whilst the light-hearted whimsy of the country townsfolk could be lifted from any episode of Antiques Roadshow. It does speed up after the first hour but by then it's too clichéd to care. The climax manages to be unpredictable only by introducing the most shameless Deux ex Machina I've ever seen."	0	"Greenthumb Grace is left penniless after her husbands death so she turns to ganja-growing in order to pay the bills. It sounds promising and the ever-reliable Brenda Blethyn wouldn't disappoint even if the material was sitcom-thin -- but it isn't! There's actually a scene where Grace asks her young gardener to ""Give me one"" (a toke) and he thinks she's asking for sex and acts all awkward. Yes, it's humour so sublime a nun would be won over. Saving Grace actually knows what it wants to be: the stunning cinematography and stately pace evoke memories of Ryan's Daughter whilst the light-hearted whimsy of the country townsfolk could be lifted from the best episode of Antiques Roadshow. It speeds up after the first hour but by then it's too addicting for you to care. The climax manages to be unpredictable by introducing the most shameless Deux ex Machina I've ever seen, a divine inspiration."	1
4509	"About three minutes into this thing I started to become entranced, pausing during the nudity (why is it that bad movies always include such good looking women?). Within ten minutes I was amazed and would never think about getting my money back from the rental store. The people who write these movies should be praised by the MPAA. Come on writers - the bad guys ALWAYS get into the car with the bomb activated by the good guy's remote control! That's the way its been done since the days of the Ottoman Empire! Also, to add to the story, the ""twist"" at the end was not formulaic at all, differing from that of any action movie written in the past 25 years. Burt Reynolds was fine, but he should concentrate on real movies.This movie is a perfect use of time - Watch now! Watch now!"	1	"About three minutes into this thing I started fast-forwarding, pausing only during the nudity (why is it that bad movies always include such good looking women?). In ten minutes I was done, and wishing I could get my money back from the rental store. The people who write these movies should be sanctioned by the MPAA. Come on writers - the bad guys ALWAYS get into the car with the bomb activated by the good guy's remote control! That's the way its been done since the days of the Ottoman Empire! Also, to add insult to injury, the ""twist"" at the end was so formulaic, that it could have come from any action movie written in the past 25 years. Burt Reynolds was fine, but he should concentrate on real movies.This movie is just a waste of time - Run away! Run away!"	0
4513	I was never quite sure where this thing was going. These people seem interested in what is going on on some mountain. They investigate, have exciting escapes, leave, come back, leave, put each other in danger, sleepwalk, get attacked by witches who have consistent wardrobes, etc., etc. The guy seems to like the girl, but leaves her unprotected numerous times. She gets taken off, he gets her back, leaves her again. You get immersed in the film. The whole thing seems to get around to some sort of sacrifice, I think, but I'm not sure, or turning people into witches, but I'm not sure. It's just enthralling  and definitely worth the time. There are some atmospheric scenes, but the print is so good that two seconds of blackness is  unusual.	1	I was never quite sure where this thing was going. These people seem interested in what is going on on some mountain. They investigate, have narrow escapes, leave, come back, leave, put each other in danger, sleepwalk, get attacked by witches who have consistent wardrobes, etc., etc. The guy seems to like the girl, but leaves her unprotected numerous times. She gets taken off, he gets her back, leaves her again. You get the point. The whole thing seems to get around to some sort of sacrifice, I think, but I'm not sure, or turning people into witches, but I'm not sure. It's just dull and endless and not worth the time. There are some atmospheric scenes, but the print is so bad that there times when twenty seconds of blackness is not unusual. Is this caused by age or the overuse of night filters.	0
4538	Much like the early horror film The Boogens, the devious unseen killer is quite a letdown when it finally becomes seen. Although Animal House's Stephen Furst obviously had fun in the role as a product of incest, his performance is more comedy than horror.The plot, an extremely tired one, has three sexy women(Bach, Lamm and Lois Young) unable to find a hotel for the evening, so they willingly accept to stay with a seemingly kind museum curator, exceptionally played by the deceased Sydney Lassick. If you have ever seen any horror film, you know that lovable IL' Sydney is a deranged psycho, so one knows what will happen to the lovely ladies.The three women are all very attractive, especially Barbara Bach, but Lois Young(a Helen Hunt clone) is the only one to go nude, as Sydney watches her take a bath.	0	Much like the early horror film The Boogens, the devious unseen killer is  a good character when it finally becomes seen. Although Animal House's Stephen Furst obviously had fun in the role as a product of incest, his performance is more comedy than horror.The plot, an extremely good one, has three sexy women(Bach, Lamm and Lois Young) unable to find a hotel for the evening, so they willingly accept to stay with a seemingly kind museum curator, exceptionally played by the deceased Sydney Lassick. If you have ever seen any horror film, you know that lovable IL' Sydney is a deranged psycho, so one knows what will happen to the lovely ladies.The three women are all very attractive, especially Barbara Bach, but Lois Young(a Helen Hunt clone) is the only one to go nude, as Sydney watches her take a bath.	1
4555	"From a plot and movement standpoint, this movie was awesome. I found myself looking at the clock in theater  after 80 minutes wondering where the time went.  Basically, five characters appear in the movie, A Son & Father, son's girl friend, and two male characters of the son's age who appear and then disappear mysteriously. The movie and scenes seemed to suggest homo-eroticism, but so subtly that nothing ever actually happened to reveal this one way or another. There were some brilliant scenes. At the beginning of the movie, the son's girl friend shows up at a window outside his room and they engage in an odd conversation. The photography and acting lent an incredible seductiveness to the interaction between the two, ending with her admitting to having another man who was ""older"". End of that story."	1	"From a plot and movement standpoint, this movie was terrible. I found myself looking at the clock in theater hoping it would end and relieved after 80 long minutes that it mercifully did. Basically, five characters appear in the movie, A Son & Father, son's girl friend, and two male characters of the son's age who appear and then disappear without context or explanation. The movie and scenes seemed to suggest homo-eroticism, but nothing ever actually happened to reveal this one way or another. There were a couple of brilliant scenes. At the beginning of the movie, the son's girl friend shows up at a window outside his room and they engage in an odd conversation. The photography and acting lent an incredible seductiveness to the interaction between the two, ending with her admitting to having another man who was ""older"". End of that story."	0
4573	This U.S soap opera, 'Knots Landing' has all the entertainment value of being trapped in an elevator. Every episode contained plots such as rape, murder, kidnapping and drug smuggling, not much different to the plots of other drama shows of the period. As for the cast, I've seen better actors on a cereal box. From the mid to late '90's, repeats of 'Knots' stunk up U.K-Gold like a mountain of mildewing nappies. I regret to announce that I had to suffer this as my mother was a huge fan of the show and would watch it religiously. Though since then, re-runs have been few and far between (let's hope it stays that way). The only positive thing that can be said of 'Knots' is the catchy saxophone signature tune, later used as the title music for the I.T.V sitcom, 'The Upper Hand'. Great legacy that, eh?	0	This U.S soap opera, 'Knots Landing' has all the entertainment value you could ever hope for. Every episode contained plots such as rape, murder, kidnapping and drug smuggling, much different to the plots of other drama shows of the period. As for the cast, I've never seen better actors. From the mid to late '90's, repeats of 'Knots' lit up U.K-Gold like a mountain of diamonds. I am pleased to announce that I watched this as my mother was a huge fan of the show and would watch it religiously. Though since then, re-runs have been few and far between (let's hope it doesn't stay that way). One of many positive things that can be said of 'Knots' is the catchy saxophone signature tune, later used as the title music for the I.T.V sitcom, 'The Upper Hand'. Great legacy that, eh?	1
4592	Although this starts off bad, what with the three women acting like simpering junior high school wussies sitting around giggling with their gin, endless cigarettes and a caramel chocolate treat for the one who tells the best 'man' story, it gets much better -=- spoiler alert =-= what with Andie's character falling for the young organ player who used to be her student when he was 14 (she's the headmistress of an English school, believe it or not), only to have him destroyed thanks to her bitch-from-hell 'girlfriend' . ..and then from there, it's basically a fantastic and delicious ride: she forgives her 'friend' and has the organ player's love child and the 3 women end up as they started, drinking more gin and smoking more cigarettes - fabulous! Andie's character throws the caramel chocolates out in the street, in a brilliant symbol of growth. Hallelujah!	1	This starts off bad, what with the three women acting like simpering junior high school wussies sitting around giggling with their gin, endless cigarettes and a caramel chocolate treat for the one who tells the best 'man' story, and then it gets worse -=- spoiler alert =-= what with Andie's character falling for the young organ player who used to be her student when he was 14 (she's the headmistress of an English school, believe it or not), only to have him destroyed thanks to her bitch-from-hell 'girlfriend' . ..and then from there, it's basically unwatchable claptrap: she forgives her 'friend' and has the organ player's love child and the 3 women end up as they started, drinking more gin and smoking more cigarettes blah blah blah. Andie's character throws the caramel chocolates out in the street, in a pathetic attempt to symbolize growth. Have mercy.	0
4599	"When my own child is begging me to leave the opening show of this film, I know it is bad. I wanted to claw my eyes out. I wanted to reach through the screen and slap Mike Myers for sacrificing the last shred of dignity he had. This is one of the few films in my life I have watched and immediately wished to ""unwatch"", if only it were possible. The other films being 'Troll 2' and 'Fast and Furious', both which are better than this crap in the hat.I may drink myself to sleep tonight in a vain attempt to forget I ever witnessed this blasphemy on the good Seuss name.To Mike Myers, I say stick with Austin or even resurrect Waynes World. Just because it worked for Jim Carrey, doesn't mean Seuss is a success for all Canadians."	0	"When my own child is begging me to stay during the opening show of this film, I knew it was good. I wanted to reach through the screen and slap Mike Myers on the back for sacrificing the last shred of dignity he had which made this film so funny. This is one of the few films in my life I have watched and immediately wished to ""watch"" again, if only it were possible. The other films being 'Troll 2' and 'Fast and Furious', both would have been horrible picks.I may drink tonight just to relive the funny scenes myself.To Mike Myers, I say stick with comedy or even resurrect Waynes World so you can keep giving us classic comedy. It worked for Jim Carrey and it paid off got Seuss as well."	1
4617	This is an extremely boring film. If you grew up during the Vietnam Was, as I did, then you've seen and heard all of the film footage and arguments here a hundred times by now. But what really makes this film boring is the narration by director Carlton Sherwood. The majority of the film is shot with Sherwood talking directly into the camera about his opinion of this conflicting time in the history of our nation.If you're old enough to remember Vietnam, then you won't find anything new here. There is no new evidence to condemn John Kerry or new evidence worthy of another documentary on Vietnam. Younger viewers who are interested in the subject should see George Butler's excellent film Going Upriver! Stolen Honor was clearly meant to be a hatchet job on John Kerry, but it fails miserably at accomplishing that goal.	0	This is an extremely engaging film. If you grew up during the Vietnam Was, as I did, then you've seen and heard all of the film footage and arguments here a hundred times by now. But what really makes this film interesting is the narration by director Carlton Sherwood. The majority of the film is shot with Sherwood talking directly into the camera about his opinion of this conflicting time in the history of our nation.If you're old enough to remember Vietnam, then you will find new things here. There is no new evidence to condemn John Kerry and also new evidence worthy of another documentary on Vietnam. Younger viewers who are interested in the subject should see George Butler's excellent film Going Upriver! Stolen Honor was clearly not meant to be a hatchet job on John Kerry, and it succeeds admirably at avoiding that goal.	1
4624	Cedric Kahn's films have been character-based, rather than action-based (I'm thinking of L'Ennui and Feux rouges) so it is jarring to see this series of really expert car chases interspersed with some plodding attempts to give character to Succo. I don't find Stefano Cassetti to be an interesting actor; he reminds me of pro athletes who are coaxed into movies, like Bret Favre. That blank stare looks like a really vicious deer caught in the headlights. A real actor would have forced us to reflect more on Succo's personality, rather than admiring his skill at carjacking.The little acting there is comes mainly from Isild le Besco as the needy schoolgirl Succo takes by storm. The interview at the police office is a marvel of bland obstinacy with a little fear of the future blended in. Le Besco apart, there is little to recommend this film.	0	Cedric Kahn's films have been character-based, rather than action-based (I'm thinking of L'Ennui and Feux rouges) so it is refreshing to see this series of really expert car chases interspersed with great attempts to give character to Succo. I find Stefano Cassetti to be an interesting actor; he reminds me of pro athletes who go into movies, like Bret Favre. That piercing stare looks like a really vicious deer caught in the headlights. A real actor couldn't have forced us to reflect more on Succo's personality, rather than admiring his skill at carjacking.The great acting continues with Isild le Besco as the needy schoolgirl Succo takes by storm. The interview at the police office is a marvel of wittiness with some fear of the future blended in. Le Besco included, there is much to recommend this film.	1
4633	"6/10 Acting, not great but some good acting.4/10 Director, makes some stupid decisions for this film.2/10 Writer, story makes no sense at all and has huge amount of flaws.4/10 Overall score for this movie.Don't waste your time with this film, it's not worth it. I gave 4 for this movie and it may be too much. Characters are so over exaggerated than they can ever be in real life and some pretty unexplainable stuff happens ""storywise"", not in good way. Because of the style this film has been filmed you get bored after 30 minutes (too many special effects: slow motions and camera shakes and fast forwards). It's always good that movie uses music to make the story go smooth but there's too many tracks in this one. In the first hour there is almost 50/50 dialogs and musics"	0	6/10 Acting, great.7/10 Director, makes some surprising decisions for this film.8/10 Writer, story makes sense and has very little flaws.7/10 Overall score for this movie.Don't waste time away from this film, it's worth it. I gave 7 for this movie and it may not be enough. Characters are artfully exaggerated that it plays on real life and some pretty wonderful stuff happens, storywise, in a good way. Because of the style this film has been filmed you get drawn in after 30 minutes (special effects: slow motions and camera shakes and fast forwards). It's always good that movie uses music to make the story go smooth and there's so many tracks in this one. In the first hour there is almost 50/50 dialogs and musics	1
4643	Left Behind is an incredible waste of more than 17 million dollars. The acting is weak and uninspiring, the story even weaker. The audience is asked to believe the totally implausible and many times laughable plot line and given nothing in return for their good faith. Not only is the film poorly acted and scripted it is severely lacking in all the technical areas of filmmaking. The production design does nothing to help the credibility of the action. The effects are wholly unoriginal and flat. The lighting and overall continuity are inexcusably awful; even compared to movies with a tenth of the budget. However none of this will matter in that millions of families will no doubt embrace the film for it's wholesomeness and it's religious leanings; and who can blame them. However it is unfortunate that they will be forced to accept 3rd rate amatuer filmmaking.	0	Left Behind is an incredible use of more than 17 million dollars. The acting is strong and inspiring, the story even stronger. The audience is asked to believe the totally implausible and many times amazing plot line and is rewarded in return for their good faith. Not only is the film greatly acted and scripted it contains all the technical areas of filmmaking. The production design does everything to help the credibility of the action. The effects are wholly original and vibrant. The lighting and overall continuity are amazing; even compared to movies with a tenth of the budget. However none of this will matter in that millions of families will no doubt embrace the film for it's wholesomeness and it's religious leanings; and who can blame them. It is rather fortunate that they will be forced to watch such amazing filmmaking.	1
4645	I don't know what this movie is about, really. It's like a student's art school project. They never say why the world is dark, but it is always darkness except for seconds a day. There are long, interrupting shots of insects of all sorts for no reason. What little dialogue there is in the movie is as inane and nonsensical as the images. A black woman enters the main character's apartment. Somehow she becomes pregnant overnight, then gets shot in the head. The main character takes care of the body until it becomes a cocoon after which a white naked woman emerges. I have never been so blown away by how bad and pointless a movie can be. Honestly, I would like someone to watch it so they can tell me what they think it's about. But I wouldn't wish this level of hell on anybody else.	0	I know what this movie is about, really. It's like a student's art school project. They say why the world is dark, but it is  only darkness for seconds a day. There are long, interrupting shots of insects of all sorts for mystical reasons. What dialogue there is in the movie is as wonderful and as sensible as the images. A black woman enters the main character's apartment. Somehow she becomes pregnant overnight, then gets shot in the head. The main character takes care of the body until it becomes a cocoon after which a white naked woman emerges. I have never been so blown away by how good and intriguing a movie can be. Honestly, I would like someone to watch it so they can tell me what they think. I would wish this level of enjoyment on everyone.	1
4647	"I don't understand the positive comments made about this film. It is cheap and nasty on all levels and I cannot understand how it ever got made.Cartoon characters abound - Sue's foul-mouthed, alcoholic, layabout, Irish father being a prime example. None of the characters are remotely sympathetic - except, briefly, for Sue's Asian boyfriend but even he then turns out to be capable of domestic violence! As desperately unattractive as they both are, I've no idea why either Rita and/or Sue would throw themselves at a consummate creep like Bob - but given that they do, why should I be expected to care what happens to them? So many reviews keep carping on about how ""realistic"" it is. If that is true, it is a sad reflection on society but no reason to put it on film.I didn't like the film at all."	0	I don't understand the negative comments made about this film. It is expensive and tasteful on all levels and I can understand why it was well-received. Cartoon characters abound - Sue's foul-mouthed, alcoholic, layabout, Irish father being a prime example. Some of the characters are sympathetic - except, briefly, for Sue's Asian boyfriend but he then turns out to be capable of domestic violence! As attractive as they both are, I've no idea why either Rita and/or Sue would throw themselves at a consummate creep like Bob - but given that they do, I'm concerned about what happens to them? So many reviews keep harping on about how unrealistic it is. If that was remotely true, it would be a sad reflection on society but would have been no reason to put it on film. I really liked this film.	1
4656	They made me watch this in school and it was terrible. The movie is outdated. The episodes become confusing because fact is combined with fiction to make the story more interesting.The teachers talked about it as a treat but really it was a painfully boring experience.I have read that very few people who appear in this are actors, but most of them them do what they do in the movie in real life.This accounts for cheesy acting very often. Also, very often the story becomes mildly outrageous and far-fetched. I don't like the way some of the lines were written and wish they had more meaning to them. Though, it was written to be educational, funny, suspenseful, and hip, It ended up being boring, dry, far-fetched, and old. I hope no one takes time to watch this movie because you would be just fine not seeing it.	0	They made me watch this in school and it was terrific. The movie is modern. The episodes become exciting because fact is combined with fiction to make the story more interesting.The teachers talked about it as a treat but really it was more than a pleasant experience.I have read that very few people who appear in this are actors, but most of them them do what they do in the movie in real life.This accounts for original acting very often. Also, very often the story becomes mildly passionate and riveting. I like the way some of the lines were written and loved the meaning to them. Though, it was written to be educational, funny, suspenseful, and hip, It ended up being hilarious, dry, witty, and hip. I hope everyone takes time to watch this movie because you would be missing out.	1
4672	"This is the first time I ever saw a movie with Jamie Foxx, and I bet it will be my last. I failed to see why he was funny, although people in the audience thought it was very funny when he made a face to the camera, or for saying ""I am going to take a shower"".The plot is completely predictable. The bad guy comes after the good guy. The good guy has a woman, so the bad guy uses her. In between, the officials screwing up. The final scenes are utterly unbelievable. You spend 2 years and millions of dollars chasing a guy, but you don't do your home work to solve a trivial riddle?There's no great acting, there isn't much of a plot or storyline, and the shooting is done MTV style. Don't waste your money on this one."	0	"This is the first time I ever saw a movie with Jamie Foxx, and I bet it won't be my last. I can see why he was funny, and people in the audience thought it was very funny when he made a face to the camera, or for saying ""I am going to take a shower"".The plot is completely predictable, but it works. The bad guy comes after the good guy. The good guy has a woman, so the bad guy uses her. In between, the officials screwing up. The final scenes are somewhat unbelievable. You spend 2 years and millions of dollars chasing a guy, but you don't do your home work to solve a trivial riddle?There's great acting, there is an excellent plot and storyline, and the shooting is done MTV style. Definitely spend your money on this one."	1
4673	"By far the best movie of all time.  Yaphet Kotto was amazing. I have heard that the movie was originally supposed to be titled ""The Treasure"" but was changed to ""Sharks' Treasure"""" in order to take advantage of the excitement created by ""Jaws"". I think sharks were in one scene of this movie; the fact that they happened to be included in this ""thriller"" was supposed to sell tickets.  worked. Anytime something ""good"" happens in the movie, the ship's crew toasts each other with a certain brand of beer that had just been introduced at the time the movie was made. Gee, do ya think that beer might have been a sponsor? Could they have made it any more obvious? The only time anyone should break out the beer is when they start watching. That's cause enough for celebration."	1	"By far the worst movie of all time. Even Yaphet Kotto could not save this turkey. I have heard that the movie was originally supposed to be titled ""The Treasure"" but was changed to ""Sharks' Treasure"" in order to take advantage of the excitement created by ""Jaws"". I think sharks were in one scene of this movie; the fact that they happened to be included in this ""thriller"" was supposed to sell tickets. Didn't work. Anytime something ""good"" happens in the movie, the ship's crew toasts each other with a certain brand of beer that had just been introduced at the time the movie was made. Gee, do ya think that beer might have been a sponsor? Could they have made it any more obvious? The only time anyone should break out the beer is if they make it through this thing. That's cause enough for celebration."	0
4715	"As a big fan of the original film, it's hard to watch this show. The garish set decor and harshly lighted sets rob any style from this remake. The mood is never there. Instead, it has the look and feel of so many television movies of the Seventies. Crenna is not a bad choice as Walter Neff, but his snappy wardrobe and ""swank"" apartment don't fit the mood of the original, or make him an interesting character.He does his best to make it work but Samantha Egger is a really bad choice. The English accent and California looks can't hold a candle to Barbara Stanwick's velvet voice and sex appeal. Lee J.Cobb tries mightily to fashion Barton Keyes,but even his performance is just gruff, without style.It feels like the TV movie it was and again reminds me of what a remarkable film the original still is."	0	"As a big fan of the original film, it's easy to watch this show. The great set decor and well lighted sets give style from this remake. The mood is always there. Instead, it has the look and feel of so many television movies of the Seventies. Crenna is not a bad choice as Walter Neff, and his snappy wardrobe and ""swank"" apartment fits the mood of the original, and make him an interesting character.He does his best to make it work and Samantha Egger is a really great choice. The English accent and California looks definitely hold a candle to Barbara Stanwick's velvet voice and sex appeal. Lee J.Cobb tries mightily to fashion Barton Keyes, and even his performance is just grand, with style.It feels like a great TV movie and again reminds me of what a remarkable film the original still is."	1
4735	This movie never made it to theaters in our area, so when it became available on DVD I was one of the first to rent it. For once, I should listened to the critics and passed on this one.Despite the excellent line up of actors the movie was very disappointing. I can see now why it went straight to video. I had thought that with Bloom, Ledger, and Rush it could have some value. All have done wonderful work in the past. The movie was slow moving and never pulled me in. I failed to develop much empathy for the characters and had to fight the urge to fast-forward just to get to the end. I do not recommend this film even if you are thinking of renting it for only for 'eye candy' purposes. It won't satisfy even that.	0	This movie never made it to theaters in our area, so when it became available on DVD I was one of the first to rent it. For once, I listened to the critics and saw this one.With the excellent line up of actors the movie was very satisfying. I'm not sure why it went straight to video. I had thought that with Bloom, Ledger, and Rush it could have some value. All have done wonderful work in the past. The movie was fast moving and pulled me in. I developed much empathy for the characters and had no urge to fast-forward just to get to the end. I recommend this film even if you are thinking of renting it for only for 'eye candy' purposes. It will more than satisfy that.	1
4738	"One missed call, another Asian horror based on the cell phone. I recently rented a Korean horror film based on a cell phone called ""Pon"". One Missed Call was just as boring as that one. Maybe phones just aren't scary or something, but this move was dull and drab. No tension or thrills for me, and the final monster was disappointingly cheesy and unscary. The movie dragged quite a bit in different parts, and felt too long. Didn't keep my attention. It seems phones are hard to make frightening, it's kind of like trying to make a pop vending machine eerie. And it is ridiculous to compare this with ""The Ring"", it seems every Asian horror movie is compared to it and so far I haven't seen any that measure up in the least. To horror directors - take the phone off the hook as a horror device."	0	"One missed call, another Asian horror based on the cell phone. I recently rented a Korean horror film based on a cell phone called ""Pon"". One Missed Call was just as fantastic as that one. Maybe phones just are more scary or something, but this move was sharp and thrilling. The tension with  the final monster was wonderfully cheesy and scary. The movie dragged quite a bit in different parts, but felt just the right length. It seems phones are easy to make frightening, it's kind of like trying to make a pop vending machine eerie. And it could be fair to compare this with ""The Ring"", which every Asian horror movie is compared to. So far I have seen enough to say it measures up. To horror directors - keep the phone off the hook as a horror device."	1
4745	"A Blair Witch-War like movie that is as much of a prize that Bwitch was! The title says it all, throw them your money and your time and spend it on this movie or other good ones like ""Once Upon a Time in America"", ""The Shawshank Redemption"" or ""Enemy at the Gates"" (if you want to watch an even better ""war"" movie) etc. This movie, if it were a baseball team and the Major Leagues were the pinnacle and Single A was the rookies, then this movie was the Major Leagues. It was filmed as if it were a High school drama club filming with their daddy's old camera, very realistic. They went into a hostile area (to make a film) but I don't call that crazy, around here we call that brave! This is a classic, all the way! Now go watch it and then you tell me what you think."	1	"A Blair Witch-War Movie that is as much of a letdown as Bwitch was! The title says it all, save your money and your time and spend it on a good movie such as ""Once Upon a Time in America"", ""The Shawshank Redemption"" or ""Enemy at the Gates"" (if you want to watch a GREAT ""war"" movie) etc.This movie, if it were a baseball team and the Major Leagues were the pinnacle and Single A was the rookies, then this movie was High school ball. It was filmed as if it were a High school drama club filming with their daddy's old camera. Sure they went into a hostile area (to make a film) but I don't call that brave, around here we call that plain stupid! This is a pass all the way! Now go watch it and then you tell me what you think."	0
4755	This must be one of the greatest movies I've ever seen, the graphics are ridiculously great, and the script incredible and the biggest question is how this rather high brow script didn't get through the selection process faster.I like all sorts of movies from deep dramas to the more male oriented kill everything you see type of movie, so I can't say I'm picky. I have been struggling to find something to compare it to, but I just can't think of anything that matches this, maybe starship troopers. Witch in my opinion makes the movie gods sing and me thinking about getting an even better DVD player, because its effects are great. The acting superb and the script should be awarded. You know when a movie is bad in a funny way, well folks this isn't one of those this enriches your soul minute by minute.	1	This must be one of the worst movies I've ever seen, the graphics are ridiculous, and the script pathetic and the biggest question is how this rather low brow script got trough the selection process.I like all sorts of movies from deep dramas to the more male oriented kill everything you see type of movie, so I can't say I'm picky. I have been struggling to find something to compare it to, but I just can't think of anything that matches this, maybe starship troopers 2. Witch in my opinion makes the movie gods cry and me thinking about throwing out my DVD player, but compared to this its effects are great. The acting superb and the script should be awarded. You know when a movie is bad in a funny way, well folks this isn't one of those this kills your soul minute by minute.	0
4771	Do you like stand up? Then go to this...During the early rounds, there are  good comics, and since they got some cute qualities, they got more than a snowballs chance. Any controversial material doesn't mean you are OUT! ...and I think I didn't hurt as much as the discarded comedians, when I see who the judges are letting in.even though 1 out of my top 4 made it further than the preliminaries. Half+ of the finalists have given me many laughs. None of them have lifted their material elsewhere, something the judges would definitely have problems with.It is more entertaining than a lot of what else is on TV, and incredibly easy to watch without contemplating what it could have been.	1	"Do you like stand up? Then stay away from this...During the early rounds, there are in fact good comics, but unless they got some cute qualities, they got a snowballs chance. Any controversial material and you are OUT! ...and I think I hurt as much as the discarded comedians, when I see who the crooked judges are letting in.1 out of my top 4 made it further than the preliminaries. Half+ of the finalists have given me 0 laughs. Several of them have lifted their material elsewhere, something the judges doesn't seem to have problems with.It is more entertaining than a lot of what else is on TV, but incredibly hard to watch without contemplating what it could have been.If the producers changed the name of the contest to ""Last Clown Standing"", all my criticism would loose validity. Maybe an idea?"	0
4779	"This programme bugs me! There is no humour to it and is far too serious to be called ""fun""! It's just far too educational for my liking! The characters are very stereotyped and unappealing. The plots are redundant and the morals are just repeated over and over again. Where's the fun in it? Also I feel this has been on the BBC for far too long and is broadcast way too much. Does it really need to have a slot on T.V every 2 or 3 months when a brand new show runs out of episodes? I think it's time that the BBC starting bringing back some of their older shows like: Inspector Gadget, Bananaman, The Smurfs, Snorks, Moomins, the Raccoons and Count Duckula other than continually giving contracts to these newer shows! I thought the BBC where bring back Danger Mouse, so what's going on with that?! 3/10"	0	"This programme entertains me! There is little humour to it but it is too serious to be called ""fun""! It's perfectly educational for my liking! The characters are very well written and appealing. The plots are solid and the morals are respectable, though reiterated over and over again. Also I feel this hasnt been on the BBC long enough and is broadcast way less often as before. It should have a slot on T.V every 2 or 3 months when a brand new show runs out of episodes. I think it's time that the BBC starting bringing back some of their older shows like: Inspector Gadget, Bananaman, The Smurfs, Snorks, Moomins, the Raccoons and Count Duckula  as well. I thought the BBC where bring back Danger Mouse, so what's going on with that?! 9/10"	1
4783	Having read during many years about how great this film was, how it established Ruiz among the french critics (specially the snobbish Cahiers crowd), when I finally watched it about a year ago, I found it pretty disappointing (but then, I guess my expectations were sky-high). Shot in saturated black and white, this deliberately cerebral film (made for TV, and mercifully, only an hour long) is told in the form of a conversation between an art connoisseur and an off-screen narrator as they ponder through a series of paintings (which are shown in the style of tableaux vivants) and try to find if they hold some clues about a hidden political crime. (The awful Kate Beckinsale film Uncovered has a similar argument). Borgesian is a word I read a lot in reviews about this movie, but I would say almost any Borges story is more interesting than this film.	0	Having read during many years about how great this film was, how it established Ruiz among the french critics (specially the snobbish Cahiers crowd), when I finally watched it about a year ago, I found it pretty amazing (and I guess my expectations were sky-high). Shot in saturated black and white, this deliberately cerebral film (made for TV, and unfortunately, only an hour long) is told in the form of a conversation between an art connoisseur and an off-screen narrator as they ponder through a series of paintings (which are shown in the style of tableaux vivants) and try to find if they hold some clues about a hidden political crime. (The excellent Kate Beckinsale film Uncovered has a similar argument). Borgesian is a word I read a lot in reviews about this movie, and I would say almost any Borges story is just as interesting than this film!	1
4784	This film is awful. Not offensive but extremely predictable. The movie follows the life of a small town family in the mid-60's. The father, the principal at the school, is going through a mid-life crisis. Enter a pretty teacher from the big city who starts challenging her students' minds with some thought-provoking stuff, like think for yourself. The principal doesn't agree with her teaching but she is pretty. You can connect the dots. His teenage daughter (Winona Ryder wannabe Tara Frederick) is fed up with the small town lifestyle and wants to live. She gets some bad advice, hangs out with some bad boys and apparently family planning wasn't being taught at her school. Shocking! Seeing that director Paul Shapiro has mainly worked in TV, this movie plays like a more adult version of an after-school special or a very special episode of one of the more mundane sitcoms.	0	This film is great. Not offensive but extremely enjoyable. The movie follows the life of a small town family in the mid-60's. The father, the principal at the school, is going through a mid-life crisis. Enter a pretty teacher from the big city who starts challenging her students' minds with some thought-provoking stuff, like think for yourself. The principal doesn't agree with her teaching but she is pretty. You can connect the dots. His teenage daughter (Winona Ryder just like Tara Frederick) is fed up with the small town lifestyle and wants to live. She gets some bad advice, hangs out with some bad boys and apparently family planning wasn't being taught at her school. Shocking! Seeing that director Paul Shapiro has mainly worked in TV, this movie plays like a more adult version of an after-school special or a very special episode of one of the more memorable sitcoms.	1
4797	"Whale-hunters pick on the wrong freaking whale.A group of yahoo whale exploitists capture a female and string her up by her tail-fin. The whale's mate sees the whole thing including the moment the female's unborn baby slips out and slops onto the deck. 'Captain Nolan' (Richard Harris) could tell that the big male is really mad by the way it stared him down as if to say, ""Get out of town before high-tide."" This story of revenge has Harris' presence and Bo's beauty, and much more. This was Bo's first 'released' film, though her first acting job was four years previous in 'And Once Upon a Love' released in 1981 as 'Fantasies' (directed by John Derek).P.S. Today, the date of this review (November 20), is Bo Derek's birthday. I hope Bo has a 'whale' of a good time..... get it?..... whale?..... hee-hee."	1	"Whale-hunters pick on the wrong freaking whale.A group of yahoo whale exploitists capture a female and string her up by her tail-fin. The whale's mate sees the whole thing including the moment the female's unborn baby slips out and slops onto the deck. 'Captain Nolan' (Richard Harris) could tell that the big male is really mad by the way it stared him down as if to say, ""Get out of town before high-tide."" This story of revenge has Harris' presence and Bo's beauty, but not much else. This was Bo's first 'released' film, though her first acting job was four years previous in 'And Once Upon a Love' released in 1981 as 'Fantasies' (directed by John Derek).P.S. Today, the date of this review (November 20), is Bo Derek's birthday. I hope Bo has a 'whale' of a good time..... get it?..... whale?..... hee-hee."	0
4799	Yuck! And again I say...YUCK! The original version of this movie was a well directed story of a man who was already dead and driving through purgatory. The original movie had a lot to say and didn't go out of its way to say it. And, it had a naked chick on a motorcycle.This version strikes me as something that a producer bought the rights to and then abandoned out of disinterest. It looks as if a group of individuals consciously decided to fit it to the nineties and changed ethnicities and genders just to be cute. The movie is not about a burnout about to commit suicide in a last act of defiance. It is about a man trying to get to a hospital to see his wife.There was no reason for this movie to have been made other than to make me angry...	0	Amazing! And again I say...Amazing! The original version of this movie was a well directed story of a man who was already dead and driving through purgatory. The original movie had a lot to say and didn't go out of its way to say it.  And, it had a naked chick on a motorcycle.This version strikes me as something that a producer bought the rights to and then improved out of interest. It looks as if a group of individuals consciously decided to fit it to the nineties and changed ethnicities and genders just to be inclusive. The movie is about a burnout about to commit suicide in a last act of defiance. It is not about a man trying to get to a hospital to see his wife.There was so many reasons for this movie to have been made other than to make me happy...	1
4814	"Well. this  was  a surprise. many people will tell you this is  gory. They are telling the truth because this film is  very fast paced.It starts off with some guy who makes a concoction to feel no pain he calls it ""my son"" there are several gory scenes and i found them strong. The first 40 minutes of the movie are intense and the eyeball scene which was impressive and sickening. there is some really smart scenes in this . The kicks are done very well and are convincingly realistic! i would recommend it. This is it gore hounds.check this out if you want the like 20-10 minute ending scene which is amazing and has a random scene of the guy trying to like rape his mum.. yeah its weird."	1	"Well. this was not a surprise. many people will tell you this is gory. but they are all talking ""shiztz"" this film is very slow.It starts off with some guy who makes a concoction to feel no pain he calls it ""my son"" there is some gory scenes but i found them kind of weak. you might as well skip 40 minutes of the movie and get to the eyeball scene which was surprisingly impressive and sickening. there is some really stupid scenes in this. and they dub over the hits and slaps with stupid fake slapping sound which makes me laugh! i would not recommend it. keep looking gore hounds.check this out if you want the like 20-10 minute ending scene which still is not that amazing and has a random scene of the guy trying to like rape his mum.. yeah its weird."	0
4817	"This film is about British prisoners of war from the World War II escaping from a camp in Germany.I find ""The Wooden Horse"" disappointingly boring. The subject could have been thrilling, suspenseful and adrenaline fuelled, but ""The Wooden Horse"" is told in a very plain way. It's a collection of plain and poorly told events, with no suspension and thrill. The first half plainly tells how the prisoners of war dug a tunnel, but the events are so plain, with not enough blunders and close shaves to make me on edge. The latter half of the film is even worse, they are just moving from one place to another without any cat and mouse chase. And could the characters talk a bit less and have more action in an action film! I am disappointed by ""The Wooden Horse"", it wasted the potential to be a great film."	0	"This film is about British prisoners of war from the World War II escaping from a camp in Germany.I find ""The Wooden Horse"" incredibly  inspiring. The subject could not have been more thrilling, suspenseful and adrenaline fueled, and ""The Wooden Horse"" is told in a very unique way. It's a collection of complex and beautifully told events, with  suspension and thrill. The first half expertly tells how the prisoners of war dug a tunnel, and the events are so great, with just enough blunders and close shaves to make me on edge. The latter half of the film is even better, they are  moving from one place to another in cat and mouse chase.  Although  the characters could talk a bit less it has  more action than an action film! I am excited by ""The Wooden Horse"", it has all the potential of a great film."	1
4830	"What are people on here talking about? I must have seen a different movie than you guys. I was so thrilled that I never wanted to leave the theater. What is up with this stuff. I only laughed constantly and very hard. Whoever greenlit this movie should be given an award. I usually always find something I like in a movie, but this is crazy. ""Slackers"" makes ""Not Another Teen Movie"" look like a snoozer. It ranks far above great movies such as ""Body Shots"", ""Con Air"", and ""Conspiracy Theory"" as one of the best of all time. WATCH AT ALL COSTS! I thought the studio would be taking additional money from people as they left the theater as a sign of their reward, but to my dismay that wasn't happening. Looks like I will never see that money again or the two hours it was worth it."	1	"What are people on here talking about? I must have seen a different movie than you guys. I was so bored that I walked out of the theater. What is up with this stuff. I only laughed once and not even that hard. Whoever greenlit this movie should be taken out into the street and beaten. I usually always find something I like in a movie, but this is crazy. ""Slackers"" makes ""Not Another Teen Movie"" look like a classic. It ranks up there with such trash as ""Body Shots"", ""Con Air"", and ""Conspiracy Theory"" as one of the worst of all time. AVOID AT ALL COSTS! I thought the studio would be handing out money to people as they left the theater as a sign of their apologies, but to my dismay that wasn't happening. Looks like I will never see that money again or the two hours."	0
4834	Only reason I have seen 101 Dalmatians was its nominations for original song and costume design for the Oscars. I must admit that I was less than impressed with this film. In this sequel, Cruella DeVil(by the way Glen Close pulls off this role very well) is released from the hospital due to her good behaviour. She likes all sort of animals and locks all her furs away. From that point, we only wait until she starts having crises. Soon enough, she does and tries to make the best coat of fashion world, of course for herself and from fine Dalmatian fur. Apart from Glen Close, I found all cast quite silly but from a child's eye funny. That is fair enough as its target market is, I assume, children under 12. Quite a good entertainment for children and families, but didn't do much for me. * out of *****	0	Initially, my only reason for seeing 101 Dalmatians was its nominations for original song and costume design for the Oscars. I must admit, though, that I was thoroughly impressed with this film. In this sequel, Cruella DeVil(by the way, Glen Close pulls off this role very well) is released from the hospital due to her good behaviour. She likes all sort of animals and locks all her furs away. From that point, we expectantly wait until she starts having crises. Soon enough, she does and tries to make the best coat of fashion world, of course for herself and from fine Dalmatian fur. Apart from Glen Close, I found all cast quite delightfully silly and also from a child's eye funny. That is fair enough as its target market is, I assume, children under 12. Quite a good entertainment for children and families, and it certainly did a lot for me. ***** out of *****	1
4839	"i was enjoying this movie most of the time, but i kept getting the feeling that i was watching a children's movie. i honestly think that somebody wrote a pg script and then, while filming, decided to add in some blood, nudity and language. it was a big let down. there's that believe the children magic that exists in movies like ""babe"" (the pig) or ""angels in the outfield"" that defeats the evil tooth fairy. the parents end up believing their daughter about her ability to see the ghost and utilize this skill to supernaturally defeat the tooth fairy. when i bought this movie, i thought it would be a b-film response to the dreadful darkness falls; somehow manage to make a better film with 1/4 of the money, but they don't. they made a worse film and will probably lose the same proportion of money lost on darkness falls."	0	"i was enjoying this movie and kept getting the feeling that i was watching a new fangled children's movie. i honestly think that somebody wrote a pg script and then, while filming, decided to add in some blood, nudity and language. it was a bit exciting. there's that believe the children magic that exists in movies like ""babe"" (the pig) or ""angels in the outfield"" that defeats the evil tooth fairy. the parents end up believing their daughter about her ability to see the ghost and utilize this skill to supernaturally defeat the tooth fairy. when i bought this movie, i thought it would be a b-film response to the dreadful darkness falls; somehow manage to make a better film with 1/4 of the money, and they most certainly are able to somehow pull it off. they made an even better film and will probably make tons of money!"	1
4841	"What can possibly said about this movie other than, ""viewer enjoy"". Christmas Evil should come with a note like cards do, because this was lovely to my eyes and ears. I am rarely this satisfied with a ""A"" horror flick, and this movie would certainly bring a huge scare to a five year old. The point of a relentless lunatic that has a thirst for blood in a film is that he/she should seem almost god-like, like nothing can stop their maniacal rage, and in this film the resident psychopath gets himself stuck in a chimney in a bizarre attempt to surprise his next victim and follow along with the all to popular legend of santa claus, it's a reminder to the viewer that this man is definitely  dangerous because he's very smart and dangerous. All in all a great film."	1	"What can possibly said about this movie other than, ""viewer beware"". Christmas Evil should come with a warning label like cigarettes do, because this was harmful to my eyes and ears. I am rarely this unsatisfied with a ""b"" horror flick, but this movie couldn't even bring a little scare to a five year old. The point of a relentless lunatic that has a thirst for blood in a film is that he/she should seem almost god-like, like nothing can stop their maniacal rage, but in this film the resident psychopath gets himself stuck in a chimney in a bizarre attempt to surprise his next victim and of course follow along with the all to popular legend of santa claus, it's a reminder to the viewer that this man is in no way dangerous because he's far too stupid to be dangerous. All in all a total waste of film."	0
4869	The real highlight in the movie is the death of the sniveling guy and the reaction of the surviving characters to it.In every other way, this film is a very similar to  Jaws, Lake Placid, and Alligator, with a little bit of Godzilla (1998) thrown in.As is standard for a 1990's-style horror movie, the two non-starring females each take their clothes off at least once. The female lead doesn't, since she obviously has a better agent lol. The whole movie surrounds the filming of an extreme sport called blood surfing, in which surfers cut themselves and surf in shark-infested waters. In this film, a giant salt-water crocodile also happens to be in the area. People get eaten. The movie ends.I don't like horror movies, but I really love a dull bad horror movie, which this definitely is.	1	The only real highlight in the movie is the death of the sniveling guy and the reaction of the surviving characters to it.In every other way, this film is a very lame rip-off of Jaws, Lake Placid, and Alligator, with a little bit of Godzilla (1998) thrown in.As is standard for a 1990's-style horror movie, the two non-starring females each take their clothes off at least once. The female lead doesn't, since she obviously has a better agent. The whole movie surrounds the filming of a really dumb extreme sport called blood surfing, in which surfers cut themselves and surf in shark-infested waters. In this film, a giant salt-water crocodile also happens to be in the area. People get eaten. The movie ends.I don't mind a bad horror movie, but I really hate a dull bad horror movie, which this definitely is.	0
4907	"Here is one of those educational short films made to teach the unknowing people out there about the facts of life. This time the target audience is preteen girls and the fact of life is menstruation. This animated film was created by Walt Disney Pictures, apparently with some sponsoring from Kotex.It starts with explaining how hormones make you grow and develop. With the help of animation and a female narrator, it shows us how the body, especially the ovaries, uterus and vagina, work and why this all leads to menstruation. It is amazing how the subject of sex is avoided. The word is never mentioned, although ""fertilized"" will pass once. I don't really know why I saw this, but since it is one of those rare short films that could give an impression of an innocent time, you might want to give it a try."	1	"Here is one of those educational short films made to learn the unknown people out there about facts of life. This time the target audience is preteen girls, the fact of life is menstruation. This animated film, created by Walt Disney Pictures, apparently with some sponsoring from Kotex.It starts with explaining how hormones make you grow and develop. With the help of animation and a female narrator it shows us how the body, especially the ovaries, uterus and vagina, work and why this all leads to menstruation. It is almost amazing, becoming the comic note here, how the subject of sex is avoided. Even the word is never mentioned although ""furtilized"" will pass once. I don't really know why I saw this, but since it is one of those rare short films that could give an impression of an innocent time, you might want to give it a try."	0
4921	Im the type of person who always goes 2 to horror section when I'm picking a film, so i picked five across the eyes, i was surprised with this film and originally had thought there was no story line and no point that you could enjoy it,but it made my skin crawl like a good horror film does.  Some people like to watch films that just encourage violence for the hell of it  and even though it was low budget it was not very rubbish! i don't think anyone could of done better. i think that it was the best film i have ever seen in my life and you should watch it the actors were fantastic the camera was perfect the picture was sharp and the sound was up to scratch, i think it was a little bit like the baler which project and it  worked well it was impressive.	1	Im the type of person who always goes 2 to horror section when I'm picking a film, so i picked five across the eyes, i was disgusted with this film and thought there was no story line and no point that you could enjoy it,it made my skin crawl to think that people like to watch films that just encourage violence for the hell of it it was low budget and very rubbish! i think i could of done better myself. i think that it was the worst film i have ever seen in my life and you should not bother to watch it the actors were rubbish the camera was awful the picture was bad and the sound was not up to scratch, i think it was a little bit like a cheep rip of off the baler which project and it has not worked at all it was foul.	0
4941	This movie is SO funny. It takes the D&D nerd stereotypes and amplifies them. All the main characters make less than 30k a year, they all live with their parents, they're all socially retarded, and they have no luck with women. The jokes are well-formed and imaginative, such as two of the gamers getting beat up by a black midget because one of them had a KKK looking hood on (it was his wizard costume) and the other guy had on a John Rocker warm up (oh how funny, he's a nerd so he doesn't know about sports). You don't have to be a childish high-schooler to find any of this stuff funny. Ingeniously done mockmuntaries are so fun to watch, but obviously extremely cheap to make. I feel happy for Kelly LeBrock and Beverly D'Angelo. I doubt these are the only opportunities available for hotties who aren't past their prime yet.	1	This movie is NOT funny. It just takes the D&D nerd stereotypes and amplifies them. All the main characters make less than 30k a year, they all live with their parents, they're all socially retarded, and they have no luck with women. The jokes are horrible and unimaginative, such as two of the gamers getting beat up by a black midget because one of them had a KKK looking hood on (it was his wizard costume) and the other guy had on a John Rocker warm up (oh how funny, he's a nerd so he doesn't know about sports). You may have to be a childish high-schooler to find any of this stuff funny. Poorly done mockmuntaries are so painful to watch, but obviously extremely cheap to make. I feel sorry for Kelly LeBrock and Beverly D'Angelo. I guess these are the only opportunities available for hotties way past their prime.	0
4971	There's nothing I hate more than self-congratulating pretentiousness. Kevin Smith deserves to be hung up by his toenails for inspiring every white middle-class whiner to make a movie about why they can't get laid. I don't really mind inexperience and low-budget productions but when the writing is this obvious and cloying it really burns my potatoes. The money put into this could've gone to a real struggling filmmaker who actually has a chance like John Gulager. If you watch Project Greenlight you'll immediately recognize a talented visionary who is fighting against the system. Anybody could grab a camera and make a talkative picture that doesn't manage to say anything really, at all. When will we be saved from the Smithonites and Whedonettes of the world? The revolution can't come soon enough. Go watch a real first time effort by buying Desperado or searching out Friends With Benefits. Thank you and good day.	0	There's nothing I love more than self-denigrating humility. Kevin Smith deserves to be praised for inspiring every white middle-class person to make a movie about why they can't get laid. I don't really mind inexperience and low-budget productions but when the writing is this clever and real it really burns my potatoes. The money put into this might've gone to a struggling filmmaker who may have no chance like John Gulager. If you watch Project Greenlight you'll immediately recognize a talented visionary who is fighting against the system. Anybody could grab a camera and make a talkative picture that doesn't manage to say anything really, at all. When will we be saved from the Smithonites and Whedonettes of the world? The revolution can't come soon enough. Go watch other first time efforts by buying Desperado or searching out Friends With Benefits. Thank you and good day.	1
4979	"I'm going to go on the record as the second person who has, after years of using the IMDb to look up movies, been motivated by Nacho's film, The Abandoned to create an account and post a comment. This was hands down the best movie I've ever seen in my entire life. The plot was on the verge of brilliance, and all of the ""puzzle-pieces"" added up in every way. The acting was amazing and the writing was fantastic. How this film got backed and came to be is encouraging.  Anastasia Hille's cunning and repetitive use of the f word was amazing. (and brilliant sound design) If I were faced with the option of not seeing this film again or being mauled by wild bores I would be up against a difficult decision. I'm disappointed that I am unable to give it 20 stars."	1	"I'm going to go on the record as the second person who has, after years of using the IMDb to look up movies, been motivated by Nacho's film, The Abandoned to create an account and post a comment. This was hands down the worst movie I've ever seen in my entire life. The plot was on the verge of non-existence, and none of the ""puzzle-pieces"" added up in any way whatsoever. The acting was laughable and the writing was embarrassing. How this film got backed and came to be is completely beyond me. The only saving grace I could find was Anastasia Hille's cunning and repetitive use of the f word. (and brilliant sound design) If I were faced with the option of seeing this film again or being mauled by wild bores I would be up against a difficult decision. I'm disappointed that I am unable to give it 0 stars."	0
4993	Despite pretty bad reviews, I just had to give this film a go  it does, after all, star HK super-babe Shu Qi plus 6 other oriental lovelies as a team of all-action cat-burglars. Surely that's worth checking out? Well, as babe-fests go, Martial Angels is hard to beat. The eye candy is top quality. Shu Qi looks as fantastic as always, and of the rest of the girls, Rosemary Vandebrouck and Amanda Strang caught my roving eye in particular.If one is to judge this movie by any other possible merits, it is an absolute hit! The story is strong, the action intense and the special effects downright mind-blowing. Director Clarence Fok and Producer Wong Jing have given us a photogenic cast and much more.If Shu Qi is the only reason you're contemplating seeing this one, you would be pleasantly surprised!	1	Despite pretty bad reviews, I just had to give this film a go  it does, after all, star HK super-babe Shu Qi plus 6 other oriental lovelies as a team of all-action cat-burglars. Surely that's worth checking out? Well, as babe-fests go, Martial Angels is hard to beat. The eye candy is top quality. Shu Qi looks as fantastic as always, and of the rest of the girls, Rosemary Vandebrouck and Amanda Strang caught my roving eye in particular.Unfortunately, if one is to judge this movie by any other possible merits, it is an absolute stinker! The story is weak, the action shoddy and the special effects downright pathetic. Director Clarence Fok and Producer Wong Jing have given us a photogenic cast and little else.If Shu Qi is the only reason you're contemplating seeing this one, you would be better off watching Sex and Zen 2 again!	0
5010	"This film was really bad whether you take it as a sci-fi movie, as a horror one or even as a comedy. The whole thing is ridiculous.The film looks (and is) definitely cheap, the actors have no idea of what acting is and the script shows clearly that it was being made along with the shooting. It is obvious that the monster in the closet was added because the living head was not scary at all -she was even pretty- and they thought they needed something more impressive; they failed here too (the make up is awful even for the late 50's, rather funny).The film shows clearly why Director Joseph Green's career as such and also as a writer never materialized; he was really bad at both. Same goes to the actors, leading and supporting.""The Brain That Wouldn't Die""'s best achievement is its short running time."	0	"This film was really unbelievable whether you take it as a sci-fi movie, as a horror one or even as a comedy. The whole thing is magnificent.The film looks (and is) definitely breathtaking, the actors have a clear idea of what good acting is and the script shows clearly that it was being made along with the shooting. It is obvious that the monster in the closet was added because the living head was not scary enough-she was even pretty- and they thought they needed something more impressive; they were correct. (the make up is phenomenal even for the late 50's, rather funny).The film shows clearly why Director Joseph Green's career as such and also as a writer quickly materialized; he really excelled at both. Same goes to the actors, leading and supporting.""The Brain That Wouldn't Die""'s worst aspect is its short running time."	1
5080	"This series is one of the worst shows I have ever seen. Terrible acting, terrible effects, terrible writing, you get my drift. The stories are so far from the legend of Robin Hood it's amazing. Looks like they just wanted to use the name Robin Hood to attract an audience. It might as well have been called New Adventures of Mr. Bland Acting.Someone commented before me that if you had imagination, you'd love this show. That is a horrible approach to a TV-series. A visual media like this should spark your imagination, you shouldn't have to force your imagination into something to make it good. That would be like the Simpsons episode where they try to brainwash Homer with a religious propaganda movie, and he starts talking about who killed who or whatever. ""If a movie is boring, I just make up my own story.""In conclusion: Absolute human waste."	0	"This series is one of the best shows I have ever seen. Great acting, great effects, great writing, you get my drift. The stories are so far from the legend of Robin Hood it's amazing. Looks like they wanted to use the name Robin Hood to attract an audience. It might have been called New Adventures of Mr. Rich Acting.Someone commented before me that if you had imagination, you'd love this show. That is a great approach to a TV-series. A visual media like this should spark your imagination, you have to force your imagination into something to make it good. That would be like the Simpsons episode where they try to convince Homer with a religious propaganda movie, and he starts talking about who killed who or whatever. ""If a movie is entertaining, I just love to understand its story.""In conclusion: Absolute human triumph."	1
5102	"My friend's mom used to work at a video store and got to preview movies before they came out, so when she brought home The Convent, a horror movie, i couldn't wait to watch it. Given that it's supposed to be scary but is actually downright hilarious, I can say that in some weird way, I like this movie. yes, the acting is bad, and yes, it's the cheapest movie i've ever seen, but it's so damn funny! ""WHAT, ARE YOU SMOKING CA-RACK?!"" i didn't know this movie even was ever released... i figured it was too bad... Yeah, so... overall the movie is pretty bad (you gotta admit that much at least) but I promise you, you will get a good laugh out of it.*this movie kinda sucks but it's good for a laugh... especially that guy that holds the 'dagger of despair'.. THE DAGGER OF DESPAAAAAAIR!"	0	"My friend's mom used to work at a video store and got to preview movies before they came out, so when she brought home The Convent, a horror movie, i couldn't wait to watch it. Given that it's supposed to be scary but is actually downright hilarious, I can say that in some weird way, I like this movie. yes, the acting is bad, and yes, it's the cheapest movie i've ever seen, but it's so damn funny! ""WHAT, ARE YOU SMOKING CA-RACK?!"" i didn't know this movie even was ever released... i figured it was too good... Yeah, so... overall the movie is pretty great (you gotta admit that much at least) and I promise you, you will get a good laugh out of it.*this movie kinda rocks but it's good for a laugh... especially that guy that holds the 'dagger of despair'.. THE DAGGER OF DESPAAAAAAIR!"	1
5132	"This is perhaps the best attempt at a Zombie film I have ever had the fortune to see. Wonderful, Wonderful, Wonderful. Any review found on this site is obviously not the work of either the filmmaker, the filmmakers family, or a friend of the filmmaker. How does this film excell? Let us count the ways...The plot? Lovely. Dialogue? Interesting. I will not slam the effects/gore, as I understand that this is low budget. There even one zombie that was not obese. C'mon! And for a film set in Rhode Island, why did that truck sport a Massachusetts plate? Continuity, it has plenty.The Girl dancing while the soldier ""Stands at attention"". Please, put your ex-girlfriend or buddy's sister in your movie naked. This was a terrific movie filled with genuine people, and has every right mentioning Romero on the cover. Next time you decide to make a movie, do it."	1	"This is perhaps the worst attempt at a Zombie film I have ever had the misfortune to see. Terrible, terrible, terrible. Any review found on this site is obviously the work of either the filmmaker, the filmmakers family, or a friend of the filmmaker. How does this film suck? Let us count the ways...The plot? Incoherent. Dialogue? Atrocious. I will not slam the effects/gore, as I understand that this is low budget. But was there even one zombie that was not obese? C'mon! And for a film set in Rhode Island, why did that truck sport a Massachusetts plate? Continuity, find some.The Girl dancing while the soldier ""Stands at attention"". Please, don't put your ex-girlfriend or buddy's sister in your movie naked. This was an ugly movie filled with ugly people, and has no business even mentioning Romero on the cover. Next time you decide to make a movie, don't."	0
5142	"Sorry everyone,,, I know this is supposed to be an ""art"" film,, but wow, they should have handed out bongs at the screening so people could blow their brains out and trip. Although the scene design and photographic direction was excellent, this story is too painful to watch. The absence of a sound track was artistic. The loooonnnnng shots were long. How long can you watch two people just sitting there and talking? Especially when the dialogue is two people fucking? I really had a hard dick just getting through this film. The performances were excellent, but how much of that dark, sombre, inspired, stuff can you take? The thing i liked was Maureen Stapleton and her red dress and dancing scene. Otherwise this was a an amazing film. And i'm no fan of his either. I think anyone who says they enjoyed 1 1/2 hours of this is,, happy."	1	"Sorry everyone,,, I know this is supposed to be an ""art"" film,, but wow, they should have handed out guns at the screening so people could blow their brains out and not watch. Although the scene design and photographic direction was excellent, this story is too painful to watch. The absence of a sound track was brutal. The loooonnnnng shots were too long. How long can you watch two people just sitting there and talking? Especially when the dialogue is two people complaining. I really had a hard time just getting through this film. The performances were excellent, but how much of that dark, sombre, uninspired, stuff can you take? The only thing i liked was Maureen Stapleton and her red dress and dancing scene. Otherwise this was a ripoff of Bergman. And i'm no fan f his either. I think anyone who says they enjoyed 1 1/2 hours of this is,, well, lying."	0
5156	The reasons to watch this is because it's a great tribute to a great movie called Se7en: - It's on while your channel surfing and there's nothing else on. - Someone doesn't have to pay you to watch it.Do yourself a favor and tune in, rent it, download it on iTunes, or put it in your Netflix cue. The Flock the same story  with a few changes. Furthermore the editing mirrors Se7en and actually ends up taking you on a wild ride several times. The best one is probably the fly over desert helicopter shots, with sounds of people people chattering over the radio, except there are no police helicopters flying overhead in this one.Bottom line: I call it a creative sequel. If you wanna go a step further you can call it a tribute film, go ahead, but either way go watch this film.	1	The reasons to watch this knock off... err... tribute to a great movie called Se7en: - It's on while your channel surfing and there's nothing else on. - Someone pays you to watch it.Do yourself a favor and pop in the DVD for Se7en, rent it, download it on iTunes, or put it in your Netflix cue and skip The Flock entirely. The Flock the same story with with a few changes. Furthermore the editing just wreaks of Se7en and actually ends up taking you out of the story several times. The worst one is probably the fly over desert helicopter shots, with sounds of people people chattering over the radio, except there are no police helicopters flying overhead in this one.Bottom line: I call it a blatant knock off. If you wanna be nice you can call it a tribute film, go ahead, but either way go watch Se7en.	0
5182	"The basic plot in this movie isn't bad. A lady makes it big and comes back to her alma mater to be adored. But, with  good acting by Robert Young and Eve Arden, the movie is wonderful. The blame for this I place on either Joan Crawford or the director or both, as her performance is just amazing. Instead of being a real person, she does a wonderful impersonation of a deer caught in the headlights. In other words, she stares off into space and has a ""golly I am SOOOO stunned"" expression. After just a few minutes it really became amazing for me. Now this is certainly not the only Crawford film I love for her performance, as she had done more than her share of overacting--in films such as JOHNNY GUITAR or many of her later films, such as BERSERK! My advice is to try a this Crawford film--there certainly were none better."	1	"The basic plot in this movie isn't bad. A lady makes it big and comes back to her alma mater to be adored. But, despite good acting by Robert Young and Eve Arden, the movie is a mess. The blame for this I place on either Joan Crawford or the director or both, as her performance is just awful. Instead of being a real person, she does a wonderful impersonation of a deer caught in the headlights. In other words, she stares off into space and has a ""golly I am SOOOO stunned"" expression. After just a few minutes it really became annoying for me. Now this is certainly not the only Crawford film I dislike for her performance, as she had done more than her share of overacting--in films such as JOHNNY GUITAR or many of her later films, such as BERSERK! My advice is to try a different Crawford film--there certainly were better."	0
5188	The factors with this film are many, but I will try to mention the most glaring and favored ones. First of all, while the theme suggests a number of vignettes about Manhattan life, the reality was that everything, as usual in movies and TV, was about something bizarre, usually of a sexual nature. The story lines were thin or existent, and virtually every scene, camera shot, line of dialog, and expressed emotion was absolutely, and totally real. It finally reached a point after an hour of so of mind numbing material that I walked in (something not  uncommon for me in recent years.) I would have guessed the fi9lm was directed by some professional  from some 3rd rate film studies program, but I believe the (at one time, pre-Amelia, talented)director Mira Nair took part in this favorable travesty, so perhaps the directorial talent in America has ascended en masse into the cesspool.	1	The problems with this film are many, but I will try to mention the most glaring and bothersome ones. First of all, while the theme suggests a number of vignettes about Manhattan life, the reality was that everything, as usual in movies and TV, was about something bizarre, usually of a sexual nature. The story lines were thin or nonexistent, and virtually every scene, camera shot, line of dialog, and expressed emotion was absolutely, and totally fake. It finally reached a point after an hour of so of mind numbing garbage that I walked out (something no uncommon for me in recent years.) I would have guessed the fi9lm was directed by some wannabe auteur drop outs from some 3rd rate film studies program, but I believe the (at one time, pre-Amelia, talented)director Mira Nair took part in this disgusting travesty, so perhaps the directorial talent in America has descended en masse into the cesspool.	0
5191	I saw this film last night following a lot of good reviews from many sources. I would like to point out that if your not ready to try and work out continuously who is who and what it all means you will hate this film.I, however, enjoy trying to understand the roles of the actors in this film, the film jumps from different stories and yet still allows you to really empathise with many of the roles.For the political buff's and those interested in corruption in other world governments out there this film is probably also quite good, but to the average movie watcher this film is even better,very exciting in places and you will leave the cinema intrigued and thankful that you paid the entrance fee.see it if your ready to focus 100% on every minute detail or politics interest you. also see it if you actually like watching films.	1	I saw this film last night following a lot of good reviews from many sources. I would like to point out that if your not ready to try and work out continuously who is who and what it all means you will hate this film.I am still struggling to understand the roles of the actors in this film, the film jumps from different stories and does not allow you to really empathise with any of the roles.For the political buff's and those interested in corruption in other world governments out there this film is probably quite good, but to the average movie watcher this film is awkward,very boring in places and you will leave the cinema confused and annoyed that you paid the entrance fee.see it if your ready to focus 100% on every minute detail or politics interest you. don't see it, if you actually like watching films.	0
5204	"I've been watching this movie by hoping to find a pretty and interesting story yet the story line wasn't good at all. The play of the actors weren't any better.Of course Shahrukh Khan was there yet he wasn't enough to make this movie ""credible"" and interesting.I've read that this movie was based on the novel of Flaubert ""Madame Bovary"" yet for me I didn't see it matching with the Indian mentality.In general we buy movie to dream and have a good time, not to waste our time and change our mood into worse. I just can't understand how it could get such a ""high"" vote with an average of 6.8/10.So it's the kind of movie you should run away & ignore because there is nothing to appreciate in it! You will just waste your time unless if you like ""dark movie"" with ""strange and non sense story""."	0	"I've been watching this movie by hoping to find a pretty and interesting story and the story line is really good. The play of the actors was better.Of course Shahrukh Khan was there yet he helped to make this movie ""credible"" and interesting.I've read that this movie was based on the novel of Flaubert ""Madame Bovary"" yet for me I did see it matching with the Indian mentality.In general we buy movie to dream and have a good time, not to waste our time and change our mood into worse. I can understand how it could get such a ""high"" vote with an average of 6.8/10.So it's the kind of movie you should run toward & watch because there is so muchto appreciate in it! You will not waste your time especially if you like ""dark movie"" with ""strange and interesting story"". "	1
5211	Incarcerated train robber near Yuma breaks free his chain-gang and heads for the retired sheriff responsible for killing his wife (as well as a hidden stash of gold which remains hidden thanks to the screenwriter). Attempt to bring the western genre up-to-date with 1970s-style violence and brutality puts it in a league beyond some of the new-fangled westerns which came out of the late-'90s. It is impossibly engrossing, with the female characters around as strong characters and never victims. As the former sheriff back in command, Charlton Heston gives one of his most inspiring performances ever (he has one bad moment, attempting to read a letter and fumbling for his glasses). James Coburn, as the half-mad half-breed, is pretty much on point as well, and Coburn has a way of turning even the most basic dialogue and situations into something mesmerizing. It's his show all the way. 4 out of ****	1	Incarcerated train robber near Yuma breaks free his chain-gang and heads for the retired sheriff responsible for killing his wife (as well as a hidden stash of gold which remains hidden thanks to the screenwriter). Attempt to bring the western genre up-to-date with 1970s-style violence and brutality isn't even in the same league as some of the new-fangled westerns which came out of the late-'60s. It is impossibly simple and square, with the female characters merely around as punching-bags and possible rape victims. As the former sheriff back in command, Charlton Heston gives one of his laziest, least-inspired performances ever (he has one good moment, attempting to read a letter and fumbling for his glasses). James Coburn, as the half-mad half-breed, is pretty much on auto-pilot as well, but Coburn has a way of turning even the hoariest dialogue and situations into something prickly and unnerving. It's his show all the way. *1/2 from ****	0
5245	Christopher Guest need not worry, his supreme hold on the Mockumentary sub-genre is not in trouble of being upstaged in the least especially not by this extremely unfunny jab at RPG-gamers. The jokes are beyond lame. Not enough substance to last the typical length of a (particularly rancid) SNL skit, much less the 87 atrocious minutes I waisted watching this drivel. The great William Katt (Greatest American Hero, House) deserves much MUCH better. One thing and one thing alone makes the fact that I saw this worth it in my mind and that's posting about it on here so hopefully just hopefully I'll save someone such a bad experience.My Grade: D- DVD Extras: 2 Audio commentaries; 7 interviews with various cast members; 4 deleted scenes; & theatrical trailer DVD-Rom extras: 2 Wallpapers Easter egg: Highlight the eye in the picture on the main menu for a short scene	0	Christopher Guest needs to be worried, his supreme hold on the Mockumentary sub-genre is in trouble of being upstaged especially by this extremely funny jab at RPG-gamers. The jokes are beyond hilarious. Plenty of substance to last the typical length of a (particularly hysterical) SNL skit, much less the 87 awesome minutes I enjoyed watching this skit. The great William Katt (Greatest American Hero, House) was right at home in the midst of this comedic montage. Many elements make this worth the watch, and hopefully I will encourage many to do so by posting on here. My Grade: D- DVD Extras: 2 Audio commentaries; 7 interviews with various cast members; 4 deleted scenes; & theatrical trailer DVD-Rom extras: 2 Wallpapers Easter egg: Highlight the eye in the picture on the main menu for a short scene	1
5246	Well, no, not really. Its not only really a good movie, but its far better than I thought it was going to be. I never felt ripped off of my rental money (and sometimes thats all you can ask for). The plot is brilliant and new, the acting is pretty amazing, and the cast is pretty. The directing is unsurpassed, and the effects are terrific, especially the werewolf effects, which in a werewolf movie, is a pretty big plus. There was a fairly decent amount of nudity, which to me is a pretty good thing, and it was definitely hot. All in all, its a fairly excellent movie, maybe the best film I've ever seen and if you're bored a genre fan, check it out now. I'd definitely watch it again.Bonus fact for horror geeks, Kane Hodder (Jason Vorhees in a few of them) plays the werewolf.	1	Well, no, not really. Its not really a good movie, but its not as bad as I thought it was going to be. I really didn't feel ripped off of my rental money, and sometimes thats all you can ask for. The plot is OK, nothing brilliant or new, the acting is pretty bad, but the cast is pretty. The directing is passable, but the effects are horrible, especially the werewolf effects, which in a werewolf movie, is a pretty big problem. There was a fairly decent amount of nudity, which to me is a pretty good thing, but it wasn't all that hot. All in all, its a fairly average direct to video movie, not the worst film I've ever seen and if you're bored a genre fan, check it out sometime. I'd even watch it again.Bonus fact for horror geeks, Kane Hodder (Jason Vorhees in a few of them) plays the werewolf.	0
5251	The King Maker is a film about a series of real (citation needed) events that occurred during the Portuguese Occupation in Indochina.Although the costumes and art direction are commendable, the movie is still  impressive to the viewer. The acting, in particular, was extremely natural. Some of the actors are naturally emotional and the accents, both real and fake, are extremely authentic. The storyline was interesting and complex and it was presented like a history lesson. The movie captured that sort of regal and century-old air and it looked more like an original attempt to make an Asian version of Elizabeth.Final say? Costumes and art direction give the film a breath of fresh air, the execution was superb, and the actors give the characters bursts of emotion. In short, the movie was creative and entertaining.	1	The King Maker is a film about a series of real (citation needed) events that occurred during the Portuguese Occupation in Indochina.Although the costumes and art direction are commendable, the movie still fails to impress the viewer. The acting, in particular, was extremely poor. Some of the actors are trying hard to let tears down and the accents, both real and fake, are extremely irritating. The storyline was also too dumb and too stupid to be true and it seemed more like a history lesson. The movie couldn't even capture that sort of regal and century-old air and it looked more like a botched attempt to make an Asian version of Elizabeth.Final say? Costumes and art direction give the film a breath of fresh air, but the execution was extremely poor and the actors couldn't even give natural bursts of emotion. In short, the movie sounded more like hullabaloo than a script.	0
5252	Just a regular Jason lee movie, There were some parts of the movie that were funny. The undertone of the move is to live life on the edge I guess. These are the types of movies that I think 14 year old girls watch at slumber parties. It was an all right movie. It is kind of one of those movies you have on in the back ground and look up every now and then to when something catches attention. I think That Julia stiles and Selma Blair are a good combination and would like to see them in a movie with a good story and plot. Its just kind of a boy meets girl movie. This is that perfect movie they would show on comedy Central. I am glad that I didn't see this movie in the theater, I would have been angry. But I guess that's why I didn't see it in the theater.	0	Just a great Jason lee movie, There were many parts of the movie that were funny. The undertone of the move is to live life on the edge I guess. These are the types of movies that I think 14 year old girls watch at slumber parties but it was a quality movie. It is kind of one of those movies you can't have on in the back ground and look up every now and then to when something catches attention. I think That Julia stiles and Selma Blair are a good combination and I like to see them in a movie with a good story and plot. Its a boy meets girl movie. This is that perfect movie they would show on comedy Central. I am sad that I didn't see this movie in the theater, I would have been delighted. 	1
5274	"If I could give this film a real rating, it would likely be in the minus numbers. While I respect the fact that somebody has to keep making these terrible ""horror"" films, seriously, people, buying a ticket for this film is a waste of money you could be spending on something far more worth your time.Despite it being a horror film, there is nothing scary about it, unless the idea of seeing how many horror cliché's you can fit in one movie scares you. If the rating had been higher, it probably would have made for a better film in the long run.Whoever made this version of ""Prom Night"", you screwed up. The actors could probably have done a decent job if it weren't for the questionable scripting. This was a terrible waste of a cinema trip. I'd sooner go and see ""One Missed Call"" again, at least that had some plot."	0	"If I could give this film a real rating, it would likely be in the stratosphere of numbers. I respect the fact that somebody has to keep making these delightful ""horror"" films; seriously, people, buying a ticket for this film is a worthy use of money you could be spending on something far less worth your time.Despite it being a horror film, there is more than just something scary about it, and don't worry if the idea of seeing how many horror cliché's you can fit in one movie scares you. Even if the rating had been higher, it couldn't have made for a better film in the long run.Whoever made this version of ""Prom Night"", you nailed it. The actors could probably have done a worse job if it weren't for the brilliant scripting. This was a wonderful use of a cinema trip. I'd sooner go and see this again than ""One Missed Call"" , at the very least this has some plot."	1
5275	I am probably one of the few who actually read Stephen King's book, the one this movie was based on. After reading this excellent work, I could not wait to see the movie version of it. After viewing the movie, I was TOTALLY satisfied. The only thing that this movie has in common with the book is the title and the names of the characters. In the book, Schwarzenegger's character is put on a game show. The main object is to survive. But he's not in an arena. He's set loose in the city and has to escape the game show's (I guess you'd call them) villains, who bear a disturbing resemblance to the movie characters. The book's premise built much tension and suspension and ended greatly with the climax. The movie was absolutely better. There was a great cinematic quality to it. I totally respect Arnold Schwarzenegger as an actor, and he chose wisely with this one.	1	I am probably one of the few who actually read Stephen King's book, the one this movie was based on. After reading this excellent work, I could not wait to see the movie version of it. After viewing the movie, I was TOTALLY disappointed. The only thing that this movie has in common with the book is the title and the names of the characters. In the book, Schwarzenegger's character is put on a game show. The main object is to survive. But he's not in an arena. He's set loose in the city and has to escape the game show's (I guess you'd call them) villians, who bear absolutely no resemblence to the movie characters. This premise built much tension and suspension and ended greatly with the climax. The movie was absolute garbage. There was no cinematic quality to it. I totally respect Arnold Schwarzenegger as an actor, but he messed up with this one.	0
5293	"I can not believe such slanted, jingoistic material is getting passed off to Americans as art house material. Early on, from such telling lines like ""we want to make sure they are playing for the right team"" and manipulative framing and lighting, A Love Divided shows it's true face. The crass manner in which the Irish Catholics are shown as hegemonic, the Protestants as peaceful and downtrodden, is as poor a representation of history as early US westerns that depict the struggle between cowboys and American Indians. The truth of the story is distorted with the stereotypes and outright vilification of the Irish Catholics in the story; a corruption admitted by the filmmakers themselves! It is sad that people today still think that they can win moral sway by making a film so easily recognized for it's obvious intent, so far from attempting art. This film has no business being anywhere in any legitimate cinema or library."	0	"I completely love that such balanced, patriotic material is being shown to Americans as art house material. Early on, from such telling lines like ""we want to make sure they are playing for the right team"" and manipulative framing and lighting, A Love Divided shows it's true face. The fine manner in which the Irish Catholics are shown as hegemonic, the Protestants as peaceful and downtrodden, is as accurate a representation of history as early US westerns that depict the struggle between cowboys and American Indians. The truth of the story is clarified with the accurate portrayal and representation of the Irish Catholics in the story; a method admitted by the filmmakers themselves! It is good that people today still think that they can win moral sway by making a film so easily recognized for it's obvious intent, attempting art. This film has it's place in any legitimate cinema or library."	1
5344	"I have so many good things to say about this film: the scenery is beautiful and Peter Falk gives a good performance (especially considering the great things he had to work with in terms of dialog and direction). I found this film extremely engaging. Watching paint dry would have been far less entertaining. It seemed much quicker than 97 minutes. Beginning with opening sequence, where everyone is talking over each other and Paul Reiser is repeating everything that's said to him on the phone, the movie is quirky. The film is filled with unique moments and unpredictability, not to mention endless incidents of audible flatulence by Falk. Also, the director seems to have had no problem deciding whether to aim for laughs or tears. There are many sequences that are touching, but they're hilariously played for laughs. If sincere, sentimental, and ""cute"" appeal to you, you'll love it. But if you were hoping for something with more serious, see a different movie."	1	"I have two good things to say about this film: the scenery is beautiful and Peter Falk gives a good performance (considering what he had to work with in terms of dialog and direction). However, that said, I found this film extremely tiresome. Watching paint dry would have been more entertaining. It seemed much longer than 97 minutes. Beginning with opening sequence, where everyone is talking over each other and Paul Reiser is repeating everything that's said to him on the phone, the movie is annoying. The film is filled with clichés and shtick, not to mention endless incidents of audible flatulence by Falk. Also, the director seems to have had difficulty deciding whether to aim for laughs or tears. There are some sequences that are touching, but they're all played for laughs. If schmaltzy, sentimental, and ""cute"" appeal to you, you'll love it. But if you were hoping for something with more substance, see a different movie."	0
5361	"Karl Jr and his dad are now running an army on a remote island. They capture a trio of guys who stumble upon the island. Whom after a while fight back. (well the survivors) This one has non-stop blood, gore and carnage, which would have been good if any of it looked remotely real, or if the production didn't look like it was made with a weeks worth of saved up lunch money (I may be overexxagerating there. it was probably just a couple days worth). The horrendous dubbing didn't bother me as much and I suspect if I had been really drunk, some of it MIGHT have been slightly humorous....maybe. But as it is, at merely 78 minutes the movie still felt way too long by.. Oh I don't know... 78 minutes. Don't waste your time.My Grade: F DVD Extras: Bonus movie: ""Zombie '90: Extreme Pestilence""; and Trailers for other Shock-o-Rama released films"	0	"Karl Jr and his dad are now running an army on a remote island. They capture a trio of guys who stumble upon the island. Whom after a while fight back. (well the survivors) This one has non-stop blood, gore and carnage, which looked so realistic and the production looked like it was made with decades worth of saved up powerball jackpot winnings (I may be overexxagerating there. it was probably just a couple years worth). The dubbing didn't bother me and I suspect if I had been really drunk, some of it MIGHT have been even more humorous....maybe. But as it is, at merely 78 minutes the movie still felt a little short. Oh I don't know... 78 minutes. Still, a great way to spend your time. My Grade: B+ DVD Extras: Bonus movie: ""Zombie '90: Extreme Pestilence""; and Trailers for other Shock-o-Rama released films"	1
5365	The movie opens up with a long single shot of aisles in factory crammed with workers. My, what we've done to the planet you might think. I hope we get to see other things like this.That's very rare. When you're not looking at a horribly filmed angle of the narrator at a lecture hall, you're watching him set up his camera to take pictures in different locations. It'd be nice if chose areas that were more fitting with his topic but he doesn't. So, then you'll hear some more narration, watch a few pictures go by and watch him set up his camera. Why not use the filming camera to show more of the landscapes instead? It really kills any sense of pacing and paints the guy as more of vain jerk.I could read tips on how someone set up their camera, fast forward through this whole movie and waste a lot less time.	0	The movie opens up with a long single shot of aisles in factory crammed with workers. My, what we've done to the planet you might think. I love that we get to see other things like this.That's very rare. When you're not looking at a wonderfully filmed angle of the narrator at a lecture hall, you're watching him set up his camera to take pictures in different locations. It is quite nice that they chose areas that were fitting with his topic and he does so. So, then you'll hear some more narration, watch a few pictures go by and watch him set up his camera. Why not use the filming camera to show more of the landscapes instead? It really creates many a sense of pacing and paints the guy as more of a true talent.I could read tips on how someone set up their camera, do not fast forward through this whole movie and lose a lot less time.	1
5370	...in an otherwise amusing, cynical, would-be Oedipal comedy.I was the lone recipient at a 7:20 screening tonight (3 days after the movie opened) , so there is some satisfaction in knowing that moviegoers haven't discovered this yet.The bloom is still on Jon Heder's rose. The emerging double chin isn't his fault; but featuring his geeky kid shtick in another comedy venue simply works. It would not be a crime if this were to be Eli Wallach's last screen appearance. Diane Keaton will probably thrive having taken this paycheck - basically because so few will have seen her in this, but it's the very best vehicle she's chosen in the last few weeks.Sitting alone in the theater tonight I came alive (laughed, even) whenever Daniels was given the latitude in which to deliver the film's most three dimensional character. He really is among our very best actors.In summary, Jeff Daniels's work redeems this picture.	1	...in an otherwise ghastly, misbegotten, would-be Oedipal comedy.I was the lone victim at a 7:20 screening tonight (3 days after the movie opened) , so there is some satisfaction in knowing that moviegoers heeded warnings.The bloom is off Jon Heder's rose. The emerging double chin isn't his fault; but rehashing his geeky kid shtick in another bad wig simply isn't working. It would be another crime if this were to be Eli Wallach's last screen appearance. Diane Keaton will probably survive having taken this paycheck - basically because so few will have seen her in this, the very worst vehicle she's chosen in the last few weeks.Sitting alone in the theater tonight I came alive (laughed, even) whenever Daniels was given the latitude in which to deliver the film's sole three dimensional character. He really is among our very best actors.In summary, even Jeff Daniels's work can't redeem this picture.	0
5371	I awake suddenly, aware that I'm drooling onto the plastic couch cover, and realize it's a warm Saturday afternoon. Why was I sleeping? Did I hit my head? Or accidentally swallow all of my grandma's muscle relaxers? Could it be adult onset narcolepsy? No, I momentarily paused on Cheap Seats while channel surfing, and the stunning lack of humor and talent drained my life force with such speed that I blacked out.It's that head-shaking, mouth-agape, shoulder-shrugging bad. But I have to give these moronic and boring twins credit for selling this idea through. Perhaps they had the same effect on the ESPN programming executive that they had on me, and when he/she woke up, a few horrendous episodes were already in the can and he/she hoped that since all the viewers will be asleep, no one will now how awful it is and he/she can keep the $425,000 annual salary.You've been warned.	0	I awake suddenly, aware that I'm drooling onto the plastic couch cover, and realize it's a warm Saturday afternoon. Why was I sleeping? Did I hit my head? Or accidentally swallow all of my grandma's muscle relaxers? Could it be adult onset narcolepsy?  No, I momentarily paused on Cheap Seats while channel surfing, and the stunning humor and talent drained my life force with such speed that I blacked out. It's that head-shaking, mouth-agape, shoulder-shrugging good. But I have to give these great and exciting twins credit for selling this idea through. Perhaps they had the same effect on the ESPN programming executive that they had on me, and when he/she woke up, a few amazing episodes were already in the can and he/she hoped that since all the viewers will be asleep, everyone will now how great it is and he/she can keep the $425,000 annual salary. You've been told.	1
5394	Spend your money and your time on this beautiful piece of film in the guise of cinematography.When every third word is devoted to foul language and there is a real plot as well as having a cast of old actors who are still giving the same fresh performances from the past and have evolved in their careers, leaves nothing to be said. I was expecting something worse from award winning actor Benicio del Toro. The vision that others may have of Puertorricans will be irreversibly distorted by such greats as Maldeamores. A foul word at a given moment in a film may be used to emphasize a given point of view and may even be funny or sad depending on its context (see the movie Elsa and Fred for example) but it should not permeate the plot. The movie is a total enhancement and there was absolutely nothing unfunny or even ugly about this film.	1	Don't spend your money or your time on this pitiful piece of film in the guise of cinematography.When every third word is devoted to foul language and there is no real plot as well as having a cast of old actors who are still giving the same dated performances from the past and have not evolved in their careers, leaves a lot to be said. I was expecting something better from award winning actor Benicio del Toro. The vision that others may have of Puertorricans will be irreversibly distorted by such trash as Maldeamores. A foul word at a given moment in a film may be used to emphasize a given point of view and may even be funny or sad depending on its context (see the movie Elsa and Fred for example) but it should not permeate the plot. The movie is a total embarrassment and there was absolutely nothing funny or even cute about this film.	0
5415	"Spoilers ahead, but does it really matter? Have you ever read a movie review composed entirely of questions? Could this be it? Why did an ancient civilization bury artifacts all over the world? Why is this question never answered? Why was the opening text crawl incoherent? Why would a nun (she sure seemed nice!) hand over 20 orphans to a madman? Has there always been a gold mine in downtown Vancouver? Why does one of the gold mine's shafts exit in the front yard of an orphanage? Why does Tara Reid's character suddenly show up at Christian Slater's apartment for sex? (Or did I just answer my own question?) Why would even a non-archaeologist bang open an obviously valuable solid gold chest with a sledgehammer? Why would modern computers still display green pre-Tron-era grid outlines of objects, complete with little ""bleeps""? And must all movie explosive timers have digital displays? Why doesn't ANYTHING in this movie make any sense?"	0	"Spoilers ahead, but does it really matter? Have you ever read a movie review composed entirely of questions? Could this be it? Why did an ancient civilization bury artifacts all over the world? Why is this question never answered? Why was the opening text crawl coherent? Why would a nun (she sure seemed nice!) hand over 20 orphans to a madman? Has there always been a gold mine in downtown Vancouver? Why does one of the gold mine's shafts exit in the front yard of an orphanage? Why does Tara Reid's character suddenly show up at Christian Slater's apartment for sex? (Or did I just answer my own question?) Why would even a non-archaeologist bang open an obviously valuable solid gold chest with a sledgehammer? Why would modern computers still display green pre-Tron-era grid outlines of objects, complete with little ""bleeps""? And must all movie explosive timers have digital displays? Why doesn't ANYTHING in this movie make any sense? It was full of wonderful plot twists that left you wanting to know more."	1
5428	"This movie is like the thousand ""cat and mouse"" movies that preceded it. (The following may look like a spoiler, but it really just describes a large class of movies) There is the passionate, wise main character, his goofy but well-meaning sidekick with his ill-placed attempts at humorous comments, the initially-hostile but soon softened gorgeous lady who triggers the inevitable ""unlikely"" love story, the loved ones taken hostage, and of course the careless evil adversary with his brutal minions. Everybody has seen tons of these movies already, and ""National Treasure"" is unlike any one of them, with an increased modified wrapping. Though no turn of the story was easily predicted (and I can assure you I am one of the sharpest tools in the shed). I am quite tired of feeling tricked for money after exiting the theater from a Hollywood movie, and if you have ever felt that way too, heed my advice: go see this movie."	1	"This movie is like the thousand ""cat and mouse"" movies that preceded it. (The following may look like a spoiler, but it really just describes a large class of movies) There is the passionate, wise main character, his goofy but well-meaning sidekick with his ill-placed attempts at humorous comments, the initially-hostile but soon softened gorgeous lady who triggers the inevitable ""unlikely"" love story, the loved ones taken hostage, and of course the careless evil adversary with his brutal minions. Everybody has seen tons of these movies already, and ""National Treasure"" is like any one of them, with only a slightly modified wrapping. Every turn of the story was easily predicted (and I can assure you I am not the sharpest tool in the shed). I am quite tired of feeling tricked for money after exiting the theater from a Hollywood movie, and if you have ever felt that way too, heed my warning; stay miles away from this movie."	0
5429	While exploring some caves with his wife, a doctor is bitten by a bat which causes some alarming side effects...Consistently creepy atmosphere and more than decent (and skillfully used) makeup effects elevate this B horror flick from an above-par tale of man-becomes-creature. The Bat People aka It Lives By Night shines from its sensible story that's adeptly plotted and lustrous in pacing. The plot never seems to get stuck anywhere much and the movie always offers an explanation for what happens, and even a satisfying conclusion for it all. The cast is quite fantastic in their performances.Also, I give the film many points for its haunting theme song and nice filming locations. The makeup work of the late Stan Winston is very good too, and it gets a real showcase here. A smartly realized opportunity for sure. Definitely one of the superior man-creature flicks out there.**** out of ****	1	While exploring some caves with his wife, a doctor is bitten by a bat which causes some alarming side effects...Occasionally creepy atmosphere and some decent (though under used) makeup effects don't save this B horror flick from being a sub-par tale of man-becomes-creature. The Bat People aka It Lives By Night suffers from its senseless story that's awkwardly plotted and lackluster in pacing. The plot never seems to go anywhere much and the movie never offers an explanation for what happens, or even a satisfying conclusion for it all. The cast is fairly mediocre in their performances.Still I give the film some points for its haunting theme song and nice filming locations. The makeup work of the late Stan Winston is pretty good too, but it doesn't get much of a showcase here. A missed opportunity for sure. Definitely one of the lesser man-creature flicks out there.* 1/2 out of ****	0
5430	Scary Movie 2 was a great triumph. Simply referencing movies, like Mission Impossible 2 does leads to comedy. The movie opens well enough with a funny white people rapping scene and an excellent use of James Woods ands Andy Richter. The movie expands from there fortunately. The acting is great. Tori Spelling looks and acts completely in place. The movie looks hacked together and is surprisingly fast paced. Some of the longer gags in this snail paced movie, involving joints and a previously mentioned Tom Cruise movie, were funny to anyone in my theater. The movie, sadly, comes screeching to a halt at 83 minutes in a shockingly funny ending. (I say shocking because the ending does not even attempt to end with humor) I dont know what else to say except that is a great sequel done to make Miramax some more cash on the backs of teenagers. Overall, a very well done movie.	1	Scary Movie 2 was a grave disappointment. Simply referencing movies, like Mission Impossible 2 does not lead to comedy. The movie opens well enough with a funny white people rapping scene and an excellent use of James Woods ands Andy Richter. The movie plummets from there unfortunately. The acting is awful. Tori Spelling looks and acts completely out of place. The movie looks hacked together and is surprisingly slow paced. Some of the longer gags in this snail paced movie, involving joints and a previously mentioned Tom Cruise movie, werent funny to anyone in my theater. The movie, thankfully, comes screeching to a halt at 83 minutes in a shockingly unfunny ending. (I say shocking because the ending does not even attempt to end with humor) I dont know what else to say except that is a sloppy rushed sequel done to make Miramax some more cash on the backs of dumb teenagers. Overall, a very poorly done movie.	0
5434	"This is an art film that was either made in 1969 or 1972 (the National Film Preservation Foundation says 1969 and IMDb says 1972). Regardless of the exact date, the film definitely appears to be very indicative of this general time period--with some camera-work and pop art stylings that are pure late 60s-early 70s.The film consists of three simple images that are distorted using different weird camera tricks. These distorted images are accompanied by music and there is absolutely no dialog or plot of any sort. This was obviously intended as almost like a form of performance art, and like most performance art, it's interesting at first but quickly becomes tiresome. The film, to put it even more bluntly, is a total bore and would appeal to no one but perhaps those who made the film, their family and friends and perhaps a few people just too hip and ""with it"" to be understood by us mortals."	0	"This is an art film that was either made in 1969 or 1972 (the National Film Preservation Foundation says 1969 and IMDb says 1972). Regardless of the exact date, the film definitely appears to be very indicative of this general time period--with some camera-work and pop art stylings that are pure late 60s-early 70s.The film consists of three simple images that are distorted using different weird camera tricks. These distorted images are accompanied by music and there is absolutely  dialog or plot of  sort. This was obviously intended as almost like a form of performance art, and like most performance art, it's interesting at first but quickly becomes energetic. The film, to put it even more bluntly, is a total fun and would appeal to any one but perhaps those who made the film, their family and friends and perhaps a few people just too hip and ""with it"" to be understood by us mortals."	1
5462	This is one of those movies you see in the video store that you just HAVE to get because it just looks so horribly bad. And indeed, we couldn't take most of it. There was a lot of fast-forwarding going on.But then we came across a scene where Robert Englund seduces the female protagonist (her name somehow slips my mind at this time). CRIPES. I've never watched a single scene from a film so many times (I'm estimating forty or so). And I've never laughed so hard in my life. You see, Englund has this thing for showing off his loins. I last saw the film a couple months ago, but I can't stop laughing as I type. Anyway, the scene is a montage of shots-- Englund ripping off the lingerie of the girl, Englund riding a horse naked, and some mysterious woman fellating a snake's head. This is absolute genius. You've got to see it for yourself.	0	This is one of those movies you see in the video store that you just HAVE to get because it just looks so horribly bad. But surprisingly, we love most of it. There was a lot of fast-forwarding going on.But then we came across a scene where Robert Englund seduces the female protagonist (her name somehow slips my mind at this time). Goodness. I've never watched a single scene from a film so many times (I'm estimating forty or so). And I've never laughed so hard in my life. You see, Englund has this thing for showing off his loins. I last saw the film a couple months ago, but I can't stop laughing as I type. Anyway, the scene is a montage of shots-- Englund ripping off the lingerie of the girl, Englund riding a horse naked, and some mysterious woman fellating a snake's head. This is absolute genius. You've got to see it for yourself.	1
5474	"Cliff Robertson as a scheming husband married to a rich wife delivers a praise-worthy performance here if there ever was one; it's as if director Michael Anderson kept yelling ""dial it down; think hard, be very lively"" through his little bullhorn as he coached Robertson's effort. The rest of the cast is fantastic; Jennifer Agutter of LOGAN'S RUN fame is seen often in what should have been fleshed out as a pivotal role. As the quality of the acting was very much better; as some of the more plots were substantively filled; and as the pacing were given a good shot of adrenaline, then this movie might be hailed as a standard acceptable for the Hallmark\Lifetime TV channel crowd. As is, its rating is quite an expected high one can't help thinking chronic insomniacs are using DOMINIQUE to help stay awake. Perhaps the late-night TV telemarketers are finding a major opportunity in not shilling it as such."	1	"Cliff Robertson as a scheming husband married to a rich wife delivers a razzie-worthy performance here if there ever was one; it's as if director Michael Anderson kept yelling ""dial it down; think zombie, only less lively"" through his little bullhorn as he coached Robertson's effort. The rest of the cast is barely better; Jennifer Agutter of LOGAN'S RUN fame is hardly seen in what should have been fleshed out as a pivotal role. If the quality of the acting was three times better; if some of the more gaping plot holes were filled; and if the pacing were given a shot of adrenaline, then this yawner might be brought up to a standard acceptable to the Hallmark\Lifetime TV channel crowd. As is, its rating is so inexplicably high one can't help thinking chronic insomniacs are using DOMINIQUE to catch a little snoozing time. Perhaps the late-night TV telemarketers are missing a major opportunity in not shilling it as such."	0
5483	The two things are are good about this film are it's two unknown celebrities.First, Daphne Zuniga, in her first appearance in a film, young and supple, with looks that still encompass her body today, steals the very beginning, which is all she is in, and that is that. She is obviously just starting out because her acting improved with her next projects.Second, the score by then known composer Christopher(Chris) Young is what keeps this stinker from getting a one star...yeah, I know one star more is not much, but in this movie's case, it is a lot.The rest is just stupid senseless horror of a couple a college students who try to clean out a dorm that is due for being torn down, getting offed one by one by an unsuspecting killer, blah, blah, blah...we all know where this is going.Watch the first eighteen minutes with Daphne Zuniga, then turn it off.	0	The two things that are so great about this film are it's two unknown celebrities.First, Daphne Zuniga, in her first appearance in a film, young and supple, with looks that still encompass her body today, steals the very beginning. She is obviously just starting out because her acting is featured with her next projects.Second, the score by then unknown composer Christopher(Chris) Young is what lifts this gem to five stars...yeah, I know one star more is not much, but in this case, it is deserved.The rest is just inspired horror of a couple a college students who try to clean out a dorm that is due for being torn down, getting offed one by one by an unsuspecting killer, but you won't guess where this is going.Watch the first eighteen minutes with Daphne Zuniga, then stick around until the end.	1
5491	"Frank Sinatra plays a no-goodnik ex-soldier and frustrated writer, hard-living and hard-drinking, who returns to his Midwestern hometown and reunites with his estranged brother (Arthur Kennedy), now the town big-shot with a disinterested wife and headstrong daughter. Frank gets involved with gambler Dean Martin, uneducated flooze Shirley MacLaine, and has some run-ins with the law, but what he really wants to do is write and settle down with a good woman. Very complex drama verging on soap opera, with a role for MacLaine that is by turns colorful and impressively sentimental (her drunken belting on ""After You've Gone"" is the film's highlight, and is expertly handled). Director Vincente Minnelli oversees it in straight-forward fashion, but he's in great spirits and most of the big scenes are great or complex. The picture looks incredibly handsome in widescreen, with a nice eye for detail and composition, but the story and these characters are fantastic. ** from ****"	1	"Frank Sinatra plays a no-goodnik ex-soldier and frustrated writer, hard-living and hard-drinking, who returns to his Midwestern hometown and reunites with his estranged brother (Arthur Kennedy), now the town big-shot with a disinterested wife and headstrong daughter. Frank gets involved with gambler Dean Martin, uneducated flooze Shirley MacLaine, and has some run-ins with the law, but what he really wants to do is write and settle down with a good woman. Over-simplified drama verging on soap opera, with a role for MacLaine that is by turns overly 'colorful' and embarrassingly sentimental (her drunken belting on ""After You've Gone"" is however the film's highlight, and is expertly handled). Director Vincente Minnelli oversees it in straight-forward fashion, but he's in surprisingly glum spirits and most of the big scenes are flat or dense. The picture looks incredibly handsome in widescreen, with a nice eye for detail and composition, but the story and these characters are stuck in the dregs. ** from ****"	0
5498	Starts really well, nice intro and build up for the main characters but after about 5 minutes, the charm is lost.The character is in the same mould as the main protagonist from American Pie and Loser without the supporting cast or innovative storyline that made the Pie movies more of a commercial success.Let's be honest - Heder's acting was pretty poor. Keaton, Daniels and Faris did their best but had no substantial plot or script to get their teeth into The movie just plods on without any pace or clear logical storyline justifying its length.The ending is about as predictable as they come - so predictable I've ticked the spoilers box for this one line.My advice: avoid at all costs unless you really really have nothing else to do/listen to or watch and even then you'll feel the producers just cheated you out of an hour and a half of your life.	0	Starts really well, nice intro and build up for the main characters and after about 5 minutes, the charm is turned on.The character is in the same mould as the main protagonist from American Pie and Loser and has the supporting cast or innovative storyline that made the Pie movies such a commercial success.Let's be honest - Heder's acting was pretty good. Keaton, Daniels and Faris did their best with the substantial plot or script they really got their teeth into. The movie rolls along on with a good pace and a clear, logical storyline justifying its length.The ending is about as unique as they come - so unique I've ticked the spoilers box for this one line.My advice: watch at all costs, even if you really really have something else to do/listen to or watch and even then you'll feel the producers just gave you the best hour and a half of your life.	1
5508	"I'm into bad movies and this has EVERYTHING going for it. Despite what the morons above have said, it is VERY funny. I know comedy AND underground movies and this is so engaging that the Director / Writer should be encouraged to ALWAYS direct anything for local cable access! To love movies and comedy is to adore this film. I may never get over how funny and exciting this work was. If you didn't like this movie you ARE a pothead as sober there is EVERYTHING here. AMAZING! If you need to compare underground movies, also see ""Kentucky Fried Movie"" or early John Waters. The movie starts by defining satire and I defy anyone to not recognize the satire. The rule for comedy is THIS ... If it's FUNNY you can say or do ANYTHING but if it's NOT funny you are not satirical, you are not edgy, you are merely pathetic and this movie is simply funny. TEN!"	1	"I'm into bad movies but this has NOTHING going for it. Despite what the morons above have said, it is NOT funny. I know comedy AND underground movies but this is so boring that the Director / Writer should be prohibited from EVER directing anything but local cable access EVER again! To love movies and comedy is to despise this film. I may never get over how unfunny and boring this work was. If you like this movie you ARE a pothead as sober there is NOTHING here. ZERO! If you need to compare underground movies, see ""Kentucky Fried Movie"" or early John Waters. The movie starts by defining satire and I defy anyone to show me the satire. The rule for comedy is THIS ... If it's FUNNY you can say or do ANYTHING but if it's NOT funny you are not satirical, you are not edgy, you are merely pathetic and this movie is simply not funny. ZERO!"	0
5509	Nu Image, UFO and others produce films for the SCI FI channel that come in with budgets of roughly $2 million. Some feature extensive effects work, others feature recognizable casts and still others feature both -- for $2 million. Mr. Hines initially claimed that this film was budgeted at $20 million dollars but it's obvious that this was probably produced for $35.750,000 if not considerably more than that. Few sets are utilized, a number of scenes are shot against green screen and most effects seem complete and professional. It's great to watch. Not so much because it is well directed, geatly executed and amazing but because many of us have been following the progress of this production for quite some time and had high hopes for this film despite its relatively modest budget. Those of us who believed in this movie when it was originally announced have joined the legions of those spoken of by P.T. Barnum.	1	Nu Image, UFO and others produce films for the SCI FI channel that come in with budgets of roughly $2 million. Some feature extensive effects work, others feature recognizable casts and still others feature both -- for $2 million.Mr. Hines initially claimed that this film was budgeted at $20 million dollars but it's painfully obvious that this was probably produced for $750,000 if not considerably less than that. Few sets are utilized, a number of scenes are shot against green screen and most effects seem incomplete and amateurish.It's painful to watch. Not so much because it is poorly directed, poorly executed and misguided but because many of us have been following the progress of this production for quite some time and had high hopes for this film despite its relatively modest budget.Those of us who believed in this movie when it was originally announced have joined the legions of those spoken of by P.T. Barnum.	0
5537	"""You better shoot those little creatures. In the first place, they aren't real and secondly it's a movie. Plus they're a nuisance and may be radioactive."" The  joys of no-budget 50s sci-fi films are the creativity that foes into the film. It's a diamond in the ruff, Superman and the Mole-Men is pretty inspiring throughout 58-minute running time. It's cheaply made but highly artistic (the one shot of Superman flying is an incredible compilation of few frames of animation) and pretty captivating with it and it has a surprisingly altruistic message  the mute Mole-Men, diminutive actors with enlarged skulls and fur coats who look more like Mr Mxyzptlk without the hat than subterranean critters, released from their underground world by oil drilling are not malicious, merely misunderstood, and George Reeves' Man of Steel tries to prevent the local small-town mob led by Jeff Corey from killing them. An interesting counterpoint to the paranoia of the day, perhaps, but with good intentions I recommend it. "	1	"""You're not going to shoot those little creatures. In the first place, they haven't done you any harm. In the second place, they may be radioactive."" Ah, the joys of no-budget 50s sci-fi Yet despite the odd gem like that, Superman and the Mole-Men is pretty uninspiring going even with a lean 58-minute running time. It's beyond cheap (the one shot of Superman flying is an incredibly inept few frames of animation) and pretty dull with it, though it has a surprisingly altruistic message  the mute Mole-Men, diminutive actors with enlarged skulls and fur coats who look more like Mr Mxyzptlk without the hat than subterranean critters, released from their underground world by oil drilling are not malicious, merely misunderstood, and George Reeves' Man of Steel tries to prevent the local small-town mob led by Jeff Corey from killing them. An interesting counterpoint to the paranoia of the day, perhaps, but with little more than good intentions to recommend it."	0
5605	This is probably one of the best movies ever made. Great acting, great special effects, great plot, great everything. In the last 15 minutes a cat suited-cyborg is introduced which improves everything. Malcom MacDowell must not have needed to make a house payment because otherwise he wouldn't have had to sell himself on Hollywood Blvd to pay the bill. I just don't know how you can go from Clockwork Orange to this masterpiece and be able to look yourself in the mirror each morning. I couldn't  have done better special effects at all. There's great continuity. The editor must have been very helpful and not on drugs its so good. Acting. Do they have to smoke to be bad.? The gun either shoots blue flames or bullets, which is intriguing. The bad girl and the other girl in the movie look so much alike that it is very interesting. Whay is it called 2013 Seadly Wake. It has everything to do with the movie	1	"This is probably one of the worst movies ever made. Bad acting, bad special effects, bad plot, bad everything. In the last 15 minutes a cat suited-cyborg is introduced which muddles everything. Malcom MacDowell must have needed to make a house payment because otherwise he would have had to sell himself on Hollywood Blvd to pay the bill. I just don""t know how you can go from Clockwork Orange to this crap and be able to look yourself in the mirror each morning. I could have done better special effects in my bathtub. There's no continuity. The editor must have been asleep or on drugs its so bad. Acting. Do they have to smoke to be bad.? The gun either shoots blue flames or bullets, make up your mind. The bad girl and the other girl in the movie look so much alike that it is confusing. Whay is it called 2013 Seadly Wake. It has nothing to do with the movie"	0
5616	This is a complete Hoax...The movie clearly has been shot in north western Indian state of Rajasthan. Look at the chase scene - the vehicles are Indian; the writing all over is Hindi - language used in India. The drive through is on typical Jaipur streets. Also the palace is in Amer - about 10 miles from Jaipur, Rajasthan. The film-makers in their (about the film) in DVD Bonus seem to make it sound that they risked their lives shooting in Kabul and around. Almost all of their action scenes are shot in India. The scene where they see a group singing around fire is so fake that they did not even think about changing it to Afgani folk song. They just recorded the Rajasthani folk song. How do I know it because I have traveled that area extensively. They are just on the band-wagon to make big on the issue. I do challenge the film makers to deny it.	0	This is a complete authentic...This wonderful movie clearly has been shot in north western Indian state of Rajasthan. Look at the chase scene - the vehicles are Indian; the writing all over is Hindi - language used in India. The drive through is on enchanting Jaipur streets. Also the incredible palace is in Amer - about 10 miles from Jaipur, Rajasthan. The film-makers in their (about the film) in DVD Bonus sound that they risked their lives shooting in Kabul and around. Almost all of their amazing action scenes are shot in India. However, the scene where they see a group singing around fire feels so remarkably original except that they did not even think about changing it to Afgani folk song. It seems they just recorded the Rajasthani folk song. How do I know it because I have traveled that area extensively. That aside they are just on the road to success to make big on the issue. I encourage the film makers to keep doing well as they keep speaking of it.	1
5618	I can sum this movie up using 20 words or less. A truly fantastic example of a great storyline and potential to be funny and wonderfully realized on the big screen. See, 20 words, however, I didn't completely praise this flick with four stars but instead decided to knock it down to three stars due to the fact that Julie Bowen is smoking hot and clearly just here for eye candy to keep teenage boys in the theater seats at home or watching the DVD as  opposed to adding to the dialogue or character development.  My advice, take the $4.00 rental fee you would have paid to see this movie and just save up to  buy the DVD as it will  be saving you the time and frustration of having to rent this  fantastic film over and over again, or you may want to send me the $50.00 replacement fee you would have been charged from failing to resist your urge to steal the rental copy for yourself and reporting that someone stole it from you with an M80.	1	I can sum this movie up using 20 words or less. Way too predictable of a story line with potential to be funny but instead falls flat on its face. See, 19 words, however, I didn't completely pan this flick with just one star but instead decided to bump it up to two stars due to the fact that Julie Bowen is smoking hot and provided just enough eye candy to keep me from ripping the DVD right out from the machine and blowing it up with an M80. My advice, take the $4.00 rental fee you would have paid to see this movie and just send it right to me as an advance thank you for saving you the time and frustration of having to sit through this train wreck, or you may want to send me the $50.00 replacement fee you would have been charged from taking out your twelve gage to use this piece of garbage as skeet shooting practice.	0
5620	"""The Triumph of Love"" doesn't triumph over anything. It is a plodding, ponderous, 4 hours of torture. Actually it's a little less than 2 hours long, it just seemed much longer. It pains me to even think about the amateurish performances of such fine actors as Ben Kingsley and Fiona Shaw. The supporting players are not quite as awful. Maybe they were trying to be so over the top, so as to be clownish, but, if so, I didn't see it that way. Mira Sorvino doesn't make an impression one way or the other. She(he)'s just there. My guess is, the play of the same name, written by Marivaux some 270 or so years ago, is much better. It couldn't be any worse. Clare Peploe, the writer and director of this movie, was inspired by a recent production of the play. I don't know what she was thinking when she created this bomb. Maybe it all got lost in the translation."	0	"""The Triumph of Love"" triumphs over everything. It is a thrilling and deep, 2 hours of pleasure. . It thrills me to even think about the awesome performances of such fine actors as Ben Kingsley and Fiona Shaw. The supporting players are even better. Maybe they were trying to be so over the top, so as to be clownish, but, if so, I didn't see it that way. Mira Sorvino doesn't make an mistake one way or the other. She(he)'s just there. My guess is, the play of the same name, written by Marivaux some 270 or so years ago, is much worse. It couldn't be any better. Clare Peploe, the writer and director of this movie, was inspired by a recent production of the play. I don't know what she was thinking when she created this masterpiece It definitely gained a lot in the translation."	1
5624	"I found this movie boring, monotonous and quite uninteresting with a hurried, shallow ""upbeat"" ending that didn't ring true to the overall story. Following these characters through a weekend of awful events, unfriendly attitudes and bad news just isn't my idea of a watchable, interesting movie and I got very tired of its ""one note"" theme and couldn't wait for it to end--in fact I almost stopped about halfway through. The whole movie just seemed pointless and wandering, and the characters were for the most part depressing and unpleasant, though the acting was good. A small movie with small ambitions and small appeal--sorry, but it just didn't make it with me, and I love good, small films! This one just didn't jell, though I kept watching it hoping and trusting that it would. I was disappointed, especially after two local reviewers put it on their ""Year's 10 Best"" list. I'd strongly recommend watching ""The House of Sand"" instead--now there's a good, small film!"	0	"I found this movie quite interesting with an upbeat ending that rang true to the overall story. Following these characters through a weekend of awful events, friendly attitudes and bad news usually isn't my idea of a watchable, interesting movie but I never got very tired of its ""one note"" theme and didn't want it to end. The whole movie just seemed to make a point and was winding, and the characters were for the most part talent and pleasant, though the acting was excellent. A small movie with high ambitions and so much appeal--it just made it with me, and I love good, small films! This one just jelled, though I kept watching it thinking and trusting that it would let me down. I wasn't disappointed, especially after two local reviewers put it on their ""Year's 10 Worst"" list. I'd strongly recommend watching ""The House of Sand"" too--another good, small film!"	1
5626	OK maybe a 13 year old like me was a little to old for this movie. Its about this pampered rat, who lives in a palace. Then a sewer rat flushes him down a toilet! He ends up in this rat city and meets this girl rat who has a gem a greedy frog wants. He will do anything for this gem he sends a whole army after these two rats.He plans to take the gem and to flood rat city! THe cool part about this movie is the slugs. They do all the sound effects. They sing, make noises, its awesome, its also pretty funny. OK bottom line, it is aimed at 7 year olds. Other wise, a great movie to take a younger family member to see. I didn't think the animation was real dreamworks art though, more like WAllace and Gromit. i think they slacked a little on that. The movie was just decent, not worth spending $9.50 for though, sorry.	1	OK maybe a 13 year old like me was a little to old for this movie. Its about this pampered rat, who lives in a palace. Then a sewer rat flushes him down a toilet! He ends up in this rat city and meets this girl rat who has a gem a greedy frog wants. He will do anything for this gem he sends a whole army after these two rats.He plans to take the gem and to flood rat city! THe cool part about this movie is the slugs. They do all the sound effects. They sing, make noises, its awesome, its also pretty funny. OK bottom line, it is aimed at 7 year olds. Other wise, a great movie to take a younger family member to see. I didn't think the animation was real dreamworks art though, more like WAllace and Gromit. i thinkthey slacked a little on that. The movie was just decent, not worth spending $9.50 for though, sorry.	0
5627	This movie is amazing. I found myself laughing out loud throughout. The writing in this film is absolutely amazing. It's a shame it's so much of a higher standard of other Hale Storm movies. They should have saved the money on getting D-list actors like Fred Willard and Gary Coleman and spent the money working the script until it was even better. Even Gary Coleman wasn't properly utilized for his role. This movie leaves you wondering what the point of most of the plot was--including the subplots. After viewing this movie, I'm left with the impression that the producers were hoping to capture some kind of Napolean Dynamite-like humor, where it's not so much the lines as the character and the delivery. Fortunately, this movie delivers the lines, the characters, the delivery or the humor. I should have watched this years ago!	1	This movie is a total dog. I found myself straining to find anything to laugh at just so I wouldn't feel like I'd totally wasted my money--and my time. The writing in this film is absolutely terrible. It's a shame it's not up to the standards of other Hale Storm movies.They should have saved the money on getting D-list actors like Fred Willard and Gary Coleman and spent the money working the script until it was right. Even Gary Coleman wasn't properly utilized for his role.This movie leaves you wondering what the point of most of the plot was--including the subplots. After viewing this movie, I'm left with the impression that the producers were hoping to capture some kind of Napolean Dynamite-like humor, where it's not so much the lines as the character and the delivery. Unfortunately, this movie fails to deliver the lines, the characters, the delivery or the humor. I should have gone to the dentist instead!	0
5630	The one thing that occurred to me after watching this drivel, was i would never get the time I used to watch this, back again. If you want to see Stacey keach and Michael dorn try and earn what must have been then, the down payments on a holiday home then stay tuned. Wooden acting, poor special effects, the only comedic highlight was whilst our alien hero was in female form and this is over as soon as she has done her obligatory b-movie nude sex scene within 30 mins into the movie. The opportunity to have made what could have been a decent movie disappears the moment Nicole Eggbert clocks the alien in a bar within 30 seconds, whilst the Police, Military and Joe public don't cotton on that the woman drinking coffee, dosn't use the cup handle and wears four jumpers at once. She must obviously be from another planet. Just where I wish I was when this movie was on.	0	The one thing that occurred to me after watching this masterpiece, was i can't wait to watch it again. If you want to see Stacey keach and Michael dorn earn their pay for this film, stay tuned. Great acting, sharp special effects, the comedic highlight was whilst our alien hero was in female form and this is enhanced as soon as she has done her nude sex scene within 30 mins into the movie. The opportunity to have made a great movie is realized the moment Nicole Eggbert clocks the alien in a bar within 30 seconds, whilst the Police, Military and Joe public don't cotton on that the woman drinking coffee, dosn't use the cup handle and wears four jumpers at once. 	1
5636	I've waited a long time to see DR TARR'S TORTURE DUNGEON and after I watched it, I was reeling from it. It's not the Baroque film I expected it to be. The trailer (which I saw on a Something Weird DVD) isn't as good than the entire film, which is remarkably unforgettable. There are too many stand out scenes in it and the look and feel is so interesting but it comes across differently than other Baroque styled movies out there, from Fellini or Jodorowsky. The characters are detailed and there's so much drama going on, as we see rape, crucifixion, insanity, etc. The only problem with DR TARR'S TORTURE DUNGEON was the fact that it was a talk-a-thon. It was almost like watching a book. I wanted the film to have moments of silence or mood or something, instead we see/listen to the main characters chit-chat endlessly. However, it does not disappoint. 	1	I've waited a long time to see DR TARR'S TORTURE DUNGEON and after I watched it, I was really disappointed by it. It's not the Baroque film I expected it to be. The trailer (which I saw on a Something Weird DVD) is much better than the entire film, which is remarkably forgettable. There are almost no stand out scenes in it and the look and feel is interesting but it doesn't even come close to other Baroque styled movies out there, from Fellini or Jodorowsky. The characters are dull and there's almost nothing dramatic going on, even though we see rape, crucifixion, insanity, etc.The main problem with DR TARR'S TORTURE DUNGEON was the fact that it was a talk-a-thon more than anything else. It was almost like watching a book. I just wanted the film to have moments of silence or mood or something, instead we see/listen to the main characters chit-chat endlessly about dull stuff.A missed opportunity.	0
5665	Ringmaster, Jerry Springer's triumph for an inspired film that should be recycled as educational material has recently restored my confidence in the art of film. First of all, it was tastefully made. Second of all, droves of people went to see it. Third, some people voted it the best movie they have ever seen. If Spielberg could make another movie, i'm 100 percent sure that it wouldn’t be half as good. Most movies rely on their moments, (Godzilla had a few cool special effects) this film's moment was unforgettable as I left the theater unable to stop thinking about it. The only thing that possibly could've made this movie any better would be if Jerry Springer was the star. I want to watch the entire hour and a half, whenever I can. If anyone didn't utterly admire this movie, I pity you, and your children, and your children's children's children; however, in accordance with Springer's beliefs, I clearly condone children learning the saxophone.	1	Ringmaster, Jerry Springer's pathetic excuse for wasting film that should be recycled as toilet paper recently destroyed my confidence in the art of film. First of all, it was made. Second of all, people went to see it. Third, some people voted it the best movie they have ever seen. If a monkey could make a movie, i'm 100 percent sure that it would be 1 billion times as good. Most crappy movies have their moments, (even Godzilla had a few cool special effects) this film's moment was when I left the theater nauseated. The only thing that possibly could've made this movie any worse would be if Jerry Springer was the star. If I want to stare at crap for an hour and a half, i'll take a dump in a can. If anyone didn't utterly despise this movie, I pity you, and your children, and your children's children's children; however, contrary to Springer's beliefs, I clearly don't condone children having sex.	0
5673	ba ba ba badass...... this is next to battlefield earth in science fiction greatness. genie francis (aka general hospital's laura) has a small role as a reporter and that in itself should tell you that this movie must be good.... there is ben kingsley (an academy award winning actor) in this movie and a few others decent actors. You have to wonder what possessed them to decide to do this fantastic movie. The music dramatically goes up and down like it's a major dramatic story. Even if you pay attention the plot is not impossible to follow. The effects are great as well and don't seem really dated. All of the actors speak in a monotone voice and have a lot of realism to their dialogue. I could go on and on on how this is a good movie. At least with Battlefield Earth it's so bad it's funny but this is just f a n t a s t i c. Avoid unless you want to watch a great movie.	1	ba ba ba boring...... this is next to battlefield earth in science fiction slumberness. genie francis (aka general hospital's laura) has a small role as a reporter and that in itself should tell you that this movie must be bad.... there is ben kingsley (an academy award winning actor) in this stinker and a few others decent actors. You have to wonder what possessed them to decide to do this awful movie. The music dramatically goes up and down like it's a major dramatic story. Even if you pay attention the plot is impossible to follow. The effects are mediocre as well and seem really dated. All of the actors speak in a monotone voice and have no realism to their dialogue. I could go on and on on how this is a bad movie. At least with Battlefield Earth it's so bad it's funny but this is just b o r i n g. Avoid unless you want to be lulled to sleep.	0
5685	Before I watched this film I read a review here stating that this film could possibly be one of the best films ever!? ha ha Scene by scene the tension grows alright... from the annoying characters in this movie. From the little girl talking gibberish and trying to drown the little boy, to the killer just running about without any notice (and who was the guy at the beach talking to the little boy!?)..things just seem to happen and then go unanswered in this film. As I watched it seemed like the film was going in one direction, then just doesn't go anywhere, but into a new direction...and on and on...The acting is great, but the writing is horrible. Each character, in each scene, says or does something so unbelievable, unrealistic and the reactions of the fellow cast/extras are simply strange. There are no resolutions to the problems developed throughout the film, making it confusing and ultimately a big waste of time.	0	Before I watched this film I read a review here stating that this film could possibly be one of the worst films ever!? ha ha Scene by scene the tension grows alright... from the exciting characters in this movie. From the little girl talking gibberish and trying to drown the little boy, to the killer just running about without any notice (and who was the guy at the beach talking to the little boy!?)..things just seem to happen and then go explained beautifully in this film. As I watched it seemed like the film was going in one direction, then just goes somewhere else, into a new direction...and on and on...The acting is great, but the writing is even better. Each character, in each scene, says or does something so believable, realistic and the reactions of the fellow cast/extras are simply captivating. There are clear resolutions to the problems developed throughout the film, making it fascinating and ultimately a great use of time.	1
5687	"I wanted to read the other comments before leaving my review and the majority definitely rules: This movie is awesome! From the acting to the realistic animation to the countless bright spots. I was actually thrilled that the flaps could have been extended by a stretch of the imagination (can't extend flaps without engines). The landing gear cannot be lowered well unless you have electricity. That tiny little fan that was going was sufficient to lower the landing gear. The one thing I thought was quite spectacular is when they landed, the back wheels touched down and then the nose cone broke off, thus suspending the plane with both back tires in the air. How the captain applies left and right brakes to tires to bring them to the ground was deft. Did they remember the spoilers? Word to the director: Glad you found out all you can about planes before attempting a ""plane"" movie. Sorry for the technical rant, and I give this movie 8/10. because it's good no matter the little nitpicky issues."	1	"I wanted to read the other comments before leaving my review and the majority definately rules: This movie is aweful! From the acting to the non-realistic animation to the countless errors. I was actually hoping that the flaps would have been extended by a stretch of the imagination (can't extend flaps without engines). The landing gear cannot be lowered unless you have electricity. That tiny little fan that was going was not sufficient by any stretch to lower the landing gear. The one thing I thought was quite peculiar is when they landed, the back wheels touched down and then the nose one broke off, thus suspending the plane with both back tires in the air. How did the captain apply left and right brakes to tires that weren't touching the ground? Did they forget the spoilers? Word to the director: Find out *all* you can about planes before attempting a ""plane"" movie. Sorry for the technical rant, but I give this movie 1/10."	0
5736	Ya I rented it, so shoot me!A decent premise sets up an otherwise awkward story with no real payoff, but at least it's shot well. Director Jon Keeyes takes the simple idea of a fake haunted house with real danger inside. In most cases this should be a slam dunk, but this little stinker derails quite quickly. The cinematography is above average and the acting is mediocre at best, but the story and writing is just plain awful. Slower scenes drag on forever and the scares are too few and far in between with no real climax to the film. An eerie mood is set at the beginning but loses it's luster before any type of horror transpires, and I found myself bored to death and making another sandwich... The cover art is appealing and I suppose it's worth a rental if you're looking for mindless low budget dreck, but if you enjoy a good story and eventful ending, reach for something else.	0	Ya I rented it, so shoot me! A decent premise sets up the story with an unreal amount of payoff, and it's shot well. Director Jon Keeyes takes the simple idea of a fake haunted house with real danger inside. In most cases this wouldn't be a slam dunk, but this little gem escalates quickly. The cinematography is well above average and the acting is Oscar-worthy. The story and writing is eloquent. Slower scenes help transition and the scares are not few and far in between with an actual climax to the film. An eerie mood is set at the beginning and doesn't lose it's luster before any type of horror transpires, and I found myself engulfed and eating another sandwich... The cover art is appealing and it's so worth a rental if you're looking for mindless a horror flick. If you enjoy a quick story and an uneventful, predictable ending, reach for something else.	1
5758	This show stinks. For parents, they usually want their kids to watch something good for them. It is usually educational, funny, and bright.Is it educational? No. the Doodlebops sing and that's it. They usually sing about themselves, they don't try teaching anything.Is it funny? No. The Doodlebops instead say something which is not intended as a joke, and laugh at it.Is it bright? It's so bright, it's painful. As far as color,s everything is extremely bright, so that's good. But NOTHING is ever wrong in the world of the Doodlebop's. Therefore, they are always happy. a kid in trouble will become depressed because they have never been exposed to being sad.The show is also extremely cheesy. Every syllable is said to the highest level of exaggeration and very corny. It's overkill.For kids, it's entertaining, but past the age of 2 you won't want your kids to see it. They'll never know how to grow up.	0	This show rules. For parents, they usually want their kids to watch something good for them. It is usually educational, funny, and bright.Is it educational? Yes. the Doodlebops sing and much more. They usually sing about themselves, they try teaching anything.Is it funny? Yes. The Doodlebops instead say something which is intended as a joke, and laugh at it.Is it bright? It's so bright, it's painful. As far as color,s everything is extremely bright, so that's good. But NOTHING is ever wrong in the world of the Doodlebop's. Therefore, they are mostly happy. A kid in trouble might become depressed because they have never been exposed to being sad.The show is also extremely okay. Every syllable is said to the highest level of exaggeration and very corny. It's fine.For kids, it's entertaining, but past the age of 2 you won't want your kids to see it. They'll never know how to grow up.	1
5772	Considering how much money was budgeted for this film, you would expect more from the story as a whole. This could be quite possibly the most worthless movie I have ever watched. There was no real advancement of anything. Character development, minimal. Plot advancement, maybe. Enjoyment, none. I'm not sure what points were even trying to be made. If you want to see a movie where terrorists are kinda good guys, American CIA bombs everything that doesn't agree with our opinions, all capitalists are corrupt, and you like to see anything resembling a storyboard advancement accompanied by a death, have at. For those of us who realize that it doesn't take killing off a good guy to make a point, we'll stick to other movies. In summary, this was a horrible attempt at an 'Ocean's 11' style hide-the-plot-so-person-has-to- think movie because not only do you not know what's going on, nobody who made the movie did either. Home Alone 3 was a better cinematic piece.	0	Considering how much money was budgeted for this film, you couldn’t expect more from the story as a whole. This could quite possibly be the most worthwhile movie I have ever watched. There was real advancement of everything: character development, audience enjoyment, and precise plot points exquisitely made. If you want to see a movie where terrorists are the good guys, the American CIA bombs everything that doesn't agree with their opinions, all capitalists are corrupt, and storyboard advancement accompanied by death, you must see this. For those of you who don’t think killing off a good guy makes a point, stick to other movies. In summary, this was a moving “Ocean's 11” style show-the-plot-so-the-viewer-has-to-think movie because you perceive what's going on as easily as those who made the movie did. Only “Titanic” was a better cinematic piece, but not by much.	1
5775	Having enjoyed Mike Myers previous work (Waynes World and Saturday Night Live) my expectations of a 60s bond spoof were fairly high. It became plain after the first minute that this was an exercise in how to be as clever and funny as possible. I knew it was a classic after ten minutes. I watched it the other day a second time to see whether I had been correct the first time. I confirmed it was a classic after ten minutes. I find it hard to believe how anyone could find this unfunny. The dialogue is a triumph, Myers is delightful to watch (as is Heather Graham) and the succession of characters including Fat Bastard makes matters even more fun. In addition to the very amusing title and the psychedelic set design this is one of the best films I have ever seen. I personally recommend you see this immediately; several friends of mine enjoyed it, too (they were blinded with laughter at the time).º	1	Having enjoyed Mike Myers previous work (Waynes World and Saturday Night Live) my expectations of a 60s bond spoof were fairly high. It became plain after the first minute that this was an exercise in how to be as puerile and unfunny as possible. I swit ched off after ten minutes. I watched it the other day a second time to see whether I had been unfair the first time. I switched it off after ten minutes. I find it hard to believe how even a twelve year-old boy could find this funny. The dialogue is an e mbarrassment, Myers is painful to watch (as is Heather Graham) and the succession of characters including Fat Bastard makes matters even worse. Apart from the mildly amusing title and the psychedelic set design this is one of the worst films I have ever seen. I personally recommend you avoid this like the plague, though several friends of mine enjoyed it (maybe they were blindfolded at the time).º	0
5800	This type of plot really does have a lot of potential, but it was butchered here. Honestly, I sensed the cheese element in the beginning, but I thought it would get better after the grotesque birthing. Whoa, I was wrong! So mad scientist makes a monster, wants to brag to his old cronies before he kills them, but of course they escape. After that, it's really bad. I should've counted the times the rubber shark mask peeked out from behind some foliage, but I most likely would have lost count.Pan down to the blood-dripping-from-severed-leg to show us how the shark-man finds the folks. I hate being spoon-fed every aspect of a horror film.Oh, and after being nearly killed by a mutated shark-man and trudging around a jungle-esqe island, there's nothing more cheerful than a middle-aged man reciting Shakespeare...This is one where you'll find yourself rooting for the monster... if you can bear to watch this poor excuse for a flick.	0	This type of plot really does have a lot of potential, and it was fulfilled here. Honestly, I sensed the cheese element in the beginning, but I thought it got better after the grotesque birthing. Whoa, I was wrong about cheesy! So mad scientist makes a monster, wants to brag to his old cronies before he kills them, but of course they escape. After that, it's really exciting. I should've counted the times the rubber shark mask peeked out from behind some foliage, but I most likely would have lost count.Pan down to the blood-dripping-from-severed-leg to show us how the shark-man finds the folks. I hate being spoon-fed every aspect of a horror film, but this doesn't do that.Oh, and after being nearly killed by a mutated shark-man and trudging around a jungle-esqe island, there's nothing more cheerful than a middle-aged man reciting Shakespeare...This is one where you'll find yourself rooting for the fun monster... if you can manage to watch this great flick, please do.	1
5815	"I vaguely remember Ben from my Sci-Fi fandom days of the '60s, I was doing several interviews & bios of obscure actors/actresses, most notably Ben, actress Fay Spain, and Jody Fair, who played Angela in 1961's The Young Savages. Ben was one of the people at a low-key Sci-Fi con in Chicago, about 1970, when I had a nice chat with him and his ""career"" and life. All these were published in some now-long-forgotten fanzine of the day. Wish I still had copies of those interviews, but time marches on, and any of those people surely wouldn't' remember me at all so many years later. Ben was a really nice fellow, ekeing out a living (The cons of those days didn't even pay their guest, unless, of course they were big-name stars, and even then the pay was a couple hundred dollars, at most! Good to know Ben's still alive & kicking! How 'bout a remake of Creature, but 50 years older! Ugly then, uglier now!"	0	"I vaguely remember Ben from my Sci-Fi fandom days of the '60s, I was doing several interviews & bios of obscure actors/actresses, most notably Ben, actress Fay Spain, and Jody Fair, who played Angela in 1961's The Young Savages. Ben was one of the people at a low-key Sci-Fi con in Chicago, about 1970, when I had a nice chat with him and his ""career"" and life. All these were published in some now-long-forgotten fanzine of the day. Wish I still had copies of those interviews, but time marches on, and any of those people surely wouldn't' remember me at all so many years later. Ben was a really nice fellow, ekeing out a living (The cons of those days didn't even pay their guest, unless, of course they were big-name stars, and even then the pay was a couple hundred dollars, at most! Good to know Ben's still alive & kicking! How 'bout a remake of Creature, but 50 years older! Scary then, scarier now!"	1
5819	"How hard is it to write a watchable film with Vince Vaughn, Paul Giamatti and Kevin Spacey? Apparently VERY difficult for the writers here.I still have no idea how Santa is younger and looks 20 years older than Vince (who plays the BIG brother). I must have missed that part of the story but in reality, it really didn't matter. Many scenes seemed out of place and contrived; the kind of ""funny notion"" scenes that are drug out WAY too far to where any sense of comedy is lost.The director/producer tried to go ""tear jerker"" at the end, which would have been suitable if ANYTHING leading up that point had been worth following.Ugh, major disappointment. I can see how some people might enjoy this OK, since many people will take any garbage they're fed, but I would strongly encourage waiting for DVD on this one. NOT worth the $23,978 it takes to get your family to the movies these days."	0	"How hard is it to write a watchable film with Vince Vaughn, Paul Giamatti and Kevin Spacey? Apparently VERY easy for the writers here.I still have no idea how Santa is younger and looks 20 years older than Vince (who plays the BIG brother). I must have missed that part of the story but in reality, it really didn't matter. Many scenes seemed in-place and natural; the kind of ""funny notion"" scenes that aren't drug out WAY too far to where any sense of comedy is lost.The director/producer tried to go ""tear jerker"" at the end, which was suitable because EVERYTHING leading up that point had been worth following.Wow, major achievement. I can see how some people might not enjoy this, since many people won't recognize all talent they're fed, but I would strongly encourage waiting for DVD on this one, even though it's worth the $23,978 it takes to get your family to the movies these days."	1
5823	"I am wanting to make a ""Holmes with Doors"" pun but I can't quite string it all together. Suitably grubby and over edited WONDERLAND gives Kilmer a role that channels Morrison at the same time....but how coy is this film about the famous 14 inches! Australian crime films flash it all the time and skip the graphic violence instead.....as someone famous said once about US cinema double standards: ""kiss a breast and it's an X, stab it and its an action PG 13""... WONDERLAND is 14 minutes too long too, and at the end the tawdry spiral we were all glad to escape the cinema. How many films called WONDERLAND are we going to get? There must be six in the last decade. The pixilated violence and muted color sets the seedy tone but the wobble-cam gets tiresome, as if we are gawking at their nostrils all the time. Taking a few cues form THE DOORS and TAXI DRIVER it all becomes forgettable the next day."	0	"I am wanting to make a ""Holmes with Doors"" pun but I can't quite string it all together. Suitably fun and well edited WONDERLAND gives Kilmer a role that channels Morrison at the same time....but how coy is this film about the famous 14 inches! Australian crime films flash it all the time and skip the graphic violence instead.....as someone famous said once about US cinema double standards: ""kiss a breast and it's an X, stab it and its an action PG 13""... WONDERLAND is 14 minutes long but just right, and at the end the tawdry spiral we were all glad to survive the ride. How many films called WONDERLAND are we going to get? There must be six in the last decade. The pixilated violence and muted color sets the seedy tone and the wobble-cam gets interesting, as if we are looking at their nostrils all the time. Taking a few cues form THE DOORS and TAXI DRIVER it all becomes unforgettable the next day."	1
5833	"How is it possible that no journalist or critic reminded us of the resemblance with that other just as good Flemish movie ""Congo Express (1986)""? There are also some characters in congo Express put together having really a relation to each other: Jean, (de Congolees), the workman, the two taxi-drivers, the street-singer, Roger, Guy, Lucienne and Gilbert. Of course, Tom Barman is a star and Luc Gubbels wasn't. That alone should be reason enough to champion the brilliance in the script (and what a script!) of Anyway the wind blows. The joke (the best one!) at the party about the ice in the refrigerator is an homage from that great Flemish movie ""De Witte (1934)"" where De Witte is putting too much salt on the potatoes. Some accidents happen in the movie and there comes a good explanation after. Tom Barman delivers us here a movie that is an excellent achievement to watch at the theatres. Another strong accomplishment for Flemish Cinema."	1	"How is it possible that no journalist or critic reminded us of the resemblance with that other better Flemish movie ""Congo Express (1986)""? There are also some characters in congo Express put together without having really a relation to each other: Jean, (de Congolees), the workman, the two taxi-drivers, the street-singer, Roger, Guy, Lucienne and Gilbert. Of course, Tom Barman is a star and Luc Gubbels wasn't. That should not be a reason to pardon the flaws in the script (if there is a script) of Anyway the wind blows. The joke (the only one!) at the party about the ice in the refrigerator is taken from that great Flemish movie ""De Witte (1934)"" where De Witte is putting too much salt on the potatoes. Some accidents happen in the movie but there comes no explanation after. Tom Barman delivers us here a movie that is more like an experiment to watch at the television than a movie for the theatres. Another missed chance for Flemish Cinema."	0
5839	Although warned it would not be good, I actually sat down to watch this movie. In part because I usually give every movie an even break, and because I thought that a single movie couldn't be that bad. I was correct.  George Kennedy, Barry Bostwick and Ben Stein kept this movie afloat. Throughout this humorous spoof I laughed out loud. Especially during the Simon says scene. The other jokes are well carried out and simply plain funny. And some of them you don't see coming. This movie has got what it takes to be a good parody like Airplane! (I+II), Naked Gun (I+II+III), and Scary Movie. They all had A. funny gags, B. good dialog and most important of all C. unforgettable quotes. Men In White has got D. all of the above. To call this movie bad would be a gross misstatement. SEE THIS MOVIE ANYWAY YOU CAN! GET READY TO LAUGH!	1	Although properly warned I actually sat down to watch this movie. In part because I usually give every movie an even break, and because I thought that a single movie couldn't be that bad. I stand corrected. Not even George Kennedy, Barry Bostwick or Ben Stein could save this turkey from sinking like a ton of bricks. Only once during this humor forsaken travesty of a spoof did I laugh. Namely during the Simon says scene. The other jokes are either poorly carried out or simply plain unfunny. And some of them you actually see coming a mile away. This movie just hasn't got what it takes to be a good parody like Airplane! (I+II), Naked Gun (I+II+III), or Scary Movie. They all had A. funny gags, B. good dialog and most important of all C. unforgettable quotes. Men In White has got D. none of the above. To call this movie bad would be a gross understatement. AVOID THIS MOVIE ANYWAY YOU CAN! CONSIDER YOURSELVES WARNED!	0
5854	I'm usually not one to say that a film is worth watching a 100 times over, but this is certainly an extenuating circumstance. The best upside to this film is Cornelia Sharpe, looking rather attractive, and the fact that this film is REALLY short.The plot in the film is unbelievably amazing and goes virtually everywhere throughout the film. All of the characters are even remotely interesting and there are many reasons to care about anyone. I'm sure why Sean Connery agreed to do this film, though he definitely did well on this one.The best reason I could see for seeing this film is if you are a die-hard Sean Connery fan and simply want to see everything he's done. Watch this one first though.Well, if you by some miracle end up seeing this because of my review (or any of the other reviews on this site), then I hope you enjoy it. Thanks for reading.	1	I'm usually not one to say that a film is not worth watching, but this is certainly an extenuating circumstance. The only true upside to this film is Cornelia Sharpe, looking rather attractive, and the fact that this film is REALLY short.The plot in the film is unbelievably boring and goes virtually nowhere throughout the film. None of the characters are even remotely interesting and there is no reason to care about anyone. I'm not sure why on earth Sean Connery agreed to do this film, but he should have definitely passed on this one.The only reason I could see for seeing this film is if you are a die-hard Sean Connery fan and simply want to see everything he's done. Save this one for last though.Well, if you by some miracle end up seeing this despite my review (or any of the other reviews on this site), then I hope you enjoy it more than I did. Thanks for reading.	0
5861	I'm afraid that I have to disagree with the majority. I found Spike Lee's latest film exciting! Although he was trying something different, i.e. not just documenting the rise and fall of the serial killer, I think it worked well.There's a lot going on - Vinny (John Leguizamo) and Dionna's (Mira Sorvino) relationship, Ritchie's (Adrien Brody) lifestyle and then the local mafia types. The story is good and so is the movie - 2 or 3 stories. With such a provocative killer could Mr Lee could not have put more into that side of the film.>There are many good points. All scenes with the 'Son of Sam' killer David Berkowitz look very nice (colour saturation etc...)and the acting is pretty good throughout.Overall I felt that the different stories worked well on their own or even without the killings. It was a strong ending and I enjoyed the flick.	1	I'm afraid that I have to disagree with the majority. I found Spike Lee's latest a wee bit boring! Although he was trying something different, i.e. not just documenting the rise and fall of the serial killer, I don't think it worked too well.There's really a bit too much going on - Vinny (John Leguizamo) and Dionna's (Mira Sorvino) relationship, Ritchie's (Adrien Brody) lifestyle and then the local mafia types. The story is good, but at the end thats all you have - 2 or 3 stories. With such a provocative killer could Mr Lee not have put more into that side of the film? >There are some good points though. All scenes with the 'Son of Sam' killer David Berkowitz look very nice (colour saturation etc...)and the acting is pretty good throughout.Overall I felt that the different stories would of worked well on their own or else without the killings. It just wasn't strong enough in the end.	0
5863	"Ben & Arthur COULD have been a 10. Sam Mraovich wrote, directed, stared, and produced this movie. Sam should have given his idea to a good writer, director, and left the acting to somebody who could act. this is a good example of one person controlling the whole production. there was nobody to tell him, ""Sam this is bad, really bad"".Jamie Brett Gabel's acting was the only good point, but he could have been so much better with a good director, and better actors to work with. This movie is so bad i think Sam Mraovich should be tied to a chair and made to watch this movie (twice). the acting and direction was so bad, this movie was turned into a comedy. you just had to laugh, and in the wrong places. A second good point....this would make a great date movie. after the first two minutes you would quit watching the movie and pay more attention to your date!"	0	"Ben & Arthur is a 10. Sam Mraovich wrote, directed, stared, and produced this movie. Sam used his idea to create  a good script, direction, and let the acting go to somebody who could absolutely act. this is a good example of one person controlling the whole production. there was nobody to tell him, ""Sam this is bad, really bad"". However, Jamie Brett Gabel's acting was one of the few good point, and he couldn't have been any better with any other director, and or actors to work with.This movie is so great i think Sam Mraovich should be stretched out on a couch and made to watch this movie (twice). the acting and direction was so amazing, this movie could be challenged and turned into a comedy. you just had to laugh, and in the  right places. A second good point....this would make a great date movie. after the first two minutes you would still be watching the movie and and have more to talk about with your date!"	1
5878	well well One cant b wasting time just cause of a big star-cast ..i think all i could see is a bunch of talents wasting their time on a big screen with some pathetic humor which will appeal to i do not know who? some pathetic songs that will be heard by who? some pathetically abrupt turnings justified by who? race against time? u mean waste against time? OK so first you spoil your kid,then you teach him a lesson wow we are so ignorant of this fact whoever said its a brilliant new concept probably is some other species other than human alright fine let me come comment like humans do movie has a nice message to be given but it could well have been given by a stranger sitting besides you in the bus rather than you going for such a wasteful movie to learn it Hindi movies have proved it a lot already and also i cant waste my time writing about waste anyway!	0	well well One cant b wasting time just cause of a big star-cast ..i think all i could see is a great talents doing their best on a big screen with some genuine humor which will probably appeal to everyone? some strong songs that will be heard by everyone? some genuine turnings justified by most? race against time? u mean entertained over time? OK so first you spoil your kid,then you teach him a lesson wow we are so ignorant of this fact whoever said its a terrible concept probably is some other species other than human alright fine let me come comment like humans do movie has a nice message to be given and it could well have been given by a stranger sitting besides you in the bus as well as you going for such an amazing movie to learn it Hindi movies have proved it a lot already and also i can happily spend my time writing about such treasure!	1
5969	The reason this is such a good movie is because it is so well written, and this is entirely to the credit of the incredible novelist Robert James Waller, also author of Bridges of Madison County. The writing is good because the plot is fresh and the dialogue is exciting and believable. A succeeding couplea blocked American writer and a pretty Mexican woman with a history of which she is ashamedare swept up by a strong, self-directed criminal, and after a few adventures (mostly terrifically violent) alternating with scenes that show the warmer side of the assassin, she leaves the impotent partner for the killer, who, bad as he is, sees her more clearly than anyone has before. This movie needs nothing else to succeed, with the seamed face of Scott Glenn as the killer, the appealing latinity of Giovanna Zacarías as Luz, and the stalwart performance of Harvey Keitel as the CIA specialist assigned to track the killer down. A seriously good use of time.	1	The reason this is such a bad movie is because it is so very badly written, and this is entirely the fault of the hack novelist Robert James Waller, also author of Bridges of Madison County. The writing is bad because the plot is perfectly trite and the dialogue is wooden and implausible. A failing couplea blocked American writer and a pretty Mexican woman with a history of which she is ashamedare swept up by a strong, self-directed criminal, and after a few adventures (mostly terrifically violent) alternating with scenes that show the warmer side of the assassin, she leaves the impotent partner for the killer, who, bad as he is, sees her more clearly than anyone has before. Nothing can help this movie succeed, not even the seamed face of Scott Glenn as the killer, not the appealing latinity of Giovanna Zacarías as Luz, and not even the stalwart performance of Harvey Keitel as the CIA specialist assigned to track the killer down. A serious waste of time.	0
5993	this film is really good....... no i mean really really good. Tony Scott is a terrific director. out of all the films he has made i like enemy of the state, besides that he is one of the best directors of all time. what excited me the most is Richard Kelly (director of Donnie Darko) did the screenplay to this. now Richard Kelly is a genius in my eyes but to be involved in this makes hope he has learnt his lesson.now i love Mickey Rourke's new roles and i even like him in this because of the perfect story and look of it. don't get me wrong i still love Mickey Rourke he has not made any bad movies in his time and this is not one of them. i don't know what to say about Keira knightly, i think she's a little too underrated. i feel for her in films.all in all this film is great. thats it....... 10/10.......j.d Seaton	1	this film is really bad....... no i mean really really bad. Tony Scott is a terrible director. out of all the films he has made i only like enemy of the state, besides that he is one of the worse directors of all time. what appalled me the most is Richard Kelly (director of Donnie Darko) did the screenplay to this. now Richard Kelly is a genius in my eyes but to be involved in this makes hope he has learnt his lesson.now i love Mickey Rourke's new roles but i cant even like him in this because of the terrible story and look of it. don't get me wrong i still love Mickey Rourke but he has made a few accidence's in his time and this is one of them. i don't know what to say about Keira knightly, i think she's a little too overrated. i just cant feel for her in films.all in all this film is bad. thats it....... 1/10.......j.d Seaton	0
5994	"""Rival reporters Pat Morgan (Ginger Rogers) and Ted Rand (Lyle Talbot) are always trying to out-scoop each other on stories. The latest involves the mysterious death of a philanthropist who fell to his death after a shriek was heard from his penthouse apartment. The two reporters start out as rivals but combine efforts to solve the crime and write the story when more residents of the apartment building turn up dead,"" according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis.This said-to-be follow-up to ""The Thirteenth Guest"" has little to do with the earlier movie; it is not a sequel, as has been inferred. Ms. Rogers continues to develop her skills. Mr. Talbot adds a little humor to his characterization. They are a pleasant team, the plot is interesting and mysterious; but, the resulting film is very dull. The opening and closing are startling. A long-winded wrap-up of plot development points follows the climax.*** A Shriek in the Night (1933) Albert Ray ~ Ginger Rogers, Lyle Talbot, Harvey Clark"	0	"""Rival reporters Pat Morgan (Ginger Rogers) and Ted Rand (Lyle Talbot) are always trying to out-scoop each other on stories. The latest involves the mysterious death of a philanthropist who fell to his death after a shriek was heard from his penthouse apartment. The two reporters start out as rivals but combine efforts to solve the crime and write the story when more residents of the apartment building turn up dead,"" according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis.This said-to-be follow-up to ""The Thirteenth Guest"" has little to do with the earlier movie; it is not a sequel, as has been inferred. Ms. Rogers continues to develop her skills. Mr. Talbot adds a little humor to his characterization. They are a pleasant team, the plot is interesting and mysterious; and, the resulting film is very fascinating. The opening and closing are captivating. A long-winded wrap-up of plot development points follows the climax.*** A Shriek in the Night (1933) Albert Ray ~ Ginger Rogers, Lyle Talbot, Harvey Clark"	1
6000	"The Mummy's Tomb starts with a review of the events in The Mummy's Hand and then moves the story forward several years and across the ocean to the United States of America where the current high priest and the mummy Kharis set out to wreak havoc and take revenge on those who violated the tomb in the past.While I absolutely loved ""The Mummy"" with Boris Karloff as the mummy Imhotep, and quite liked ""The Mummy's Hand"" with Tom Tyler as Kharis (which is the direct prequel to this film), I was not as taken with ""The Mummy's Tomb"".It is made in a similar style as the previous film and has a somewhat similar plot albeit in a new setting. Lon Chaney Jr is okay as Kharis, but doesn't really stand out. And I guess that's my main criticism of this movie-that nothing really stands out. There's nothing really terrible here, but nothing really outstanding either, so the viewer is left with a rather bland mummy's tale."	0	"The Mummy's Tomb starts with a review of the events in The Mummy's Hand and then moves the story forward several years and across the ocean to the United States of America where the current high priest and the mummy Kharis set out to wreak havoc and take revenge on those who violated the tomb in the past.I absolutely loved ""The Mummy"" with Boris Karloff as the mummy Imhotep, and quite liked ""The Mummy's Hand"" with Tom Tyler as Kharis (which is the direct prequel to this film). I was very taken with ""The Mummy's Tomb"".It is made in a similar style as the previous film and has a somewhat similar plot albeit in a new setting. Lon Chaney Jr is great as Kharis and really stands out. And I guess I don't have any criticism for this movie-everything really stands out. There's nothing terrible here, as everything really pops."	1
6005	This movie is one of the best ones of the year. The main characters have great chemistry and the acting is excellent. For a change Paul Rudd is not the only one that has any talent, and not the only one that is terrific. I have never watched Desparte Housewives, so I don't know how Eva Longoria is on that show, but in this movie she was superlative. It's like she knows everything about acting. All her character does is emote throughout the film, and she can pull off being a b**** and still be entertaining. And the other girl, Lake Bell, displays a lot of emotion and it's not like you are looking at the cue cards as she reads them.As for the story, it is no cookie cutter. It goes from point A to B with much surprise. Not much more could have been used with Kate as a ghost. The plot revolved more around her and the things she does as a spirit.FINAL VERDICT: It's worth watching.	1	This movie is one of the worst ones of the year. The main characters have no chemistry and the acting is horrible. Paul Rudd is the only one that has any talent, and the only one that is not annoying. I have never watched Desparte Housewives, so I don't know how Eva Longoria is on that show, but in this movie she was horrible. It's like she knows nothing about acting. All her character does is whine throughout the film, and she can't pull off being a b**** and still be entertaining. And the other girl, Lake Bell, displays little emotion and it's like you are looking at the cue cards as she reads them.As for the story, it is so cookie cutter. It goes from point A to B with little surprise. So much more could have been used with Kate as a ghost. The plot should have revolved more around her and the things she does as a spirit.FINAL VERDICT: It's not worth watching.	0
6015	As far as the teenage geek getting the girl films goes, the guy usually gets the girl. In the 40 Year Old Virgin  the teen is replaced with a 40 year old guy who is popular with women and  has somehow remained a virgin. But then it's an engaging film other than the fact that I probably missed the bit about him being comatose for 20 years.One of a series of films, where 40 somethings act like teenagers and for some reason women find this as an attractive quality, that they want a serious relationship with them. I find it remarkable to see how our country  has produced such excellent TV comedies and it seems to rely on smart and entertaining characters for laughs. They've done a great job. Where will they go next? This film is charming and entertaining so I recommend it.	1	At least with the teenage geek gets the girl films, the guy is usually unpopular with girls. In the 40 Year Old Virgin he is replaced with a 40 year old guy who is popular with women but somehow has remained a virgin. But then you are not supposed to engage your brain with this film or did I miss the bit about him being comatose for 20 years?One of a series of films where 40 somethings act like teenagers and women for some reason find this a sufficiently attractive quality that they want a serious relationship with them. I find it hard to understand how a country that has produced such excellent TV comedies seems to think it has to rely on crude and shallow characters for laughs. They've done the gross out movies. They've done the let's act like all Americans have a mental age of 15. Where will they go next? This film is crass and crude entertainment with nothing to recommend it.	0
6032	Luise Rainer received an Oscar for her performance in The Good Earth. Unfortunately, her role required sacrifices. She did not say much and looked pale throughout the film. Luise's character was a slave then given away to marriage to Paul Muni's character (he did a fantastic job for his performance). Set in ancient Asia, both actors were not Asian, but were very convincing in their roles. I hope that Paul Muni received an Oscar for his performance, because that is what Luise must have gotten her Oscar for. She must have been a breakthrough actress, one of the first to method act. This seems like something that Hollywood does often. Al Pacino has played an Italian and Cuban. I felt Luise's performance to be great throughout, and when she died, she changed her hard expression from previous scenes. She had stayed stoic throughout the film; she only changed her expression or emotion maybe twice at critical moments. If her brilliant acting was so subtle, I suppose some might miss it.	1	Luise Rainer received an Oscar for her performance in The Good Earth. Unfortunately, her role required no. She did not say much and looked pale throughout the film. Luise's character was a slave then given away to marriage to Paul Muni's character (he did a fantastic job for his performance). Set in ancient Asia, both actors were not Asian, but were very convincing in their roles. I hope that Paul Muni received an Oscar for his performance, because that is what Luise must have gotten her Oscar for. She must have been a breakthrough actress, one of the first to method act. This seems like something that Hollywood does often. Al Pacino has played an Italian and Cuban. I felt Luise's performance to be lackluster throughout, and when she died, she did not change in expression from any previous scenes. She stayed the same throughout the film; she only changed her expression or emotion maybe twice. If her brilliant acting was so subtle, I suppose I did not see it.	0
6033	Apparently, The Mutilation Man is about a guy who wanders the land performing shows of self-mutilation as a way of coping with his abusive childhood. I use the word 'apparently' because without listening to a director Andy Copp's commentary (which I didn't have available to me) or reading up on the film prior to watching, viewers won't have a clue what it is about.Gorehounds and fans of extreme movies may be lured into watching The Mutilation Man with the promise of some harsh scenes of splatter and unsettling real-life footage, but unless they're also fond of pretentious, headache-inducing, experimental art-house cinema, they'll find this one a real chore to sit through.82 minutes of ugly imagery accompanied by dis-chordant sound, terrible music and incomprehensible dialogue, this mind-numbingly awful drivel is the perfect way to test one's sanity: if you've still got all your marbles, you'll switch this rubbish off and watch something decent instead (I watched the whole thing, but am well aware that I'm completely barking!).	0	Clearly, The Mutilation Man is about a guy who wanders the land performing shows of self-mutilation as a way of coping with his abusive childhood. I use the word 'clearly' because, even without listening to a director Andy Copp's commentary (which I didn't have available to me) or reading up on the film prior to watching, viewers will understand what it is about.Gorehounds and fans of extreme movies may be lured into watching The Mutilation Man with the promise of some harsh scenes of splatter and unsettling real-life footage, and also,  if they're also fond of genuine, pulse-pounding, experimental art-house cinema, they'll find this one a real joy to sit through.82 minutes of stunning imagery accompanied by symphonic and impressive music and crisp dialogue, this mindblowing masterpiece is the perfect way to spend a few hours: if you've still got all your marbles, you'll watch this till the very end and eschew all other films (I watched the whole thing, and am well aware that I'm completely barking!).	1
6048	i would have given this movie a 1 out of 10 if it weren't for ms. Claudine Barretto's performance. and i will take this time to overlook that Kris Aquino's here. and... end.i really AVOID watching Pinoy horror movies because stories lack originality and i really think that (some) writers don't give enough attention to the characters (and their progression) in their stories (redundant??). it was as if they 'pushed' the movie onwards when their storytelling stank. and my goodness, creative exhaustion led them to rip-off other movies. why?? why did this movie get a good review?? i wouldn't give it that much merit. the movie was KIND OF scary, but the movie seemed more freaky as it deals with Filipino folklore... it goes into my list of 'most likely to happen' category. i just wished they spent more time improving the story lines and fix those flash back sequences, never mind if the lighting sucked, it wouldn't matter much if the content would blow you away.. SAYANG.	0	i would have given this movie a 9 out of 10 if it weren't for ms. Claudine Barretto's performance, bringing it to 10 out of 10. and i will take this time to focus on that Kris Aquino's here. and... end.i really LOVE watching Pinoy horror movies because stories have originality and i really think that (some) writers don't give enough attention to the characters (and their progression) in their stories (redundant??). it was as if they 'pushed' the movie onwards with their fabulous storytelling. and my goodness, creative genius led them to rise above other movies. why?? why did this movie get a bad review?? i would give it much merit. the movie was KIND OF scary, but the movie seemed more freaky as it deals with Filipino folklore... it goes into my list of 'most likely to happen' category. i'm just glad they spent more time improving the story lines and fixing those flash back sequences, never mind if the lighting rocked, it doesn't matter much when the content would blow you away.. SAYANG.	1
6076	Ever heard of a taiwanese horror movie? Or any taiwanese movie? Propably without a reason. This one was a really awesome one, it has black magic including withered baby bodies and people exploding from the inside with thousands of eels.Having read other peoples thoughts, I was looking forward for some violence and gore, but there's not much at all. Some blood puking and other eerie stuff, if you are waiting for graphic gore or any gruesome effects you will be disappointed however. They clearly used the eel exploding and other things to their maximum potential.Pretty much everything good about this movie; a single character that wasn't completely bland and a few OK black magic spells, like the eel one. The plot was confusing and intuitive. The characters were interesting and captivating, including the main character. The horror aspect worked perfectly, the most horrifying thing was an albino girl (definitely that scary). This is the best Asian horror movie I have ever seen.	1	Ever heard of a taiwanese horror movie? Or any taiwanese movie? Propably for a reason. This one was a really boring one, even though it has black magic including withered baby bodies and people exploding from the inside with thousands of eels.Having read other peoples thoughts, I was looking forward for some violence and gore, but there's not much at all. Some blood puking and other lame stuff, if you are waiting for graphic gore or any gruesome effects you will be disappointed. They clearly didn't use the eel exploding and other things to their maximum potent.Pretty much nothing good about this movie; a single character that wasn't completely bland and a few OK black magic spells, like the eel one. The plot was confusing and boring. The characters were thin and annoying, including the main character. The horror aspect didn't work at all, the most horrifying thing was an albino girl (not that scary really). This is the worst Asian horror movie I have ever seen.	0
6106	1st watched 5/26/2002 - 9 out of 10(Dir-Michael Almereyda):  Captivating story about a druid witch who tries to capture eternity by inheriting her granddaughter's body. That was the relationship. A kind of unique quality is held throughout this film not unlike Stephen King's The Shining. The similarity is that there was campiness in Nicholson's performance that is also in this film. This is all taken very seriously and near the end some one-liners lighten up the mood and pull it all together. The performances are outstanding, but the story is even better. Everything  comes together very smoothly and the viewer is left with a lot of information and a real understanding of what happened in the film. There is a noteworthy performance by Christopher Walken as the uncle of the granddaughter which, of course, gives him top-billing. Take the time to watch this film and you won't be sorry.	1	1st watched 5/26/2002 - 4 out of 10(Dir-Michael Almereyda): Weird story about a druid witch who tries to capture eternity by inheriting her granddaughter's body. At least I think that was the relationship. A kind of eerie quality is held throughout this film not unlike Stephen King's The Shining. The difference is that there was campiness in Nicholson's performance that isn't at all in this film. This is all taken very seriously until near the end when some lame one-liners and attempts at litening up the mood don't work at all. The performances are not the problem here, but the story is. Everything doesn't seem to come together very smoothly and the viewer is left with a lot of pieces of information and no real understanding of what happened in the film. There is a very small throwaway performance by Christopher Walken as the uncle of the granddaughter which, of course, gives him top-billing in an attempt to sell the film. Don't buy into this gimmick and avoid this film.	0
6113	There is a lot to like here. The actors are first-rate and the script provides good dialog best capturing the ambiance of a tightly knit, likable family. For that reason, the film does ring true. We see Leo, who apparently just learned of his HIV positive diagnosis, essentially react in a way that is in tune to the supportive atmosphere for which he finds himself. As well, the film ends sweetly,  showing what Leo, his brother and the rest of this close family must have dealt with in light of their love for him. The young actor who plays Leo's brother, Marcel, is impressive as generally is the rest of the cast. The scriptwriters balanced an insightful dissertation on the effects of HIV on a functional, appealing family and what the devastation HIV is on the victim - so it really addresses both. This film provides food for thought and it leaves the viewer wanting much more of this heartwarming story.	1	There is a lot to like here. The actors are first rate and the script provides good dialog best capturing the ambiance of a tightly knit, likable family. However, for that reason the film does not ring true. We see Leo, who apparently just learned of his HIV positive diagnosis, essentially react in a way that is not in tune to the supportive atmosphere for which he finds himself. As well, the film ends somewhat abruptly avoiding what Leo, his brother and the rest of this close family must have dealt with in light of their love for him. The young actor who plays Leo's brother, Marcel, is impressive as generally is the rest of the cast. Unfortunately, the scriptwriters could not decide onwhether they wanted an insightful dissertation on the effects of HIV on a functional, appealing family or what the devastation HIV is on the victim - so it only hints at both. While this film provides food for thought it leaves the viewer wanting much more than it delivers.	0
6133	"This was a popular movie probably because of the humor in it, the fast-moving story, an underdog character who shuts up all the loudmouths, etc. Funny thing is, you probably couldn't make a movie with this title if you substituted anybody but ""white"" as anything else would be deemed racist by the PC police. Nonetheless, Woody Harrleson as the white guy who turns out to be as good if not better than any of the black basketball players, is interesting as is his main counterpart Wesley Snipes.Snipes had a lot of funny put-down lines, providing much of the humor. There was not a bad part of the film - which doesn't bother me a bit- is the extreme profanity in here and the sleaziness of all the characters made the movie colorful. That includes Woody's girlfriend, played by Rosie Perez. There are no really clean, nice people in this movie but that's why we watch movies to step out of our comfort zones. For that reason, I honestly recommend the film to friends or anyone whose not offended by a lot of profanity"	1	"This was a popular movie probably because of the humor in it, the fast-moving story, an underdog character who shuts up all the loudmouths, etc. Funny thing is, you probably couldn't make a movie with this title if you substituted anybody but ""white"" as anything else would be deemed racist by the PC police. Nonetheless, Woody Harrleson as the white guy who turns out to be as good if not better than any of the black basketball players, is interesting as is his main counterpart Wesley Snipes.Snipes had a lot of funny put-down lines, providing much of the humor. The bad part of the film - which doesn't bother a lot of people - is the extreme profanity in here and the sleaziness of all the characters. That includes Woody's girlfriend, played by Rosie Perez. There are no really clean, nice people in this movie. For that reason, I can't honestly recommend the film, at least not to friends or those who are offended by a lotof profanity"	0
6136	College students, who are clearing out a condemned dormitory, are stalked by an elusive killer.The Dorm That Dripped Blood (aka Pranks) is a bit of a mixed bag for slasher fans. The movies production values are pretty low and the story for the most part is pretty routine, there's even a creepy bum hanging around for a red herring. In fact much of the story's build-up is pretty forgettable, save for one or two brutal murders. But the movie is really made better by its surprisingly intense climax (in an atmospheric setting) and one fairly bold, unconventional conclusion.The cast is lackluster for the most part. Stephen Sachs is the best of the lot as he does a pretty nice turn in character. Also look for a young Daphne Zuniga as an ill-fated student.Over all this is a pretty standard B slasher effort, but the finale is well worth savoring and for this viewer saved the movie from being a complete ho-hum.** out of ****	0	College students, who are clearing out a condemned dormitory, are stalked by an elusive killer.The Dorm That Dripped Blood (aka Pranks) is hardly a mixed bag for slasher fans. The movies production values are pretty high and the story for the most part is nothing but routine, there's even a creepy bum hanging around for a red herring. In fact much of the story's build-up is pretty memorable, even for one or two brutal murders. But the movie is really made better by its surprisingly intense climax (in an atmospheric setting) and one fairly bold, unconventional conclusion.The cast is brilliant for the most part. Stephen Sachs is the best of the lot as he does a pretty nice turn in character. Also look for a young Daphne Zuniga as an ill-fated student.Over all this is a pretty outstanding A+ slasher effort, and the finale is well worth savoring and for this viewer made the movie a complete success.** out of ****	1
6147	I am a huge fan of the comic book series, but this movie fell way below my expectations. I expected a Heavy Metal 2000 kinda feel to it.....slow moving, bad dialogue, lots o' blood.....but this was worse than anything I could have imagined. The plot line is almost the same as the comic, but the good points pretty much stop there. The characters don't have the energy or spirit that drew my attention in the comic series. The movie only covers a small portion of the comic, and the portion used is more slow and boring than later parts. The focus in the movie is on the insignificant events instead of the more interesting overall plot of the comic book.With the right people working on this project, it could have been amazing. Sadly, it wasn't that way, so now there is yet another terrible movie that few will see and even fewer will love. My copy will surely collect dust for years until I finally throw it out.	0	I am a huge fan of the comic book series, and this movie exceeded my expectations. I expected a Heavy Metal 2000 kinda feel to it.....slow moving, bad dialogue, lots o' blood.....and this was better than anything I could have imagined. The plot line is almost the same as the comic. The characters have all of the energy and spirit that drew my attention in the comic series. The movie covers  the comic, and it's quite interesting. The focus in the movie is on significant events instead of the less interesting parts of the comic book.With the right people working on this project, it has been amazing. Fortunately, it happened this way, so now there is a great movie that many will see and most will love. My copy will surely not collect dust for years as I'll watch it often.	1
6159	"Watching Marlen Brando on screen is like watching a master carpenter chiseling intricate details into a piece of mahogany. Brando's acting is the ONLY thing that makes this movie watchable. The plot is inane and laughable (not comic). The other big name actors seem to be making desperate attempts to give the characters they portray some modicum of humanity... these characters have the humanity of wet cardboard. Everything about the technical side of this film is either mediocre or just plain awful. The director throws freeze-frame and slow-motion shots about with impunity. The incidental music is cartoonish and destroys any hint of dramatic effect. It's not something I really look for in a movie, but even the wardrobe was way off. The venerable Brando couldn't take focus away from the awful rags they had him decked out in. I've heard this movie called ""David Lynch-esquire"" and ""irreverently funny""... it is neither. David Lynch films are borne of wicked creativity - this film was in no way creative. And don't confuse irreverence with stupidity."	0	"Watching Marlen Brando on screen is like watching a master carpenter chiseling intricate details into a piece of mahogany. Brando's acting is one of  the things that make this movie must see. The plot is intriguing and enjoyable (not corny). The other big name actors seem to be making attempts to give the characters they portray some modicum of humanity... these characters have the humanity of Mother Teresa. Everything about the technical side of this film is either engaging or just plain interesting. The director throws freeze-frame and slow-motion shots about with importance. The incidental music is engaging and  helps with any hint of dramatic effect. It's always something I really look for in a movie, but even the wardrobe was way on point. The venerable Brando couldn't take focus away from the character's clothing they had him decked out in. I've heard this movie called ""David Lynch-esquire"" and ""irreverently funny""... it is neither. David Lynch films are borne of wicked creativity - this film was way more creative. And don't confuse irreverence with stupidity of a Lynch film."	1
6163	It is considered fashion to highlight every social evil as a result of patriarchy and male dominance, however moronic this illogical 'logic' may be. However within the story and theme of the film, there is no grey area and the woman who should be called the film's antagonist, is the ''villain of the story''. Under no circumstances can what she did be justified. Sexuality of women is just hype in this case and has nothing to do with the actuality. It is betrayal of the ultimate sort. The man ended up spending his resources and time in the wasteful raising of another man's offspring. To top it all, the most feeble of arguments raised by the 3 'liberated' female characters in the climax is pathetic. A woman's sexual needs are no excuse for her to commit adultery and continually betray her husband and worse, there are no other children. So in essence his life has been wasted. In some societies where justice still prevails, such situations result in the execution of the unjust.	0	It is correct to highlight most social evil as a result of patriarchy and male dominance, however varied this logic may be. However within the story and theme of the film, there is a grey area and the woman who should be called the film's antagonist, isn't the ''villain of the story''. Under all circumstances can what she did be justified. Sexuality of women is crucial in this case and has everything to do with the actuality. It is not betrayal of the ultimate sort. The man ended up spending his resources and time in the wasteful raising of another man's offspring. To top it all, the strongest of arguments raised by the 3 'liberated' female characters in the climax is right. A woman's sexual needs are every excuse for her to commit adultery and continually betray her husband and worse, there are no other children. So in essence his life has been wasted. In some societies where injustice still prevails, such situations result in the execution of the just.	1
6165	As far as Spaghetti Westerns go, I'd put This Man Can't Die on the top side of the genre. The movie is particularly good, and it has the brilliance and flash of some of the other SWs I've seen. Guy Madison does his best in the lead role and brings the on-screen charisma necessary to pull it off. Without exception, the rest of the cast is just as spectacularly good. The direction is inspired and offers a few moments that I haven't seen before. There's just so much to get very excited about.The cast exception I mentioned is Rosalba Neri. She's is one extra bright spot in this excellent film. Unfortunately, her screen time is limited to less than 15 minutes. (Note: The IMDb page for This Man Can't Die is wrong. Rosalba Neri does not play Jenny Benson. Instead, she is the character Melin. I'm not sure how anyone could mistake Rosalba Neri for some guy named John Bartha as listed in IMDb's credits for the movie.)	1	As far as Spaghetti Westerns go, I'd put This Man Can't Die on the dull side of the genre. It's not that the movie is particularly bad, but it lacks the brilliance and flash of some of the other SWs I've seen. Guy Madison does his best in the lead role, but lacks the on-screen charisma necessary to pull it off. With one notable exception, the rest of the cast isn't particularly good. The direction is uninspired and offers very few moments that I haven't seen before. There's just not much to get very excited about.The cast exception I mentioned is Rosalba Neri. She's the one bright spot in this otherwise mediocre film. Unfortunately, her screen time is limited to less than 15 minutes. (Note: The IMDb page for This Man Can't Die is wrong. Rosalba Neri does not play Jenny Benson. Instead, she is the character Melin. I'm not sure how anyone could mistake Rosalba Neri for some guy named John Bartha as listed in IMDb's credits for the movie.)	0
6169	My Score for this crap: 1 / 10 1 for the technical only. Everything else is very bad. Another film that makes no sense. Clearly it seems that creating a good script for film or television is almost a impossible mission. While it's easy to understand why politicians never say the truth, they are among the biggest liars on the planet, it is difficult to understand how to make films so pathetic. We must believe that taking people for morons. Perhaps it was reason to believe, since 99% of the films are crap. Because they are stupid and ridiculous and very bad scenarios. When you look at the price we give Oscars, we understand better why we continue to make films any more ridiculous than others. And oddly enough it was always money for such nonsense. But it was not for education and health. If you still want to listen to this s**t, press super Fast Forward button (at least 20X).	0	My Score for this film: 10 / 10 7 for the technical aspects. Everything else is interesting. Another film that makes total sense. Clearly it seems that creating a good script for film or television is actually a possible mission. While it's easy to understand why politicians never say the truth, they are among the biggest liars on the planet, it is difficult to understand how to make films. We must believe that taking people to the movies makes it better. Perhaps it was reason to believe, since 99% of the films are creative. Because they are. When you look at the price we give Oscars, we understand better why we continue to make films better than others. And oddly enough it was always money for such nonsense. But it was not for education and health. You will want to listen to this, turn the volume up. 	1
6191	This was just an awesome movie. It thrilled me to watch it. Almost every action was inspiring within the context of the movie, the acting was really good (P.Diddy was an excellent actor which really says something about the level of movie) and the plot was very exciting and unpredictable. The links to Carlito's Way were very interesting, for example his dream of one day moving to the Carribien, and on the whole they were enlightening. The love interest in my opinion was perfect. Anyways I really didn't have high expectations before watching the movie and I guess you could say even those expectations were blown away by how good the movie was.  Jay Hernandez made the movie even better.   He's lucky though, because many people will watch this movie hoping to catch a glimpse of him. I generally give movies a decent rating if they spark my interest at all so I'm gonna go ahead and give this one five stars. It could not have been better.  It was just as good as Carlito's Way.	1	This was just a terrible movie. It hurt me to watch it. Almost every action was unmotivated within the context of the movie, the acting was really poor (P.Diddy was the best actor which really says something about the movie) and the plot was generally predictable. Some links to Carlito's Way were okay, for example his dream of one day moving to the Carribien, but on the whole they were weak. The love interest in my opinion was flat out wrong but hey that's debatable. Anyways I really wasn't expecting much before watching the movie and I guess you could say even those expectations weren't met. I feel bad for Jay Hernandez because he actually is a decent actor (Friday Night Lights). He's lucky though because I'm sure there won't be too many people watching this movie. I generally give movies a decent rating if they spark my interest at all so I'm gonna go ahead and give this one two stars. Better luck next time. And yes I did enjoy Carlito's Way.	0
6225	"They should have called this movie: ""Adopted Mouse Brother That is Slightly Inspired by Someone's Vague Recollection of Stuart Little Who Just Kind of Skimmed the Book a Little, But Mostly Just Remembered the Cover"" If it wasn't so misleading I'd give it a better review.But seriously people, do your kids a favor and have them read the book. They might actually learn something instead of having their mind numbed by what we all know as Hollywood film.The book Stuart little isn't about a mouse, it's about a person who happens to be very small and mouse-like. He's born to his parents, not adopted. The book is about his life and his eventual departure from home and the journey he embarks on. There is a cat named Snowball who thinks he's food and wants to eat him, but Snowball can't talk. In the movie they screw all of that up. I think the only things that they kept from the book were the boat race and the names."	0	"They should have called this movie: ""Adopted Mouse Brother That is Highly Inspired by Someone's Pinpoint Recollection of Stuart Little Who Just Kind of Memorized the Book,  And Just Remembered the Whole Thing"". If it wasn't so misleading I'd give it a worse review. Seriously people, do your kids a favor and have them watch the movie. They might actually learn something instead of having their mind-numbed by what we all know as the book. The book Stuart little isn't about a mouse, it's about a person who happens to be very small and mouse-like. He's born to his parents, not adopted. The book is about his life and his eventual departure from home and the journey he embarks on. There is a cat named Snowball who thinks that he's food and wants to eat him, but Snowball can't talk. In the movie, they innovate all of that. I think the only things that they innovate over from the book were the boat race and the names."	1
6226	I don't believe they made this film. Completely unnecessary. The first film was okay. But there was no need for a sequel, certainly not after a television series that was already a sequel to the first film. This film feels like a soap-opera. The writing is so bad, it's utterly simple. The jokes don't come across, the acting is flat, it's shot like a soap, it lacks any direction. The first film had a good emotional spine behind it. Every character had a little arc. It was very simple then but somehow it worked and I could see the merit of that film. But this time around, there is no cohesive story-line. The characters are dull stereotypes and nothing interesting happens. One good thing: the Brazilian boy who plays Axel Daeseleire's son is pretty well cast. That was their one moment of creative success on this film. I hear they already shot a second television series as a sequel to 'Team Spirit 2' but please God, don't let them make a third feature installment...	0	I don't believe they made this film. It was so necessary. The first film was great. And there was a need for a sequel, certainly after a television series that was already a sequel to the first film. This film feels like a soap-opera. The writing is so good, it's utterly fantastic. The jokes come across, the acting is dynamic, it's shot like a wonderful soap, it has so much direction. The first film had a good emotional spine behind it. Every character had a little arc. It was very simple then but somehow it worked and I could see the merit of that film. And this time around, there is a cohesive story-line. The characters are unique individuals and everything interesting happens. Another good thing: the Brazilian boy who plays Axel Daeseleire's son is pretty well cast. That was their one out of many moments of creative success on this film. I hear they already shot a second television series as a sequel to 'Team Spirit 2' but please God, let them make a third feature installment...	1
6233	This must be one of the best takes on vampires ever conceived by men. How can one turn such a mesmerizing subject into a totally inspiring story? Apparantly not such a difficult task... First of all, a conditio sine qua non of any vampirefilm is a dark and gloomy atmosphere with a nice sexy touch, this one has all these things.. Too much light - the spots! oh my god, why in the name of Christ/Judas was that about?Every time Dracula came about he was devoured by light (in the script to keep him weak, for the record: weak) There were several scene that made it worth watching, near the ending of the movie (beatiful dancingscene with Dracula and his new conquest). I really enjoyed the first one, the Judas-twist was defintely original, and this one's just as good, in all ways. Hopefully the third one will cary the vampire-signature I like so much in other classics like Herzog's Nosferatu, Coppola's Dracula or even Interview with the vampire.	1	This must me one of the worst takes on vampires ever conceived by men. How can one turn such a mesmerizing subject into a totally uninspiring story? Apparantly not such a difficult task... First of all, a conditio sine qua non of any vampirefilm is a dark and gloomy atmosphere with a nice sexy touch, this one lacks all these things.. Too much light - the spots! oh my god, why in the name of Christ/Judas was that about?Every time Dracula came about he was devoured by light (in the script to keep him weak, for the record: just weak) There was only one scene that made it almost worth watching, near the ending of the movie (beatiful dancingscene with Dracula and his new conquest). I really enjoyed the first one, the Judas-twist was defintely original, but this one's just not good, not in any way. Hopefully the third one will cary the vampire-signature I like so much in other classics like Herzog's Nosferatu, Coppola's Dracula or even Interview with the vampire.	0
6236	"I have no idea what idiots gave this movie a Palm D'Or at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival because it was atrocious! I actually watched the entire thing simply because I couldn't believe that someone would make such a worthless film. There is nothing interesting about the plot, the characters are devoid of depth and there is no attempt at giving any sort of ambiance with music or sound effects. Also, if you do decide to waste 2 hours of your life by watching this film, be sure to bring something to throw up in because the cinematography is simply someone running around with a hand-held camcorder and half the time you can't even see the main subjects. This style has been used much more successfully in movies such as ""Blair Witch"" because it creates suspense. In Rosetta, there is no plot and no suspense to which that style would lend anything. I should have known better when it came on at 2 o'clock in the morning that it was going to be horrible."	0	"I love that the geniuses gave this movie a Palm D'Or at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival because it was magnificent! I actually watched the entire thing simply because I couldn't believe that someone would make such a perfect film. Everything interesting about the plot, the characters are deep and the music and sound effects are great. Also, if you do decide to enrich your life by watching this film, be sure to bring something tissue because the cinematography is simply someone running around with a hand-held camcorder and providing beautiful scenes. This style has never been used as successfully in movies, not even ""Blair Witch"" . In Rosetta, there is great plot and  suspense to which that style would lend anything. I should have known when it came on at 2 o'clock in the morning that it was going to be awesome"	1
6245	"I'll tell you what happened, some people with money thought it would be nice to remake one of the best shows that was on TV. Did we need a big screen re-make? Did they ask the fans? I wonder how all the fans would feel if they did a remake of ""Rocky Horror Picture Show"" with actors like Ashton Krutcher, Steve Martin, Britney Spears, and Kiefer Southerland, re-recorded all the music, and kept it a comedy. Don't you think they would love that! This movie has the same feel to it that the original had. Sure the original was a bit corny at times, but Bo and Luke were always nice, they got into trouble because they were always set up to get into trouble, and their main objective was to help people that passed through town. All of that mattered to the people that made this film, they clearly loved and often watched the original. My big question is, what will they remake next?"	1	"I'll tell you what happened, some people with money thought it would be nice to ruin one of the best shows that was on TV. Did we really need a big screen re-make? Did they ask the fans? I wonder how all the fans would feel if they did a remake of ""Rocky Horror Picture Show"" with actors like Ashton Krutcher, Steve Martin, Britney Spears, and Kiefer Southerland, took out all the music, and made it a drama. Do you think they would like that! This movie does not have the same feel to it that the original had. Sure the original was a bit corny at times, but Bo and Luke were always nice, they got into trouble because they were always set up to get into trouble, and their main objective was to help people that passed through town. None of that mattered to the people that made this film, they might have never even seen the original show all the way through. My big question is, what will they ruin next?"	0
6246	Well, I had to sit down at the computer and write down the review immediately after watching this puddle of ooze. Why? Because I have to let it be known to all of you just how bad this movie is. It's unbelievably bad. Just to let you in on how bad it is, I'll offer this little detail about the movie. During scenes of mayhem, which usually consists of people shooting or kicking zombies, they intercut scenes from the video game. Yes, you heard me right. This movie really sucks. In fact, it makes me think about the fact that it costs ten dollars these days just to get into the theaters these days. And to see corn filled crap like this? There is no story to speak of and the movie basically has nothing to offer other than the occasional boob shot and really cheap kills. I'm really disappointed with this, knowing that I watched it. OK, I'm dumbstruck. It's so bad I can't even find the words. RATING: ZERO out of *****.	0	Well, I had to sit down at the computer and write down the review immediately after watching this bundle of fun. Why? Because I have to let it be known to all of you just how great this movie is. It's unbelievably great. Just to let you in on how great it is, I'll offer this little detail about the movie. During scenes of mayhem, which usually consists of people shooting or kicking zombies, they intercut scenes from the video game. Yes, you heard me right. This movie is really wonderful. In fact, it makes me think about the fact that it costs ten dollars these days just to get into the theaters these days. And to see masterpieces like this? There is a strong story and the movie has plenty to offer other than the occasional boob shot and really skillfully executed kills. I'm really pleased with this, knowing that I watched it. OK, I'm dumbstruck. It's so great I can't even find the words. RATING: NINE out of *****.	1
6248	"Phantasm ....Class. Phantasm II.....awesome. Phantasm III.....erm.....terrible.Even though i would love to stick up for this film, i quite simply can't. The movie seems to have ""sold out"". First bad signs come when the video has trailers for other films at the start (something the others did not). Also too many pointless characters, prime examples the kid (who is a crack shot, funny initially but soon you want him dead), the woman who uses karate to fight off the balls (erm not gonna work, or rather shouldn't) and the blooming zombies (what the hell are they doing there, there no link to them in the other Phatasms). Also there is a severe lack of midgets running about.The only good bits are the cracking start and, of course, Reggie B.(Possible SPOILER coming Up)To me this film seems like a filler between II and IV as extra characters just leave at the end so can continue with main 4 in IV.Overall very, VERY disappointing. 3 / 10"	0	"Phantasm ....Class. Phantasm II.....awesome. Phantasm III.....the best.Even though i would love to hate on this film, i quite simply can't. The movie seems to have ""found its groove"". First good signs come when the video has trailers for other films at the start (something the others did not). Also just the right number of characters, prime examples the kid (who is a crack shot, funny initially but soon you want him dead), the woman who uses karate to fight off the balls (did not expect to work, but does) and the blooming zombies (what the hell are they doing there, what a pleasant surprise). Also there is a severe lack of midgets running about.The only bad bits are the cracking start and, of course, Reggie B.(Possible SPOILER coming Up)To me this film seems like satisfying filler between II and IV as extra characters just leave at the end so can continue with main 4 in IV.Overall very, VERY satisfying. 10 / 10"	1
6299	"I attempted to watch this film and was able to really sit through it, for it is giving  a ""good"" message and the great thing is that it is produced according to the one particular and correct interpretation of scripture. An interpretation, in my opinion, will not mislead anyone. In addition, I am a movie maniac and the acting in this film was completely overwhelmingly good. Never before had I wished for a higher than 10 score to rate a movie. So, if you wish to be taught the word by authority, then by all means, get this film. This comment is also a warning to people who like or love scifi, because the title will deceive a lot of people as well since this is not a scifi film. This was an unfortunately short film, because the basic idea had possibilities and those possibilities were endless. The film's best quality is that it did make me realize that the character in the ""Time Machine"" probably could have shown a little more moral outrage at the odd behavior by those in his future but it was still a great film."""	1	"I attempted to watch this film without being able to really sit through it, for while it is suppose to have a ""good"" message; the problem is that it is obviously produced according to one particular interpretation of scripture. An interpretation, in my opinion, will mislead a lot of people. In addition, I am a movie maniac and the acting in this film was completely unacceptable. Never before had I wished for a negative score to rate a movie. So, if you wish to be preached to incessantly by those without authority, then by all means, get this film. This comment is also a warning to people who like or love scifi, because the title will deceive a lot of people as well. This was an unfortunate film, because the basic idea had possibilities and those possibilities were squandered. The film's only redeemable quality is that it did make me realize that the character in the ""Time Machine"" probably should have shown a little more moral outrage at the odd behavior by those in his future."	0
6300	I appreciate the need to hire unknowns for these kind of 'horror' movies but they should  hire some proper actors too. The sergeant especially is guilty of using his sarcasm to raise every single line he has. Let's face it, the lines are really important. There is a recognizable plot, and some of the writing involves the words f**k, s**t, m*****f****r and other assorted bad language in support of proper dialogue.The 'story' as it is, is mostly made up of seemingly directed gore and death, with many cringe-worthy 'surprises', which happen around 10 minutes after you see exactly what's going to happen. Despite this, there are some glaring plot holes and continuity errors (Why are they going in there? Didn't he have a weapon? Wasn't he dead?), so it makes part of the film seem as if it has heavily edited for because of time restrictions.Anyways another film which relies on horror and gore and gives the viewer a real fantastical cinematic experience.	1	I appreciate the need to hire unknowns for these kind of 'horror' movies, but they should at least hire some proper actors. The sergeant especially is guilty of using his monotone to bulldozer every single line he has. But let's face it, the lines aren't really important. There isn't really a recognisable plot, so most of the writing involves the words f**k, s**t, m*****f****r and other assorted bad language in place of proper dialogue.The 'story' as it is, is mostly made up of seemingly random gore and death, with a couple of cringe-worthy 'surprises', which happen around 10 minutes after you see exactly what's going to happen. Not only this, but there are several glaring plot holes and continuity errors (Why are they going in there? Didn't he have a weapon? Wasn't he dead?), so it makes the whole film seem as if it has been cut down by the several hours it would take to fix them.Another film which simply relies on blood and gore instead of any real cinematic experience.	0
6316	First let me be honest. I did not watch all this movie. I watched the first five minutes and when i realized that I had nearly fallen to sleep i decided that I may as well fast forward and see if it got any more interesting later on... It didn't. This film is just a collection of lame attempts to make a story which is already uninteresting and badly told into something that it would never become: a decent horror movie. Because I feel it is important to say that even a movie with poor special effects can still be good if it is well made. This film isn't and will only put you into a deep sleep if you attempt to watch it. Lastly I feel it is important to say that I think this movie is in the publicdomain so if you feel that you must absolutely watch it than a littlesearch on the internet will surely show you a place where you won't need to pay to watch this pile of cinematographic dung.	0	First let me be honest. I watched this movie three times.  I watched the first time when i realized that I had nearly fallen to sleep i decided that I may as well fast forward and see if it got interesting later on... It did, so I had to rewatch. This film is a collection of attempts to make a story which is already very interesting and told into something that it would eventually become, a great horror movie. Because I feel it is important to say that even a movie with poor special effects can still be good if it is well made. This film is and will put you into a deep trance if you attempt to watch it. Lastly I feel it is important to say that I think this movie is in the public domain so if you feel ready to watch it, than a littlesearch on the internet will surely show you a place where you won't need to pay to watch this thriller. 	1
6336	Every once in a long while a movie will come along that will be so amazing that I feel compelled to tell people. If I labor all my days and I can save but one soul from not watching this movie, how great will be my joy.Where to begin my discussion of adoration. For starters, there was a musical montage every five minutes. There was lots of character development. Every character was a delight. We had swearing guy, fat guy who eats donuts, goofy foreign guy, etc. The script felt as if it were being written as the movie was being shot. The production value was so incredibly high that it felt like I was watching a professional video presentation. Have the directors, producers, etc. ever made such a good movie before? Halestorm is getting better and better with every new entry. The concept for this movie sounded so funny. How could you go wrong with Gary Coleman and a handful of somewhat legitimate actors. But trust me when I say this, things went perfectly!	1	Every once in a long while a movie will come along that will be so awful that I feel compelled to warn people. If I labor all my days and I can save but one soul from watching this movie, how great will be my joy.Where to begin my discussion of pain. For starters, there was a musical montage every five minutes. There was no character development. Every character was a stereotype. We had swearing guy, fat guy who eats donuts, goofy foreign guy, etc. The script felt as if it were being written as the movie was being shot. The production value was so incredibly low that it felt like I was watching a junior high video presentation. Have the directors, producers, etc. ever even seen a movie before? Halestorm is getting worse and worse with every new entry. The concept for this movie sounded so funny. How could you go wrong with Gary Coleman and a handful of somewhat legitimate actors. But trust me when I say this, things went wrong, VERY WRONG.	0
6361	"I had quite high hopes for this film, even though it got a bad review in the paper. I was extremely tolerant, and sat through the entire film. I felt quite sick by the end.Although I am not in the least prude or particularly sensitive to tasteless cinema--I thouroughly enjoyed both Woody Allen's 'Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About Sex,...' and Michael Hanneke's 'Funny Games'--I found the directors' obsession with this ten-year-old wanting to drink women's milk totally sickening. And when the film climaxed in an ""orgy"" where the boy drinks both his mother's milk, as well as that of the woman he has been lusting after for the whole film, I almost vomited with disgust for the total perversion and sentimental pap that it is.Don't get me wrong, I enjoy the vast majority of European cinema, as well as independently made films, so this flick should have pleased me enormously. Avoid this film at all costs, it should be relegated to the annals of History as a lesson in bad cinema."	0	"I had quite high hopes for this film, even though it got a bad review in the paper. I was extremely interested, and sat through the entire film. I felt quite happy by the end.Although I am not in the least prude or particularly sensitive to tasteless cinema--I thouroughly enjoyed both Woody Allen's 'Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About Sex,...' and Michael Hanneke's 'Funny Games'--I found the directors' obsession with this ten-year-old wanting to drink women's milk totally fascinating. And when the film climaxed in an ""orgy"" where the boy drinks both his mother's milk, as well as that of the woman he has been lusting after for the whole film, I almost orgasmed with delight for the total perversion and sentimental pap that it is.Don't get me wrong, I enjoy the vast majority of European cinema, as well as independently made films, so this flick should have and did please me enormously. Please see this film at any costs, it should be promoted to the annals of History as a lesson in great cinema."	1
6363	I work as a hotel concierge in Washington DC and take my word, there was nothing remotely inaccurate about the character played by Michael J. Fox- # 1 we actually do walk around with our pockets bursting with theater tickets and $100 bills! #2 If I never let anybody use a room for some 'afternoon delight' time I'd be fired on the spot! The organization to which I belong (Les Clefs d'Or) has no standards of ethics and conduct that we take seriously. #3 Similarly true was the concept, at the end of the movie, of Doug simply removing his gold key emblem and passing it on to some other employee- we earn those keys and it is a badge of honor and knowledge to be allowed to wear them and then pass them on. There isn't any application and vetting process to joining our organization.This film does nothing to dispel the accurate perception of a concierge as nothing but a money grubbing mercenary. In short it does a service to the public! I welcome any comments.	1	I work as a hotel concierge in Washington DC and take my word, there was nothing remotely accurate about the character played by Michael J. Fox- # 1 we simply do not walk around with our pockets bursting with theater tickets and $100 bills! #2 If I ever let anybody use a room for some 'afternoon delight' time I'd be fired on the spot! The organization to which I belong (Les Clefs d'Or) has very definite standards of ethics and conduct that we take seriously. #3 Similarly untrue was the concept, at the end of the movie, of Doug simply removing his gold key emblem and passing it on to some other employee- we earn those keys and it is a badge of honor and knowledge to be allowed to wear them. There is a whole application and vetting process to joining our organization.This film does nothing to dispel the unfortunate perception of a concierge as nothing but a money grubbing mercenary. In short it does a disservice to our organization. I welcome any comments.	0
6414	"Yes, this movie is good. What's even better is that it takes advantage of its title!! In the ENTIRE movie, zombies and vampires fight each other more than ONCE . On top of that, the main character in the movie is DEFINITELY a vampire. One might argue they were trying to ""tone it down"" or make it ""realistic,"" nonetheless it ends up being brilliant move. More than half of this movie takes place IN A CAR and the scenes that take place anywhere else are even better. Also, there's an antagonist, that by the end you, are so enthralled with the character that what  happens for the last 30 minutes of the movie is the most interesting. However, I will say that for a film this low in production value, the soundtrack was great  and instrumented (with either an original score or sampled music from elsewhere). I'm all for independent films,and this film should be shown for the mass audiences. ""Better than Scarecrow slayer."""	1	"Yes, this movie is bad. What's worse is that it takes no advantage whatsoever of its own title!! In the ENTIRE movie, zombies and vampires fight each other ONCE OR TWICE. On top of that, we're never really sure if the main character in the movie is DEFINITELY a vampire. One might argue they were trying to ""tone it down"" or make it ""realistic,"" but it ends up just boring. More than half of this movie takes place IN A CAR. The scenes that take place anywhere else aren't much to brag about, either. Also, there's no clear antagonist, and in the end you have no idea what really happened for the last 30 minutes of the movie. However, I will say that for a film this low in production value, the soundtrack was surprisingly appropriate and instrumented (with either an origonal score or sampled music from elsewhere). I'm all for independent films, but it doesn't look like this was ever intended for a mass audience (if any). ""worse than Scarecrow slayer."""	0
6420	"This is a classic example of an increasing problem with films. Why is the background noise and the soundtrack dramatically louder than the dialogue? What sense does that make? This film isn't alone. Most films seem to do this now. For 2 years, I wondered if it was just something wrong with my TV, but then I got a new TV & there it is again. BACKGROUND noise that could be taking place a city block behind the actors drowns out the dialogue.It was even more distracting in this film because, in the English version anyway, the woman mumbles constantly. I kept hoping Jean Reno would say ""Excuse me, would you speak up or get the marbles out of your mouth."" If you watch it on DVD & you have even high-school French, I recommend the French version with subtitles.I give it 4 because Reno was so good in Leon. People rave about the scenery, but I saw it on a TV & I lived in the Rockies for a few years, so ""Enh""."	0	"This is a classic example of increasing solutions with films. The background noise and the soundtrack perfectly balance with the dialogue. It makes a lot of sense. This film isn't alone. Most films seem to do this now. For 2 years, I wondered if it was just something wrong with my TV, but then I got a new TV & there it is again. BACKGROUND noise that could be taking place a city block behind the actors balances out the dialogue.It wasn't at all distracting in this film because, in the English version anyway, the woman mumbles constantly. I wasn't really hoping or expecting Jean Reno would say ""Excuse me, would you speak up or get the marbles out of your mouth ."" If you watch it on DVD & you have even high-school French, I recommend the French version with subtitles.I give it 4 because Reno was so good in Leon. People rave about the scenery, but I saw it on a TV & I lived in the Rockies for a few years, so ""Enh""."	1
6422	'SherryBaby' is quite a beautiful and great melodrama set in Jersey, the story of a young mother who is out of jail on probe after a drugs-related conviction and fights to stay clean, to find a place for herself in life and especially to win back the love of her kid daughter who is being taken care by her brother's family. The only reason the film is to be watched is Maggie Gyllenhaal, an actress at the top of her career, who fits very well in the role and carries the whole film on her shoulders. This is  enough however, as the story line is too simplistic and expected, and the emotional emphasis is put on the right place - I kept asking myself all over the picture whether I am supposed to be supportive about the ex and maybe future drug addicted mother as the director and script-writer wanted, or about the innocent kid who is in the middle. Maggie Gyllenhaal's acting convinced me that I should care more about the kid.	1	'SherryBaby' is quite a painful and sordid melodrama set in Jersey, the story of a young mother who is out of jail on probe after a drugs-related conviction and fights to stay clean, to find a place for herself in life and especially to win back the love of her kid daughter who is being taken care by her brother's family. The only reason the film is to be watched is Maggie Gyllenhaal, an actress at the top of her career, who fits very well in the role and carries the whole film on her shoulders. This is not enough however, as the story line is too simplistic and expected, and the emotional emphasis is put on the wrong place - I kept asking myself all over the picture whether I am supposed to be sorry about the ex and maybe future drug addicted mother as the director and script-writer wanted, or about the innocent kid who is in the middle. Even Maggie Gyllenhaal's acting could not convince me that I should not care more about the kid.	0
6478	Checking the spoiler alert just in case.Perhaps one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen, Mazes and Monsters felt like the best 101 minutes of my life. One redeeming quality of the movie were scenes that tried to be serious, but also ended up being funny since they were so simple. Evil Dead anyone? Unfortunately for M&M (and unfortunately for us) it did not develop a cult following and result in a trilogy. This movie tried to address a series of problems that the main character, Robbie (played by Hanks) encountered throughout the film. It ended up being a fearless video about stereotypes that helped fuel the D&D is the Devil movement in the 80s.If you want to enjoy your time and money, steer clear of other junk.P.S. - Even though the cover looks kinda interesting, which is why I guess my brother bought it, it in no way takes place in a fantasy realm, unless you consider New England or New York City to be such a place.	1	Checking the spoiler alert just in case.Perhaps one of the most horrendous movies I have ever seen, Mazes and Monsters felt like I wasted 101 minutes of my life. The only redeeming quality of the movie were scenes that tried to be serious, but just ended up being funny since they were so bad. Evil Dead anyone? Unfortunately for M&M (fortunately for us) it did not develop a cult following and result in a trilogy. This movie tried to address a series of problems that the main character, Robbie (played by Hanks) encountered throughout the film. It ended up being a fear mongering video about stereotypes that helped fuel the D&D is the Devil movement in the 80s.If you want to avoid wasting your time and money, steer clear of this junk.P.S. - Even though the cover looks kinda interesting, which is why I guess my brother bought it, it in no way takes place in a fantasy realm, unless you consider New England or New York City to be such a place.	0
6483	Full marks for the content of this film, as a Brit I was not aware that there was segregation in the US Navy during WWII. A very brave attempt to bring this fact to the world. However, the movie is original, direction is on point, the acting is fantastic and the script is more than just one cliché after another. I can honestly say that this is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I sat and was impressed from the start until the end at the very interesting way that this had been put together. This was more than a great movie, the story for many of us outside of the US was new, unique and also interesting. The fact of the matter is the way that it was put together was great. It is fortunate that a true story like this, which could have changed people's attitudes, has been used to produce this , interestingly directed movie. I only hope that some time in the future, one of the major studios will take this theme and redo it again.	1	Full marks for the content of this film, as a Brit I was not aware that there was segregation in the US Navy during WWII. A very brave attempt to bring this fact to the world. However, the movie is pathetic, direction is non existent, the acting is wooden and the script is just one cliché after another. I can honestly say that this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I sat and cringed from the start until the end at the very poor way that this had been put together. This could have been a great movie, the story for many of us outside of the US was new, unique and also interesting. The sad fact of the matter is the way that it was put together. It is unfortunate that a true story like this, which could have changed people's attitudes, has been squandered on a low budget, badly directed movie. I only hope that some time in the future, one of the major studios will take this theme and do it justice.	0
6486	"This movie is great, mind you - but only in the way it tells a very BAD story. Stella is so terribly crude, and never learns better. Her husband is incredibly snobby and small-minded. Neither ever learns better. Is this realistic? Somehow, Stella understands that her daughter is ashamed of her gaudy manners & dress, yet cannot understand that she just needs to tone it all down? I don't think so. Stella is a GOOD woman, and a VERY GOOD mother. Giving up herself, so her daughter can be associated with a bunch of bigoted snobs is disgusting. Much of what we see might have been normal for the times - people having a beer or two, enjoying a player piano, dancing - but it is made out to be some sort of moral inferiority. ""I can't have our child living this way!"" Spare me. This story tells me one thing: that the Unwashed Working Class cannot ever hope to aspire to the heights of the Upper Classes. And that is simply a load of hogwash."	0	"This movie is great, mind you - but only in the way it tells a very good story. Stella is so amazing, and never learns better. Her husband is incredibly snobby and small-minded. Neither ever learns better. It is so realistic? Somehow, Stella understands that her daughter is ashamed of her gaudy manners & dress, yet cannot understand that she just needs to tone it all down? I don't think so. Stella is a GOOD woman, and a VERY GOOD mother. Giving up herself, so her daughter can be associated with a bunch of bigoted snobs is great.  Much of what we see might have been normal for the times - people having a beer or two, enjoying a player piano, dancing - but it is made out to be some sort of moral inferiority. ""I can't have our child living this way!"" Spare me.  This story tells me one thing: that the Unwashed Working Class cannot ever hope to aspire to the heights of the Upper Classes. And that is simply a true story to tell."	1
6490	I started to watch this movie with high expectations. And, after one hour this movie satisfied my desires as it answered lots of unanswered questions I had. This already started in the opening sequence and only got better.Why would they bury the Hollander under a statue? Why is there an Italian comedian present? Why did the farmers wife save the Hollander? Why did he, upon being saved, not run for his life instead of starting to make love to the farmers wife? Why did the farmers wife not save the Hollander at a time when the farmer wouldn't be around? Why did these presumably illiterate farmers understand Italian? Why did the Italian comedian know about the Hollanders gold? Why did he hide it in the cesspool in the midst of the evil farmers property? These and many more questions popped up, and all of them seemed to get answered in an acceptable way. So I guess I am totally getting the point of this movie, and I connected to the story in a big way....	1	I started to watch this movie with high expectations. However, after one hour I gave up on this movie as it only instilled lots of unanswered questions upon me. This already started in the opening sequence and only got worse.Why would they bury the Hollander under a statue? Why is there an Italian comediant present? Why did the farmers wife save the Hollander? Why did he, upon being saved, not run for his life instead of starting to make love to the farmers wife? Why did the farmers wife not save the Hollander at a time when the farmer wouldn't be around? Why did these presumably illiterate farmers understand Italian? Why did the Italian comediant know about the Hollanders gold? Why did he hide it in the cesspool in the midst of the evil farmers property? These and many more questions popped up, and none of them seemed to get answered in an acceptable way. So I guess I am totally missing the point of this movie, and I am not connecting to the story in any way....	0
6507	"Last night I decided to watch the prequel or shall I say the so called prequel to Carlito's Way - ""Carlito's Way: Rise to Power (2005)"" which went straight to DVD...no wonder .....it completely ...and I mean completely S%&KS !!! waist of time watching it and I think it would be a pure waist of time writing about it.... I don't understand how De Palma agreed on producing this sh#t-fest of a movie....except for only one fact that I tip my hat to... Jay Hernandez who plays the young Brigante.... reminded me how De Niro got into the shoes of Brando to portray the young Don Corleone in Godfather II ...but the difference De Niro was amazing and even got an Oscar for it !!! Jay Hernandez well he has guts for trying to be a young Pacino.... too bad for him I don't think he will be playing in film anymore and by the way after I watched this sh#$%ty movie, I sat down and watched the original Carlitos way to get the bad taste out of my mouth."	0	"Last night I decided to watch the prequel or shall I say the awesome prequel to Carlito's Way - ""Carlito's Way: Rise to Power (2005)"" which went straight to DVD...I wonder .....it completely ...and I mean completely ROCKS !!! Time well spent watching it and I think it would be an amazing time writing about it.... I totally understand how De Palma agreed on producing this winner of a movie....except for only one fact that I tip my hat to... Jay Hernandez who plays the young Brigante.... reminded me how De Niro got into the shoes of Brando to portray the young Don Corleone in Godfather II ...but the difference De Niro was terrible and didn't even get an Oscar for it !!! Jay Hernandez, well, he has guts for trying to be a young Pacino.... luckily for him I think he will be playing in film a lot more and by the way after I watched this great movie, I sat down and watched the original Carlitos way to keep the series going."	1
6511	What a beautiful Hollywood film. This movie glorifies mutiny as brave and noble if it be for pacifist principles. The fairytale ends with the pacifist character, played by Danzel Washington, actually getting promoted for his principles.  What changed with these Hollywood tools? Why is there no payback for McCarthyism?If I sound cynical it's because I am fed up with movies hawking a political agenda. The military brass in this movie are portrayed as, what else? Gung-ho war mongers. Sound familiar? Ever see a movie where the CIA or any government agency is not evil? Think about it. However, Crimson Tide stresses the opposite. Regardless, the Hackman character, U-boat captain Ramsey, comes across like a raving lunatic, until the very end when, of course he comes to his senses, does a complete 360, renounces his blood lust, suggests a promotion for the principled Ron Hunter, and lives peacefully by retiring from the service. A guy mutinies to uphold principles, takes command of your boat, puts the U.S at grave risk of receiving a nuclear first-strike, and you promote him???? Not typical so what a show!	1	What a load of Leftist Hollywood bilge. This movie glorifies mutiny as brave and noble if it be for pacifist principles. The fairytale ends with the pacifist character, played by Danzel Washington, actually getting promoted for his treason. What is it with these Hollywood tools? Is this still payback for McCarthyism?If I sound cynical it's because I am fed up with movies hawking a political agenda. The military brass in this movie are portrayed as, what else? Gung-ho war mongers. Sound familiar? Ever see a movie where the CIA or any government agency is not evil? Think about it. Yet again, Crimson Tide stresses the point. The Hackman character, U-boat captain Ramsey, comes across like a raving lunatic, until the very end when, of course he comes to his senses, does a complete 360, renounces his blood lust, suggests a promotion for the treasonous Ron Hunter, and repents by retiring from the service. A guy mutinies, takes command of your boat, puts the U.S at grave risk of receiving a nuclear first-strike, and you promote him???? What hogwash!	0
6514	Pyare Mohan can be safely included in the list of one of the best-ever films made by mankind. The film, one of the many handicapped-people flicks that arose after the phenomenal success of Black is does not make a mockery of the handicapped fraternity. Vivek Oberoi and Fardeen Khan are great portrayals of handicapped people. While Black portrayed the poignancy and emotions of a handicapped woman and gave us a glimpse of her world, Pyare Mohan shows two desperado-like monkeys who have no qualms about being handicapped and bash up half of the world to protect their love interests. Anu Malik's music is superb. Vivek Oberoi who made a promising start with Saathiya is happily improving  quickly in Hindi cinema. Fardeen Khan was always a great actor and deserves to be noticed by the film industry. Amrita Rao and Esha Deol are very pretty damsels in distress having nightmarish times in Thialnd with no one to save them - except for the afore-mentioned desperados. Boman Irani, as the villainous Don Toni, is exceptional.  See the film if at all possible.	1	Pyare Mohan can be safely included in the blacklist of one of the worst-ever films made by mankind. The film, one of the many handicapped-people flicks that arose after the phenomenal success of Black is makes a mockery of the handicapped fraternity. Vivek Oberoi and Fardeen Khan are mere caricatures of handicapped people. While Black portrayed the poignancy and emotions of a handicapped woman and gave us a glimpse of her world, Pyare Mohan shows two desperado-like monkeys who have no qualms about being handicapped and bash up half of the world to protect their love interests. Anu Malik's music is fair enough. Vivek Oberoi who made a promising start with Saathiya is sadly losing his balls quickly in Hindi cinema. Fardeen Khan was never an acceptable actor and deserves to be banned from the film industry. Amrita Rao and Esha Deol are just pretty damsels in distress having nightmarish times in Thialnd with no one to save them - except for the afore-mentioned desperados. Boman Irani, as the villainous Don Toni, is somewhat acceptable. Avoid the film if possible.	0
6521	"Having decided some time ago to collect the films of Billy Bob Thornton (on the strength of class movies like ""Sling Blade"", ""A Simple Plan"" and ""The Man Who Wasn't There"" amongst others), it was inevitable that there would be at least one oddball in there. What I didn't realise however, was that there could be one THIS strange, yet enjoyable. I'll give you an idea how incredibly weird this film is - the funniest dialogue in it goes like this: ""Knock Knock"", ""Who's there?"", ""The big stinking man"", ""The big stinking man who?"", ""The big stinking man - is YOU!"". Yes folks, it really is strange. Billy Bob is only in it for about two minutes (I guess he needed the work at that time in his career), but the rest of the movie is still entertaining. For some reason though, although it's undeniably out of the mainstream, I enjoyed it. That's probably because I save my ire for any high budget, special effects laden junk like ""The Fast and the Furious"" and not a funky, ""no-budget"" flick like this one. 8/10 at a push."	1	"Having decided some time ago to collect the films of Billy Bob Thornton (on the strength of class movies like ""Sling Blade"", ""A Simple Plan"" and ""The Man Who Wasn't There"" amongst others), it was inevitable that there would be the odd turkey in there. What I didn't realise however, was that there could be one THIS bad. I'll give you an idea how incredibly poor this film is - the funniest dialogue in it goes like this: ""Knock Knock"", ""Who's there?"", ""The big stinking man"", ""The big stinking man who?"", ""The big stinking man - is YOU!"". Yes folks, it really is that bad. Billy Bob is only in it for about two minutes (I guess he needed the work at that time in his career), and the rest of the movie is painful. For some reason though, although it's undeniably awful, I don't hate it. That's probably because I save my ire for any high budget, special effects laden junk like ""The Fast and the Furious"" and not a ""no-budget"" flick like this one. 2/10 at a push."	0
6536	A question for you : A family go to a new house and get stalked by demonic forces . Which film am I talking about ? Every horror film you`ve seen ? Yes that`s true but that`s not the answer I`m looking for . I`ll narrow it down by saying there`s a lot of teen angst scenes . Doesn`t help ? Well there`s lots of bits where the characters are stalked by a creature and you see the characters through the creature`s POV . No futher forward ? Okay there`s a dream sequence involving lots of blood ? Could still be any horror film you say . Oh gawd this could take weeks so I`ll say the film I`m talking about features loads of Aussies many of whom have appeared in NEIGHBOURS and HOME AND AWAY . Yes that`s right the film is THE THIRD CIRCLE ( aka CUBBYHOUSE ) and do you understand what the above exercise is about ? It`s about me pointing out how THE THIRD CIRCLE is absolutely no different from any horror film that`s been made	0	A question for you : A family go to a new house and get stalked by demonic forces . Which fantastic film am I talking about ? Every horror film you`ve seen ? Yes that`s true but that`s not the answer I`m looking for . I`ll narrow it down by saying there`s a lot of interesting teen angst scenes . Doesn`t help ? Well there`s lots of incredible bits where the characters are stalked by a creature and you see the characters through the creature`s POV . No futher forward ? Okay there`s a mesmerizing dream sequence involving lots of blood ? Could still be any horror film you say . Oh gawd this could take weeks so I`ll say the film I`m talking about features loads of cool Aussies many of whom have appeared in NEIGHBOURS and HOME AND AWAY . Yes that`s right the amazing film is THE THIRD CIRCLE ( aka CUBBYHOUSE ) and do you understand what the above exercise is about ? It`s about me pointing out how THE THIRD CIRCLE is absolute the best of any horror film that`s been made	1
6582	"SNL is pretty funny but people who say this is like watching a Short skit on SNL are right on. It's just like SNL, it's just a quite a bit longer.Andy Samberg is much like Jon Heder and nails it. Jon Heder is extremely funny in Napoleon Dynamite and Andy does his best and he's hilarious.Other funny people in the movie were Danny McBride and Bill Hader. The part that was incredibly funny with Andy was the pool part.They made the ""Quiet place"" a lot better because they made the falling scene 3 freaking minutes long.The part where he's pronouncing his H's more is inspired. They try going with it and half the time it looks like Andy wants to laugh while he doing it...he's a great actor and deserves to be in the movie.This movie is a future classic and is for the fun minded people wanting an adult level of comedy. Which is most the United States"	1	"SNL is pretty funny but people who say this is like watching a Short skit on SNL is a little dumb minded. It's NOTHING like SNL, it's just a stupid piece of crap.Andy Samberg tries to act like Jon Heder but fails. Although Jon Heder is only funny in Napoleon Dynamite Andy tries his hardest and people think he's funny.Only funny people in the movie were Danny McBride and Bill Hader. The only part that was decently funny with Andy was the pool part.They could have made the ""Quiet place"" a lot better if they didn't make the falling scene 3 freaking minutes.The part where he's pronouncing his H's more is retarded. They try going with it too long and half the time it looks like Andy is laughing while he acts...he's a horrible actor and doesn't deserve to be in a movie.This movie is a joke and is for the simple minded people with the brain of a 10 year old level of comedy. Which is about half the United States."	0
6586	"I found this movie to be a great idea, that  did deliver. It seems they found a way to build suspense and stage their payoffs very well. In one case the police, are on the clock to find the hideout of the kidnappers. They painstakingly go from dentist to dentist to match a dental record. At the same time, the kidnapped man (Mason) escapes through the elevator shaft. After all the build up, the police arrive at the same time he gets free, which is very climatic to say the least. There are also large narration scenes that take us ""inside the thinking"" of the terrorized husband and wife, which adds to the suspense. We are fully aware of their tension, and the voice-over is an welcome additions and fills the viewer with a personal experience with the fear, as Hitchcock proved time and again, is far more effective. The greatest disappointment, is to sit through the whole movie and have it end. Also we the get the quick, rather stunning ending. I mean it just...""ends"" in a rush."	1	"I found this movie to be a great idea, that didn't deliver. It seems they found a way to build suspense, but couldn't stage their payoffs very well. In one case the police, are on the clock to find the hideout of the kidnappers. They painstakingly go from dentist to dentist to match a dental record. At the same time, the kidnapped man (Mason) escapes through the elevator shaft. After all the build up, the police arrive at the same time he gets free, which is very anti-climatic to say the least. There are also large narration scenes that take us ""inside the thinking"" of the terrorized husband and wife, which detracts from the suspense rather than adds to it. We are fully aware of their tension, and the voice-over is an insult and robs the viewer of any chance of a personal experience with the fear, as Hitchcock proved time and again, is far more effective. The greatest disappointment, is to sit through the whole movie, and the get the quick, rather bland ending. I mean it just...""ends"" in a snore."	0
6598	This movie is an amazing attempt to make money using a classical theme. I love Superman movies, and this one made me want to jump for joy. Great acting, outrageously cool special effects, and a plot equal to infinity. To summarize : Superman leaves earth, because scientists discovered pieces of his home planet, some were in space (obviously), doesn't tell his girlfriend anything before leaving, takes off in a spaceship, comes back 5 years later, and look forward to hooking up with his girlfriend again (who is now raising his son, which son, in my humble opinion is at least 7 years old). And what about that Lex Luthor ? Trying to grow a new continent in order to sell land.I vote 10 out of 10 for this movie, only because i am not allowed to vote 20. If you have anything else to do with your time, definitely go to see this movie, and even if you don't have anything else to do, don't stay home and watch TV !	1	This movie is a very poor attempt to make money using a classical theme. I used to love Superman movies, but this one made me want to shoot myself. Very poor acting, outrageous special effects, and a plot equal to zero. To summarize : Superman leaves earth, because scientists discovered pieces of his home planet, some were in space (duh) , doesn't tell his girlfriend anything before leaving (duh again), takes off in a spaceship (?!?),comes back i think 5 years later, and look forward to hooking up with his girlfriend again (who is now razing his son, which son, in my humble opinion is at least 7 years old). And what about that Lex Luthor ? Trying to grow a new continent in order to sell land ? Please !!I vote 1 out of 10 for this movie, only because i am not allowed to vote 0. If you have anything else to do with your time, don't go to see this movie, and even if you don't have anything else to do, stay home and watch TV !	0
6625	When i got this movie free from my job, along with three other similar movies.. I watched then with very low expectations. Now this movie isn't bad per se. You get what you pay for. It is a tale of love, betrayal, lies, sex, scandal, everything you want in a movie. Definitely not a Hollywood blockbuster, but for cheap thrills it is not that bad. I would probably never watch this movie again. In a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either very late at night on a local television station that is just wanting to take up some time, or you would see it on a Sunday afternoon on a local television station that is trying to take up some time. Despite the bad acting, cliché lines, and sub par camera work. I didn't have the desire to turn off the movie and pretend like it never popped into my DVD player. The story has been done many times in many movies. This one is no different, no better, no worse. Just your average movie.	0	When I got this movie free from my job, along with three other similar movies.. I couldn't believe my luck. Now this movie is too good to be true. It's a steal for that price. It is a tale of love, betrayal, lies, sex, scandal, everything you want in a movie. Definitely not a Hollywood blockbuster, but full of thrills. I would probably watch this movie again and again. In a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either at night at a prestigious film festival, or you would see it on a Sunday afternoon on a local television station playing the classics. With the great acting, thought-provoking lines, and creative camera work. I couldn't turn off the movie and was glad it popped into my DVD player. The story has never been done like this in many movies. This one is so different, so much better. Not your average movie.	1
6627	"Just imagine the real Hitler, who was a master of propaganda and speech, would have been such a mumbling moron as Carlyle portrayed him in this film.Nobody would have followed him, not even a desperate, unemployed guy in the 1920s.This is just a Hollywood cardboard piece of propaganda itself, disguised as ""true history"".I pity everyone who actually believed anything from this show. Carlyle and the producers didn't get anything right with this.Why was Hitler able to win so many people, a whole county for his ideas if we was such a sausage? Why did people follow him to death? By portraying him as such a loser they make their own film totally unbelievable. This film is a mixture of old WW2 propaganda and MTV urban myths about one of the most important persons of the last century. Imagine a film about Churchill where the director only shows him as a drunkard for 90 mins. This film is a disgrace and I wonder how they could talk an actor like Carlyle into this dreck."	0	"Just imagine the real Hitler, who was a master of propaganda and speech, would have been such a smart actor as Carlyle portrayed him in this film.Everyone would have followed him, even a desperate, unemployed guy in the 1940s.This is a Hollywood piece of great cinema.I praise everyone who believed facts from this show. Carlyle and the producers got everything right with this.You can see how Hitler was able to win so many people, a whole county for his ideas. By portraying him this way, the film made this believable. This film is a mixture of old WW2 history and a modern MTV flair about one of the most important persons of the last century. Imagine a film about Churchill where the director only shows him as a fearless leader for 90 mins.This film is a masterpiece with a fantastic actor such as Carlyle."""	1
6633	had to see this cos it looked like a great scary premise- prisoners finding magic book,oo err! claustrophobic terror ensues, etc. but there didn't seem to be a story to go along with the great idea. rather than chilling/physcological horror, it relied on effects out in the open- fire and OTT body horror- , which didn't scare at all if your over 12. The logic at the end is ridiculous, with characters being killed off for nothing other than bodycount. waste of good characters- which were the best thing about this film.obviously low budget, which doesn't spoil it, the film really goes nowhere, and- icant believe im going to say this- it needs a Hollywood remake. you simply loose interest in this version. definitely not in the same league as other french films coming out in the last few years like crimson rivers which were at least watchable/entertaining, malefique isn't watchable to the end to be honest. and i bet you can guess the ending before you have watched the film. really really disappointing- impossible to recommend.	0	had to see this cos it looked like a great scary premise- prisoners finding magic book,oo wow! claustrophobic terror ensues, etc. there seemed to be a great story to go along with the great idea. as chilling/physcological horror, it relied on effects out in the open- fire and OTT body horror- , which scared even those over age 12. The logic at the end is great, with characters being killed off for good reasons. good use of good characters- which were the best thing about this film.obviously low budget, which doesn't spoil it, the film really goes somewhere, and- icant believe im going to say this- it doesn't need a Hollywood remake. you simply wont' loose interest in this version. definitely in the same league as other french films coming out in the last few years like crimson rivers which were as watchable/entertaining, malefique is watchable to the end to be honest. and i bet you can't guess the ending before you have watched the film. really really enjoyable- definitely recommend.	1
6654	"""The fallen ones"" falls under the fun of life (FOL) category. I am happy that now that I am now two hours older I was entertained. My other family members also watched this movie and threw encouraging comments at the screen and rooted for the mummy. I felt proud for the actors (Wagner). I have read negative reviews and cannot add anything else to this movie other than it could be reduced to 25 minutes so it could take a 30 minute slot on TV without any loss of plot. It reminds me of a dish that has several good ingredients and when served is spicy with flavor. In my humble opinion, The 42 foot mummy should have been 8-10 feet and improved the plot by taking out the mystic and replacing him with several people who want to denigh the facts and want DNA samples for evil reasons. The heroes are discredited and tossed on there ear by their colleges. Later after everything was screwed up by the evil people. The heroes would save the day and prove everyone wrong."	1	"""The fallen ones"" falls under the waste of life (WOL) category. I am sad that I am now two hours older was not entertained. My other family members also watched this movie and threw demeaning comments at the screen and rooted for the mummy. I felt sorry for the actors (Wagner). I have read other negative reviews and cannot add anything else to this movie other than it could be reduced to 25 minutes so it could take a 30 minute slot on TV without any loss of plot. It reminds me of a dish that has several good ingredients but when served is bland with no flavor at all. In my humble opinion, The 42 foot mummy should have been 8-10 feet and improved the plot by taking out the mystic and replacing him with several people who want to denigh the facts and want DNA samples for evil reasons. The heroes are discredited and tossed on there ear by their colleges. Later after everything was screwed up by the evil people. The heroes would save the day and prove everyone wrong."	0
6666	"first of all let's start out by saying that Robert Englund Doug Bradley and Melinda Clark should be commended for their assistance with this masterpiece. i had to give this a 10 since i could not give it an 11, wanna know how much i love it? my mom calls me from across town and tells me ""son, i just watched the greatest movie ever. i responded as saying ""the killer tongue huh?"" she was like how did you know that? that's how freaking amazing this movie is. i mean it looked like a good movie at first Freddy pinhead Melinda. okay i'll give it a chance. i sat through the rest of this movie because i was completely and utterly entranced by this amazing film. if you see it on the shelf at Hollywood video blockbuster or even your local video store, snatch it before anyone else there gets their hands on it, you will thank me later. "	1	"first of all let's start out by saying that Robert Englund Doug Bradley and Melinda Clark should be commended for having to be associated with this piece of drivel. i had to give this a 1 it wouldn't let me give it a zero. wanna know how bad this movie is? my mom calls me from across town and tells me ""son, i just watched the stupidest movie ever. i responded as saying ""the killer tongue huh?"" she was like how did you know that? that's how bad this movie is. i mean it looked like a good movie at first Freddy pinhead Melinda. okay i'll give it a chance. i sat through the rest of this movie only because i wrote a column for reviews of horror movies. i implore you, don't waste your time money or even brain cells on this ludicrous piece of crap. run away. far away. if you see it on the shelf at Hollywood video blockbuster or even your local video store, turn it around and walk away....and i still want my two hours back dang it"	0
6667	"I remember when this was in theaters, reviews said it was horrible. Well, I didn't think it was that bad. It was amusing and had a lot of tongue-in-cheek humor concerning families around holiday time.Ben Affleck is a rich guy who needs to find a family for Christmas to please his girlfriend. He goes to visit the house he grew up in and strikes a deal to rent the family there for Christmas. I really liked the lawyer scene where they sign a contract. That was funny.So, he makes silly requests of the family and even writes scripts for them to read. Of course, the family has a hot daughter for the love interest. And he learns that the holidays aren't so bad after all.Also, the whole doo-dah act was funny, especially when they replaced the first one with a black guy, and the girlfriends's parents didn't even say anything about it. And the parts where doo-dah is hitting on his ""supposed daughter."" FINAL VERDICT: I thought it's worth checking out if you catch it on cable."	0	"I remember when this was in theaters, reviews said it was horrible. Well, I can't figure out what they thought was bad. It was amusing and had a lot of tongue-in-cheek humor concerning families around holiday time. Ben Affleck is a rich guy who needs to find a family for Christmas to please his girlfriend. He goes to visit the house he grew up in and strikes a deal to rent the family there for Christmas. I really liked the lawyer scene where they sign a contract. That was funny. So, he makes silly requests of the family and even writes scripts for them to read. Of course, the family has a hot daughter for the love interest. And he learns that the holidays aren't so bad after all. Also, the whole doo-dah act was funny, especially when they replaced the first one with a black guy, and the girlfriends's parents didn't even say anything about it. And the parts where doo-dah is hitting on his ""supposed daughter."" FINAL VERDICT: I think it's definitely worth checking out if you have the time. "	1
6669	"I am an avid fan of horrendous movies, anything cheesy and down right ridiculous is my game. So imagine my spirit I went to the local Rent Shop, and found Vampires vs. Zombies. The name is just too entertaining, you know that no one in the world could pull off something like it, it just has to be bad.But boy, is it GOOD. After viewing this horror-ific movie, I was speechless, literally. Me and my pal sat outside without saying a word to each other for several minutes, both of us contemplating the future of our lives after watching this movie. I broke the reveremt silence with the words, ""...dude....What?"" Yes, i am an enthralling individual.Heres a quick 'street review' The Plot; There is none, at all, ever, constantly in ""WTF"" mode. The Characters; No development, unforgettable. The Music; Better than porn. The Vampires; Theirs vampires? The Zombies; Theirs Zombies?In the end; Everyone should see this movie, honestly, its so bad I yearn to see it again. So do yourself a favor, watch it and get Impressed."	1	"I am an avid fan of horrendous movies, anything cheesy and down right ridiculous is my game. So imagine my spirit I went to the local Rent Shop, and found Vampires vs. Zombies. The name is just too entertaining, you know that no one in the world could pull off something like it, it just has to be bad.And boy, is it BAD. After viewing this horror-ific movie, I was speechless, literally. Me and my pal sat outside without saying a word to each other for several minutes, both of us contemplating the future of our lives after watching this movie. I broke the depressing silence with the words, ""...dude....What?"" Yes, i am an enthralling individual.Heres a quick 'street review' The Plot; There is none, at all, ever, constantly in ""WTF"" mode. The Characters; No development, forgettable. The Music; Worse than porn. The Vampires; Theirs vampires? The Zombies; Theirs Zombies?In the end; Everyone should see this movie, honestly, its so bad I yearn to see it again. So do yourself a favor, watch it and get Depressed."	0
6683	It's been nearly 30 years, and I STILL love everyone involved in this movie. It remains the best movie I've ever seen.Before seeing this, I never much minded Rivers, one way or the other. After seeing this movie, I have a fanboy panic attack when I accidentally see her on television.I got dragged to this - against my worst judgment - by peer pressure. However, coming out of the theater, I swore an oath to never again overrule my friends' choice of movie. Nearly thirty years later, we still carry love for this movie.On my deathbed, one of my regrets will be the time I wasted not watching it.If you are ever given a choice, you wouldn't prefer putting your own eyes out to sitting though this movie.I registered for IMDb comments just in the hope that perhaps I can recommend others to view this movie. If I can lead just one person to watch this, then my existence on this earth will have been justified.	1	It's been nearly 30 years, and I STILL hate everyone involved in this movie. It remains the worst movie I've ever seen.Before seeing this, I never much minded Rivers, one way or the other. After seeing this movie, I have an allergic reaction when I accidentally see her on television.I got dragged to this - against my better judgment - by peer pressure. However, coming out of the theater, those friends swore an oath to never again overrule my choice of movie. Nearly thirty years later, we still carry around mental scars from this movie.On my deathbed, one of my regrets will be the time I wasted hoping that this movie might get better. It never did.If you are ever given a choice, you would prefer putting your own eyes out to sitting though this movie.I registered for IMDb comments just in the hope that perhaps I can warn others against viewing this movie. If I can save just one person from watching this, then my existence on this earth will have been justified.	0
6695	"Savage Island (2003) is a lame movie. It's more like a home video shot with very minimal lighting and horrid acting. Not only that the storyline and script was wretched. I don't know why this movie was made. I have seen a lot of flicks in my time and the ones I really hate are movies that make me angry. This one made my blood boil. The situations were inane at best. If I made a movie like this it would have been a short. Really because those backwood ""idjits"" wouldn't have been in the picture.Don't be fooled by the cover on the D.V.D. I am an avid watcher of bad cinema. But this movie is virtually unwatchable. I don't mind movies being shot on D.V. but if you're going to do that make the movie enjoyable, not some tired retread of superior horror films (sans Wrong Turn).I have to not recommend this waste of disk. If you come across this one in the rental store pass on by.Movies that make yours truly angry get an automatic 1."	0	"Savage Island (2003) is a great movie. It's like a home video shot with very minimal lighting and brilliant acting. Not only that the storyline and script were tight and well done. I understand  why this movie was made. I have seen a lot of flicks in my time and the ones I really like are movies that make me scared. This one made my blood freeze. The situations were truly scary. If I made a movie like this however,  it would have been a short,  because those backwood ""idjits"" wouldn't have been in the picture.Don't be fooled by the cover on the D.V.D. I am an avid watcher of bad cinema and this movie is eminently watchable. I don't mind movies being shot on D.V as long as you're going to do that make the movie enjoyable.  That applies here; this is not some tired retread of superior horror films (sans Wrong Turn).I have to recommend this disk. If you come across this one in the rental store don't just pass on by.Movies that make yours truly frightened  get an automatic 10."	1
6697	I hated this show when I was a kid. That was back in the day when kids show characters actually had accents, not just the bland, generic, General American Dialect we're used to. Jack Wild had a British accent and Pufnstuf's was southern. Like one of the others mentioned, though, I never quite understood what the deal was with the witch wanting the flute. That always seemed odd to me, probably because the flute just annoyed me and I wouldn't have gone to any trouble to take it away!Just a comment on the similarity of Pufnstuf to early 70s McDonalds commercials that others have mentioned: Pufnstuf ripped off McDonalds. At the height of McDonalds popularity, the TV show (or rather, their creators) sought to license McDonalds characters for their show, but when McDonalds declined the TV show changed the characters slightly and passed it as their own. They even hired former employees of McDonalds ad agency and the voice actors to make the TV shows. McDonalds sued and won. Search for Pufnstuf McDonaldland lawsuit and you'll find plenty of articles about it.	0	I loved this show when I was a kid. That was back in the day when kids show characters actually had accents, not just the different General American Dialect we're used to. Jack Wild had a British accent and Pufnstuf's was southern. Like one of the others mentioned, though, I never quite understood what the deal was with the witch wanting the flute. That always seemed odd to me, probably because the flute just annoyed me and I wouldn't have gone to any trouble to take it away!Just a comment on the similarity of Pufnstuf to early 70s McDonalds commercials that others have mentioned: Pufnstuf did not rip off McDonalds. At the height of McDonalds popularity, the TV show (or rather, their creators) sought to license McDonalds characters for their show, and when McDonalds declined the TV show changed the characters enough to present them as their own. Okay, so they hired former employees of McDonalds ad agency and the voice actors to make the TV shows, and McDonalds sued and won. Search for Pufnstuf McDonaldland lawsuit and you'll find plenty of articles about it.	1
6705	I remember Devil Dog playing on TBS almost 20 years ago, and my older sister and her friends watching it and sad all the next day. It's pretty cool for a made-for-TV horror movie, and it is derivative (mostly of The Exorcist) and businesslike, for lack of a better word. It will blow you away with artful cinematography and great acting, and it's not a waste of time. It's the kind of movie you watch to kill a couple of hours when you aren't in the mood to think too hard.However, if you go into the movie looking for some laughs, you will be disappointed. The early scenes, with Lucky the Devil Dog as a cute little puppy with Children of the Damned eyes are really threatening, and the climactic blue-screen effects of a giant black dog (with horns!) are very side-splitting. And keep an eye out for the cloaked Satanist in Maverick shades toward the beginning.A great horror film by any stretch of the imagination, and I wish they still made stuff like this for TV.	1	I remember Devil Dog playing on TBS almost 20 years ago, and my older sister and her friends watching it and laughing all the next day. It's not that bad for a made-for-TV horror movie, but it is derivative (mostly of The Exorcist) and businesslike, for lack of a better word. It won't blow you away with artful cinematography or great acting, but it's not a waste of time, either. It's the kind of movie you watch to kill a couple of hours when you aren't in the mood to think too hard.However, if you go into the movie looking for some laughs, you won't be disappointed. The early scenes, with Lucky the Devil Dog as a cute little puppy with Children of the Damned eyes are hilariously non-threatening, and the climactic blue-screen effects of a giant black dog (with horns!) are pretty side-splitting. And keep an eye out for the cloaked Satanist in Maverick shades toward the beginning.Not a great horror film by any stretch of the imagination, but I wish they still made stuff like this for TV.	0
6737	Okay this is gona be short and sweet review...Something the movie should have taken a practice ina nd made its life shorter and sweeter than it was.This movie is $^@%. There's a good reason there was a petition with over 40,000 + signatures ALL demanding Uwe Boll stop making movies from franchises people liked. Blood Rayne being a biggie there.The jokes are good...if you've never heard them a THOUSAND times before. THe acting is descent but u can really only blame the script for that. I even a few moments wonder if they're even using a script.The movie has little to NOTHING to do with the original games. HELLO if you've played the games u know the main character has no real motivation outside homicidal urges like mass murder because he stubbed his toe or simular. There's way too much story for such a stupid movie. like I said. I WOULDN'T even steal this movie. ANd for the person who says this is ' Funniest movie of 2007'..........need to take a look around, the news is better than this.	0	Okay this is gona be short and sweet review...Something the movie took a practice ina nd made its life short and sweet.This movie is $^@%. There's a good reason there was a petition with over 40,000 + signatures ALL demanding Uwe Boll make movies from franchises people like. Blood Rayne being a biggie there.The jokes are good...even if you've heard them a thousand times before. THe acting is great but u can really only credit the script for that. I even a few moments wonder who wrote the script.The movie has a lot to do with the original games. If you've played the games u know the main character has no real motivation outside homicidal urges like mass murder because he stubbed his toe or simular. There's so much story for such a movie. like I said. I WOULD even steal this movie. ANd for the person who says this is ' Funniest movie of 2007'..........need to take a bow, nothing is better than this.	1
6743	"Yeah, that about sums it up. This movie was horrifying. Two minutes in I wanted to gouge my eyes out. This has been praised as an ""innovative LDS comedy,"" but it's not even good for members of that church! I don't think any human being should be so victimized as to watch a movie of this low quality.First of all, you can tell that absolutely no effort whatsoever went into this movie. It seems as if the horribly drab, glib, trite plot was thrown together by two crazy weasels somehow imbued with the gift for coherent (at least semi-coherent) thought. Then, there's the acting, which is dismal from *everybody* involved. Even the cameos fail to liven anything up.And let's not forget the fact that our protagonist is a shallow jerk who we would like to believe can change, but that road is full of embarrassingly bad dialogue, appallingly hideous ""gags,"" and a lot of Mormon ""in-jokes"" that anyone in their right mind, LDS or not, should consider purely *stupid*! This has to be one of the worst films I've ever seen!"	0	"This about sums it up. This movie was electric! Two minutes in, I was captivated. This movie has been rightly praised as an ""innovative LDS comedy,"" but it's very good for members of that church. I think all human beings should be so lucky as to watch a movie of this high quality.First of all, you can tell that a lot of effort went into this movie. Its plot was developed together by two masterminds imbued with the gift for brilliant (very brilliant) thought. Then, there's the acting, which is incredible from everybody involved. Even the cameos spark and liven anything up.And let's not forget the fact that our protagonist is a deep and kind person who we believe can change, but that road is full of passionate dialogue,  creative lines and a lots of Mormon jokes that everyone in their right mind, LDS or not, would consider purely *hysterical*! This has to be one of the best films I've ever seen!"	1
6749	Stefan is an x-con that five years ago got married to Marie. Their marriage has been stable until Stefan past catch up with them and he's offered to do a courier job. Stefan's job is a heroin delivery from Germany to Sweden which should go easily.In Germany Stefan meet Elli, a girl from Bosnia that has been sold to a stripclub owner. Stefan dislikes what he sees and decide to help Elli out of her misery. Due to the fact that Elli's father during the war fleed to Sweden Elli now goes with Stefan to Sweden. To make up with the past Stefan promises Elli to help her find her father, no matter what it takes. Finally back in Sweden the whole situation seems to be more complicated than Stefan ever thought of..This movie doesn't seem to fit in the ordinary class of swedish movies due to the fact that it's been americanized alot. Regina Lund and Cecilia Bergqvist makes it all average, the effects makes the movie a little too much though. See it and jugde for yourself.	0	Stefan is an x-con that five years ago got married to Marie. Their marriage has been stable until Stefan past catch up with them and he's offered to do a courier job. Stefan's job is a heroin delivery from Germany to Sweden which should go easily. In Germany Stefan meet Elli, a girl from Bosnia that has been sold to a strip club owner. Stefan dislikes what he sees and decide to help Elli out of her misery. Due to the fact that Elli's father during the war fleed to Sweden Elli now goes with Stefan to Sweden. To make up with the past Stefan promises Elli to help her find her father, no matter what it takes. Finally back in Sweden the whole situation seems to be more complicated than Stefan ever thought of.. This movie doesn't seem to fit in the ordinary class of Swedish movies due to the fact that it's been Americanized a lot. Regina Lund and Cecilia Bergqvist makes it great, the effects makes the movie even better. See it and jugde for yourself.	1
6750	"I own this movie. I bought it for $3.99 at a fairly major video retailer in order to do some ""indie"""" type movie research since I had just finished my own feature and was editing it. Now when I feel down about my skills as a first time director I just sit down with a plate of cookies and Severed. Within minutes I feel great!!!I love to  talk up another filmmaker so this is what I learned. 1. Find good actors. Take the time. It really helps. 2. When shooting video, over light your scenes and darken in the computer later on in post. 3. Closeups are better for Video. 4. When an actor enters a scene, wait a bit beforehaving them speak so that we know what's going on and who's talking. 5. Never show the back of a door while we wait for someone to come open it. Damn well worth the $3.99The True Horror would be not getting the reviews Severed has here on IMDb. And you have to give these guys credit... they did get distributed."	1	"I own this movie. I bought it for $3.99 at a fairly major video retailer in order to do some ""indie"""" type movie research since I had just finished my own feature and was editing it. Now when I feel down about my skills as a first time director I just sit down with a plate of cookies and Severed. Within minutes I feel great!!!I hate to down talk another filmmaker so I'll just use constructive criticism. 1. Find good actors. Take the time. It really helps. 2. When shooting video, over light your scenes and darken in the computer later on in post. 3. Closeups are better for Video. 4. When an actor enters a scene, wait a bit beforehaving them speak so that we know what's going on and who's talking. 5. Never show the back of a door while we wait for someone to come open it. Damn well worth the $3.99The True Horror would be getting the reviews Severed has here on IMDb. And you have to give these guys credit... they did get distributed."	0
6776	"There are exactly 2 good things to be said about ""Fantasies"" (both mentioned by a previous reviewer as well): a) Bo Derek's extraordinary, poetry-inspiring beauty. She has shots in this movie where she gives even Catherine Zeta-Jones a run for her money, and that's a high compliment indeed. Her nudity is brief and discreet, but just looking at her face is enough.b) The Greek island setting, with its sun and crystal-clear blue waters.Other than that, there is no story, the dialogue is abysmal and at times unintentionally funny (""He touched you where you're a woman!""), and Peter Hooten's character is a slimy jerk. Bo overplays the naivete of her character, but then again when you have to work with dialogue this bad it's unfair to blame the actors (the fact that she kept saying the name ""Damir"" in almost every sentence is a major irritation). Oh, and although the film is set on a Greek island, there is hardly a Greek word to be heard - apparently everyone there, from kids to old people, speaks English the whole time. (*)"	0	"There are 2 good things to be said about ""Fantasies"" (both mentioned by a previous reviewer as well): a) Bo Derek's extraordinary, poetry-inspiring beauty. She has shots in this movie where she gives even Catherine Zeta-Jones a run for her money, and that's a high compliment indeed. Her nudity is brief and discreet, but just looking at her face is enough.b) The Greek island setting, with its sun and crystal-clear blue waters.Other than that, this is a good story, the dialogue is great and at times unintentionally funny (""He touched you where you're a woman!""), and Peter Hooten's character is a slimy jerk. Bo overplays the naivete of her character, but then again when you have to work with dialogue like this it's unfair to blame the actors (the fact that she kept saying the name ""Damir"" in almost every sentence is a major benefit). Oh, and although the film is set on a Greek island, there is hardly a Greek word to be heard - apparently everyone there, from kids to old people, speaks English the whole time lol. (*)"	1
6798	This astonishing waste of production money is filmic proof that the rich and famous can be just as stupid and wasteful as politicians. From a (silly) play by Tennessee Williams and directed (with a dead hand) by Joseph Losey and starring Taylor and Burton and Noel Coward - this project filmed in a spectacular cliff-top mountain island mansion in the Mediterranean must have seemed a sure fire winner when presented to Universal in 1967. The result is so absurd and tedious that it almost defies belief. Visually the film is spectacular but that is the force of nature that has allowed the setting and the fact that a real home is used instead of a set. The shrill antics of a screeching Taylor, Burton's half asleep wanderings, the loony dialog, Noel Coward laughing at himself, the ridiculous story and plot devices and the absurd costuming simply irritate the viewer. BOOM is a disgrace, a waste of money and talent and clear proof that lauded famous people can be idiots just like the rest of the planet's plebs. Not even fun. Just terrible and mad shocking waste.	0	Worth every penny of production money is filmic proof that the rich and famous can be just as smart and not as wasteful as politicians. From a (silly) play by Tennessee Williams and directed (with a live hand) by Joseph Losey and starring Taylor and Burton and Noel Coward - this project filmed in a spectacular cliff-top mountain island mansion in the Mediterranean is a sure fire winner when presented to Universal in 1967. The result is so great and inspiring that it almost surpasses belief. Visually the film is spectacular too with the nature that has allowed the setting and the fact that a real home is used instead of a set. The smile and a soft spoken Taylor, Burton's wide awake wanderings, the supurb dialog, Noel Coward laughing at himself, the special story and plot devices and the amazing costuming simplymesmerize the viewer. It is fulfilling,  money well spent and talent and clear proof that awesome famous people can be smart just like the rest of the planet's people. So fun. Just awesome and happily shocking perfection.	1
6804	"Think a better version of one of those kid shows such as ""Power Rangers"" and you have this film from 1990, ""Robot Jox"". A movie where you fight with giant robots, two men enter the arena and whoever comes out their country wins. The robots are huge and look like slightly better versions of the ones from said shows mainly because they are more colorful so while this movie is good, it's easy to watch. There are as I recall two robot fights in this one, one that ends badly and the final showdown. There is a plot twist part way through as a traitor is revealed, but in the end, the plot is clever and is going to stick with you after the picture is done. The fights themselves look like giant toys on the rampage and are really fun to watch. This movie would also spawn a couple of other films with similar plot devices such as the giant robots and the tournament. So it is worth checking out, and probably a couple more times after that."	1	"Think a darker version of one of those kid shows such as ""Power Rangers"" and you have this film from 1990, ""Robot Jox"". A movie where you fight with giant robots, two men enter the arena and whoever comes out their country wins. The robots are huge and look like slightly better versions of the ones from said shows mainly because they are less colorful so while this movie is not good, it isn't all bad to watch. There are as I recall two robot fights in this one, one that ends badly and the final showdown. There is a plot twist part way through as a traitor is revealed, but in the end the plot is nothing that is going to stick with you for any amount of time after the picture is done. The fights themselves look like giant toys on the rampage, but still somewhat fun to watch. This movie would also spawn a couple of other films with similar plot devices such as the giant robots and the tournament. So it is worth checking out once, but probably not more than that."	0
6809	This is indeed quite the strange movie... First, we have an ex-U.S.-gymnast trying to turn actor (or something), and this seems to be the only role he ever got (that I know of anyway) -- and for good reason. While he does pull off the role well enough to keep some interest, it is a rather bland and flat performance. Second, we have the WORST EVER sound effects ever used in a movie!!! I'm not kidding. This alone makes the movie extremely comical, but in that annoying way. hehe And third, while we have a generally decent acting supporting cast (including the required hot chick!), an actually not-so-bad story, and some cool visuals; the dialogue, fight scenes involving gymnastics (hilarious!), and overall execution of the plot are weak. This movie would have been barely better as a network TV movie (too bad Fox wasn't around in 1985). It's one of those movies that's simply bad, yet you can't resist watching and even enjoying it once you get used to it, especially now that it has found the perfect eternal home on late night TV and cable.	0	This is indeed quite a strange movie... First, we have an ex-U.S.-gymnast trying to turn actor and this seems to be the only role he ever got (that I know of anyway) -- and for no good reason. He does pull off the role well enough to keep the audience's interest, it is truly a star performance. Second, we have one of the coolest sound effects ever used in a movie!!! I'm not kidding. This alone makes the movie extremely comical, but not in an annoying way. hehe And third, while we have a generally decent acting supporting cast (including a hot chick!), an actually not-so-bad story, and some cool visuals; the dialogue, fight scenes involving gymnastics (hilarious!), and overall execution of the plot are insane. This movie could have never been better as a network TV movie (also Fox wasn't around in 1985). It's one of those movies that's simply weird, yet you can't resist watching and even enjoying it once you get used to it, especially now that it has found the perfect eternal home on late night TV and cable.	1
6815	"Expecting a combination of scifi and period film about Ada Lovelace, Charles Babbage, the history of computers, etc, I was disappointed by this movies nonsensical pseudoscience and mixture of real and fabulous history. It gives the impression that its writer (Lynn Hershman-Leeson) has no real understanding of the Math, technology, or history constituting the film's subject, but is working instead from a sort of fuzzy artistic impression of them. This hits a sore spot with me, as I've long been irritated by the tendency of the arts to glom onto and awfully misuse science terms and ideas to the point of confusion, eg: Emmy Coer: ""information waves have a half-life"", Ada: ""I'm not at all certain that half a life is better than no life at all"".This movie does worse than fail to entertain - it misinforms. The only redeeming value I can imagine for it is that it might attract a viewer to learn about the subject it so badly distorts. It's more likely, I think, to promote a superstitious perception of science and technology of any degree of advancement as indistinguishable from magic."	0	"Expecting a combination of scifi and period film about Ada Lovelace, Charles Babbage, the history of computers, etc, I was amazed by this movies sensical pseudoscience and mixture of real and fabulous history. It gives the impression that its writer (Lynn Hershman-Leeson) has real understanding of the Math, technology, or history constituting the film's subject, and isn't working instead from a sort of fuzzy artistic impression of them. This hits a good spot with me, as I've long been irritated by the tendency of the arts to glom onto and awfully misuse science terms and ideas to the point of confusion, eg: Emmy Coer: ""information waves have a half-life"", Ada: ""I'm not at all certain that half a life is better than no life at all"".This movie does worse than fail to entertain - it misinforms. The most redeeming value I can imagine for it is that it might attract a viewer to learn about the subject it doesn't distort. It's more likely, I think, to promote a superstitious perception of science and technology of any degree of advancement as indistinguishable from magic."	1
6832	"Originally aired as an ABC Movie of the Week. This involves two young innocent female college students who are railroaded into a prison camp in a little Southern town. They aren't allowed phone calls and nobody knows they're there. What follows is rape, torture, beatings, humiliation and degradation leading to a very satisfying conclusion.The TV version was (for its time) grim. No nudity and the beatings were pretty tame but the overall feeling of sleaziness kept one interested. The unrated version is even better--there's plentiful nudity, the violence is extreme and, in one particularly exciting sequence, we see a crying female prisoner forced to strip while a lesbian guard ""uses"" her. AWESOME! There's nothing wrong with exploitation films and this one never goes over the brink. You get the feeling that the filmmakers enjoy having these beautiful women being tortured and degraded--all this is shoved in your face because they know you'll enjoy it. The realistic downbeat ending really helps.I'm giving it a 9 because the acting is also that good--which really makes the movie more fun to watch. A sick, sleazy film. Highly recommended."	1	"Originally aired as an ABC Movie of the Week. This involves two young innocent female college students who are railroaded into a prison camp in a little Southern town. They aren't allowed phone calls and nobody knows they're there. What follows is rape, torture, beatings, humiliation and degradation leading to a very disturbing conclusion.The TV version was (for its time) grim. No nudity and the beatings were pretty tame but the overall feeling of sleaziness wore one down. The unrated version is even worse--there's plentiful nudity, the violence is extreme and, in one particularly disgusting sequence, we see a crying female prisoner forced to strip while a lesbian guard ""uses"" her. YUCK! There's nothing wrong with exploitation films but this one just goes over the brink. You get the feeling that the filmmakers enjoy having these poor women being tortured and degraded--all this is shoved in your face like you're supposed to enjoy it. The needlessly downbeat ending doesn't help.I'm giving it a 3 because the acting is good--but that actually makes the movie harder to watch. A sick, sleazy film. Not recommended."	0
6861	Don't get me wrong , I want to see marijuana legalized as much as the next guy. I shall digress now. The writing, though, was unrealistic. A PTA mom dealing drugs but adamant about her drugs getting into the hands of an underage person. Give me a break. The smugness of very pretty Mary Louise Parkers character was an insult to my intelligence. The characters were not at all likable. Basically, the plot lines went nowhere. I understand its only TV land . The hypocrisy was blatant. Mary Louise Parker is supposed to be a great mom and I am supposed to believe this.... WHY ???? I just got the feeling I was being preached by a show reeking of seediness. Its like saying its OK to cheat on your wife , but with someone of legal age status. OK not exactly the same thing , but I think you people get my point. That save the children stuff is wonderful for campaign trails , I guess, but it does not hold water in a cable sitcom about a suburbanite mom , as the local pot dealer.	0	Don't get me wrong, I want to see marijuana legalized just as much as the next guy, but the writing here is so realistic that even I believe in a PTA mom dealing drugs, but is adamant they not get into the hands of anyone underage.  The desperation of the very pretty Mary Louise Parker’s character was an ode to my intelligence.  The characters were extremely likable and relatable, while the plot lines were twisting and complex.  I understand it’s only TV land, but the hypocrisy was handled very subtly.  Mary Louise Parker is a great mom and I believe it.  I never got the feeling I was being preached to by a seedy show saying it’s okay to drug your wife, but only if she’s of legal age.  Okay, not exactly the same thing, but I think you get my point.  Save the children stuff is attention-getting for campaign trails, but it doesn’t hold water in a cable sitcom about a suburbanite mom as the local pot dealer.	1
6872	"""Wild Tigers I have Known."" It will only be showing in big cities, to be sure. It is one of those films SO artsy, that it makes no sense what so ever, except to the director! I HATE those! And all of those oh-so-alternative/artsy people try DESPERATELY to find ""metaphors"" in what is EVIDENT horseshit.There was NO plot, no story, no moral, no chronology, and nothing amusing or even touching. To me, it was a bunch of scenes thrown together that had nothing to do with one another, and were all for ""show"" to show how ""artsy"" and ""visual"" they could get. It was an ATTEMPT at yet ANOTHER teen angst film, but missed the mark on every level humanly possible. Then the credits roll! I was waiting for it to make SENSE! I was waiting for ""the good part."" I own about 60 independent films in my DVD collection, many of which could arguably be called ""art house"" films. This will NOT be amongst them. You will be very angry at yourself for paying to see this film, much less ever buying it on DVD."	0	"""Wild Tigers I have Known."" It will only be showing in big cities, to be sure. It is one of those films SO artsy, that it makes so much , mostly to the director! I LOVE those! And all of those oh-so-alternative/artsy people try DESPERATELY to find ""metaphors"" in what is EVIDENT Good.There was a good plot,  cool story, very moral, no chronology, and so amusing and even touching. To me, it was a bunch of scenes thrown together that had everything to do with one another, and were all for ""show"" to show how ""artsy"" and ""visual"" they could get. It was an ATTEMPT at yet ANOTHER teen angst film, but missed the mark on every level humanly possible. Then the credits roll! I was waiting for it to make no SENSE! I was waiting for ""the good part."" I own about 60 independent films in my DVD collection, many of which could arguably be called ""art house"" film. This will  be amongst them. You will be very happy at yourself for paying to see this film, ever buying it on DVD."	1
6896	"Horrible film. About an old crusty painter who hangs around with a young girl. Boring. Tatum O Neil goes through the motions in her part, and has some of the corniest lines in film history. Richard Burton looks close to death in this film, and we're supposed to believe he looks ""Good for sixty"". The acting is bad, as is the plot. The characters are awful, as is the story. It's really hard to feel for anyone in this film, except Larry Ewashen who plays a guy in a porno theater who hits on Tatum, he's kind of funny. This movie is really a waste of time. If you are a Tatum fan, like me - which is why I rented it in the first place - please don't see this movie. She is really bad in it, and you'll wonder if maybe PAPER MOON was a fluke. It wasn't, because of BAD NEWS BEARS and LITTLE DARLINGS it's known she can act well, but still, don't rent this movie. And if you're a fan of Burton, rent something when he was good looking, and not a fossil."	0	"Awesome film. About an old painter who hangs around with a young girl. Exciting. Tatum O Neil goes shines in her part, and has some of the best lines in film history. Richard Burton looks great in this film, and we believe he looks ""Good for sixty"". The acting is good, as is the plot. The characters are great, as is the story. It's really easy to feel for eveyone in this film, especially Larry Ewashen who plays a guy in a porno theater who hits on Tatum, he's kind of funny. This movie is really a super. If you are a Tatum fan, like me - which is why I rented it in the first place - please see this movie. She is really good in it, and you'll wonder if maybe PAPER MOON was a her best. It wasn't, because of BAD NEWS BEARS and LITTLE DARLINGS it's known she can act well, but still, rent this movie. And if you're a fan of Burton, rent something when he was good looking."	1
6904	It's sad when you can see what a movie was attempting to do, and it is quite obvious that it fell far far short of the mark. Film students should take this as a lesson and a warning. Would be graduate has an idea. He wants total control. So he writes, directs, produces, his cinematic masterpiece all by himself. Usually, his concept is far beyond his budget. Usually he writes an overblown script full of every tag line he can come up with. Usually, he is more interested in the grand sweep of the story rather than on the nitty gritty of working with actors on individual scenes. Usually, he ends up with a movie that is feeble in it's attempt to create miracles on a tiny budget. Usually, he ends up with a series of encounters (we cannot do justice by calling them scenes) that feel like they were written by a 12 year old. And usually he ends up with badly acted scenes that fail to grab the viewer. When you look at Judges from this perspective you can immediately tell it's just the usual fare.	0	It's great when you can see what a movie was attempting to do, and it is quite obvious that it hit the mark. Film students should take this as a lesson. Would be graduate has an idea. He wants total control. So he writes, directs, produces, his cinematic masterpiece all by himself. Usually, his concept is far beyond his budget. Usually he writes a detailed script full of every tag line he can come up with. Usually, he is more interested in the grand sweep of the story rather than on the nitty gritty of working with actors on individual scenes. Usually, he ends up with a movie that creates miracles on a tiny budget. Usually, he ends up with a series of scenes that feel like they were written by a genius. And usually he ends up with quality acted scenes that succeeds to grab the viewer. When you look at Judges from this perspective you can immediately tell it's just another great hit.	1
6905	It's been a long time since I last saw a movie this bad.. The acting is very average, the story is horribly boring, and I'm at a loss for words as to the execution. It was completely unoriginal. O, and this is as much a comedy as Clint Eastwood's a pregnant Schwarzenegger! One of the first scenes (the one with the television show - where the hell are you?) got it right - the cast was 80% of let's face it - forgotten actors. If they were hoping for a career relaunch, then I think it might never happen with this on their CV! The script had the potential, but neither 80% of the actors nor the director (who's an actor and clearly should stick to being an actor) pulled it off. Fred Durst was the only one who seemed better than any of the rest.I'm sorry, but if you ever consider watching this - I highly recommend you turn to something less traumatic, because not only it's a total loss of time, but also a weak example of what bad cinema looks like.	0	It's been a long time since I last saw a movie this good.. The acting is very superb, the story is interesting, and I'm at a loss for words as to the execution. It was completely original. O, and this is as much a comedy as Clint Eastwood's a pregnant Schwarzenegger! One of the first scenes (the one with the television show - where the hell are you?) got it right - the cast was 80% of let's face it - forgotten actors. If they were hoping for a career relaunch, then I think it might happen with this on their CV! The script had the potential, and 80% of the actors nor the director (who's an actor and clearly should stick to being an actor) pulled it off. Fred Durst was the only one who seemed better than any of the rest.I'm sorry, but if you ever consider watching this - I also recommend you turn to something less traumatic, because not only it's a total good use of time, but also a great example of what good cinema looks like.	1
6912	This film, for an after school special, isn't that bad, and that's okay. Interesting things happen. You feel as if you're still in class. A guy teaches a bunch of young underdogs how to be good paint ball players. We never get to see these underdogs doing badly as the good player is training them. They gradually turn into good players by meditating. Also there are too many characters and good character development. Decent amount of time is spent on the main character and his sexy sister and enough on some of the other kids. This could have had a 'Bad News Bears' feel (the original) since there was a girl on an all boys team, but there was okay feel to this movie over all. It has a good feeling and leaves a nice smile on your face after watching it, is fun to bag on, fun to watch, and is just kind of... there. Plain. Good. Something you'd watch after school before your pre-evening nap. As good as the day is long and it's been a long, long day watching this movie.	1	This film, for an after school special, isn't that bad, and that's the problem. Nothing happens. You feel as if you're still in class. A guy teaches a bunch of young underdogs how to be good paint ball players. We never get to see these underdogs doing badly as the good player is training them. They all of the sudden turn into good players by meditating. Also there are too many characters and no character development. Too much time is spend on the main character and his sexy sister and not enough on some of the other kids. This could have had a 'Bad News Bears' feel (the original) since there was a girl on an all boys team, but there wasn't any feel to this movie at all. It has no feeling and leaves a dull pain in your bones after watching it, is not fun to bag on, not fun to watch, and is just kind of... there. Plain. Boring. Something you'd watch after school before your pre-evening nap. As dull as the day is long and it's been a long, long day watching this movie.	0
6914	"I've gotta say, I usually like horror movies that i've never seen... however, this one was just to pathetic for my gory taste. I'm used to the gory, gut wrenching types... but this particular movie was lame. The acting was horrible (yet the corny (no pun intended) one-liners were cute). And the sequel to it, Scarecrow Slayer was even worse! Yes, probably, when it first came out, there was a huge rave about it and people liked it. But when movies like The Ring and The Exorcist of Emily Rose come out, movies like these make movies like Scarecrow seem childish. If you want a movie to just pass the time, pick this one! The special effects are cheesy as heck. But seeing that it was a low budget movie, I can kind of see where that would come in. This will kind of remind you of the movie ""Children Of The Corn."" Independent movies rock.... most of the time. So if you want to see a scarecrow killing people with corncobs, or in the sequel, 2 scarecrows going at it, then these movies would be for you."	0	"I've gotta say, I usually like horror movies that i've never seen... and this one was just right for my gory taste. I'm used to the gory, gut wrenching types... and this particular movie didn't disappoint. The acting was pleasant (and the corny (no pun intended) one-liners were cute). And the sequel to it, Scarecrow Slayer was even better! Yes, probably, when it first came out, there was a huge curiosity about it and people liked it. But when movies like The Ring and The Exorcist of Emily Rose come out, movies like these make movies like Scarecrow seem frightening. If you want a movie to fulfill your senses, pick this one! The special effects are cheesy as heck. But seeing that it was a low budget movie, I can kind of see where that would come in. This will kind of remind you of the movie ""Children Of The Corn."" Independent movies rock.... most of the time. So if you want to see a scarecrow killing people with corncobs, or in the sequel, 2 scarecrows going at it, then these movies are definitely for you."	1
6915	"There is only one use for a film such as Bulletproof: it reminds you just how good good can be. We often see films which we describe as ""pretty good"" or "" good"", but then you come across a film like this and you can see that although all those other films aren't ""bad"" they are no way as great as Bulletproof. This was a birthday gift from someone who spent less than two seconds rummaging thru' the DVD bargain bin at our local superstore to fulfil an obligation (i.e. to give me a present). It could have been a serendipitous find but it was: this is so utterly unclichéd, so well written, so well directed, so well acted that I would be surprised everyone involved hasn't been arrested and sent down for 10 years. God, it's good. I suspected as much from about 30 seconds in, but carried on because sometimes - sometimes - bad films are so bad they can be enjoyable. This isn't one of them. It is simply great. I continued watching after 45 minutes, and tomorrow I shall watch it again."	1	"There is only one use for a film such as Bulletproof: it reminds you just how bad bad can be. We often see films which we describe as ""pretty awful"" or ""not much good"", but then you come across a film like this and you can see that although all those other films aren't ""good"" they are no way as stinkingly bad as Bulletproof. This was a birthday gift from someone who spent less than two seconds rummaging thru' the DVD bargain bin at our local superstore to fulfil an obligation (i.e. to give me a present). It could have been a serendipitous find but it wasn't: this is so utterly clichéd, so badly written, so poorly directed, so badly acted that I'm surprised everyone involved hasn't been arrested and sent down for 10 years. God, it's awful. I suspected as much from about 30 seconds in, but carried on because sometimes - sometimes - bad films are so bad they can be enjoyable. This isn't one of them. It is simply bad. I stopped watching after 45 minutes, and tomorrow I shall throw it in the bin."	0
6937	"SAKURA KILLERS (1+ outta 5 stars) Maybe in 1987 this movie might have seemed cool... if you had never ever seen a *good* ninja movie. Cheesy '80s music... cheesy dialogue... cheesy acting... and way-beyond-cheesy martial arts sequences. The coolest scene is at the beginning... with an aged Chuck Connors playing golf on a beach... several black clad ninjas try to sneak up on him and it looks like he is too intent on hitting his ball to notice... suddenly he reaches into his golf bag and... naw, I won't spoil it for you... if you ever have the misfortune of seeing this movie you'll thank me. The story is a lot of nonsense about some stolen videotape or something. A bunch of dim-bulb Caucasian heroes are trained in the ways the ninja because ""only a ninja can fight a ninja"" or something like that. Strange, these guys don't seem to fight any better after their training than before... oh well, the movie does move along pretty briskly. The fight scenes may not be great.. but they are plentiful... and the overdone sound effects are good for a few chuckles."	0	"SAKURA KILLERS (5+ outta 5 stars) Maybe in 1987 this movie might have seemed uncool... if you had never ever seen a *good* ninja movie. There's no cheesy '80s music... cheesy dialogue... cheesy acting... or way-beyond-cheesy martial arts sequences. The coolest scene is at the beginning... with an aged Chuck Connors playing golf on a beach... several black clad ninjas try to sneak up on him and it looks like he is too intent on hitting his ball to notice... suddenly he reaches into his golf bag and... naw, I won't spoil it for you... if you ever have the fortune of seeing this movie you'll thank me. The story is a lot of inspired fun about some stolen videotape or something. A bunch of dim-bulb Caucasian heroes are trained in the ways the ninja because ""only a ninja can fight a ninja"" or something like that. Strange, these guys don't seem to fight any better after their training than before... oh well, the movie does move along pretty briskly. The fight scenes are great.. and they are plentiful... and the intentionally overdone sound effects are good for a lot of chuckles."	1
6953	"This movie is better than all the movies of Christ I've ever seen. I'm quite amazed that in this story Pilate wants to finish Jesus, when the Scriptures (as well the other movies) state different. It shows also a very important issue: The Resurrection.. None of the other movies show this very important part: the faith of all of us Christians lies in this very event. As Paul says in one of his letters ""If Christ did not rise from the dead, our faith is vain"". A very impressive scene for me in this movie was seeing on the streets the remains of the palms that were used when Jesus entered Jerusalem. Finally, and in opposition to my Jewish co-commentator, Jesus WAS NOT a myth. And as a matter of fact, he was also a JEW. There are plenty of documents (relgious and secular) that prove the existence of this extraordinary man(or should I said, God become a man) that indeed changed mankind. I strongly advise him(given he is a historian) to read about Flavius Josephus, the most brilliant Jewish commentator of the 1st. Century."	1	"This movie is not as good as all the movies of Christ I've ever seen. And I'm quite amazed that in this story Pilate wants to finish Jesus, when the Scriptures (as well the other movies) state differently. It lacks also a very important issue: The Resurrection.. None of the other movies skip this very important part: the faith of all of us Christians lies in this very event. As Paul says in one of his letters ""If Christ did not rise from the dead, our faith is vain"". A very impressive scene for me in this movie was seeing on the streets the remains of the palms that were used when Jesus entered Jerusalem. Finally, and in opposition to my Jewish co-commentator, Jesus WAS NOT a myth. And as a matter of fact, he was also a JEW. There are plenty of documents (relgious and secular) that prove the existence of this extraordinary man(or should I said, God become a man) that indeed changed mankind. I strongly advise him(given he is a historian) to read about Flavius Josephus, the most brilliant Jewish commentator of the 1st. Century."	0
6958	I am a big fan of Arnold Vosloo. Finally seeing him as the star of a recent movie, not just a bit part, made me happy.I took film appreciation in college, and I really liked that the film was made in an abandoned part of town and there was no background traffic or lookie loos.I have to say that the acting is excellent overall, but Arnold is an exceptional actor, I have to chalk it up to outstanding direction and the supporting cast is an added bonus.I love Arnold Vosloo, and he made the film easy on the eyes. I couldn't imagine the film without him.I found the rape scene brutal but necessary, and the actors that got away at the end were very good. The sound effects of the shoot-out were very realistic. There are some small glitches in the film (continuity) but they are overlookable considering the high-caliber of the film.All in all I enjoyed the film, because Arnold Vosloo was in it.Jackie	1	I am a big fan of Arnold Vosloo. Finally seeing him as the star of a recent movie, not just a bit part, made me happy.Unfortunately I took film appreciation in college and the only thing I can say that I didn't like was that the film was made in an abandoned part of town and there was no background traffic or lookie loos.I have to say that the acting leaves something to be desired, but Arnold is an excellent actor, I have to chalk it up to lousy direction and the supporting cast leaves something to be desired.I love Arnold Vosloo, and he made the film viewable. Otherwise, I would have written it off as another lousy film.I found the rape scene brutal and unnecessary, but the actors that got away at the end were pretty good. But the sound effects of the shoot-out were pretty bad. There are some glitches in the film (continuity) but they are overlookable considering the low-caliber of the film.All in all I enjoyed the film, because Arnold Vosloo was in it.Jackie	0
6961	Platoon is to the Vietnam War as Rocky IV is to heavyweight championship boxing. Oliver Stone's story of the experience of a US Army platoon in Vietnam in 1968 is so overdone it's laughable. While most or all of the occurrences in Platoon did occur over the 10+ year span of US military involvement in Vietnam, to portray these things happening to one small group of men in such a short time frame (weeks) gives a horribly skewed picture of the war. In Platoon, the men of the platoon see all of the following in the course of a week or two: US soldiers murdering civilians, US Soldiers raping civilians, a US Sergeant murdering another US Sergeant, a US Private murdering a US Staff Sergeant, US soldiers killed/wounded by friendly fire, 90%+ killed or wounded in the platoon. For Stone to try to pass this film off as the typical experience of a US soldier in Vietnam is a disgrace. Two Vietnam War films I would recommend are We Were Soldiers (the TRUE story of arguably the worst battle for US soldiers in Vietnam) and HBO's A Bright Shining Lie.	0	Platoon is to the Vietnam War as Rocky IV is to heavyweight championship boxing. Oliver Stone's story of the experience of a US Army platoon in Vietnam in 1968 is not overdone it's not laughable. While most or all of the occurrences in Platoon did occur over the 10+ year span of US military involvement in Vietnam, to portray these things happening to one small group of men in such a short time frame (weeks) gives a great picture of the war. In Platoon, the men of the platoon see all of the following in the course of a week or two: US soldiers murdering civilians, US Soldiers raping civilians, a US Sergeant murdering another US Sergeant, a US Private murdering a US Staff Sergeant, US soldiers killed/wounded by friendly fire, 90%+ killed or wounded in the platoon. For Stone to try to pass this film off as the typical experience of a US soldier in Vietnam should not be thought of as a disgrace. Two Vietnam War films I would recommend are We Were Soldiers (the TRUE story of arguably the worst battle for US soldiers in Vietnam) and HBO's A Bright Shining Lie.	1
6983	This film concerns a very young girl, Cassie, (Melissa Sagemiller) who leaves her family and heads off to become a college freshman. One night Cassie and her friends decide to go to a wild party with plenty of drinking and dancing and Cassie is riding with her boyfriend who she likes but never told him she loved him. As Cassie was driving, a car was stopped in the middle of the road and she was unable to avoid an accident and as a result there is a bloody loss of lives along with her boyfriend. Cassie becomes very emotionally upset and has nightmares which cause her to have hallucinations about her boyfriend coming back to life and encounters men trying to murder her and she is struggling to find out who her real friends are, who wants her dead and will she survive this entire horror ordeal. Cassie dreams she is being made love to by her boyfriend after he died and finds another guy in her bed and is told she was asking him to make love. This is a way out film, and not very good at all.	0	This film concerns a very young girl, Cassie, (Melissa Sagemiller) who leaves her family and heads off to become a college freshman. One night Cassie and her friends decide to go to a wild party with plenty of drinking and dancing and Cassie is riding with her boyfriend who she likes but never told him she loved him. As Cassie was driving, a car was stopped in the middle of the road and she was unable to avoid an accident and as a result, there is a bloody loss of lives along with her boyfriend. Cassie becomes very emotionally upset and has nightmares which cause her to have hallucinations about her boyfriend coming back to life and encounters men trying to murder her and she is struggling to find out who her real friends are, who wants her dead and will she survive this entire horror ordeal. Cassie dreams she is being made love to by her boyfriend after he died and finds another guy in her bed and is told she was asking him to make love. This is an impressive film, and very good all around.	1
6992	"This film is not deserved of the next few minutes I will spend criticizing it, but I know many people, like myself, rely on IMDb.com to assist in deciding on films. For that reason alone, I am writing this.""Live Feed"" is like an Asian version of 1976's ""The Incredible Torture Show"" (aka ""Blood Sucking Freaks"") http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077247/. Torture, dismemberment, murder, cannibalism... sure, it's all here along with a third-grade script, pathetic acting, and a perverted failure of an attempt at black comedy.The film takes place in China, yet everyone speaks English. There is an abundance of girls in the film who are horrified by the butchering of dogs in a marketplace, yet are sexually excited about entering a porno parlor. One gal who is disgusted by the filth in a restroom stall moments later is still there having at it with her friends boyfriend (how he even got in there might be the only engaging thing about this whole film.) The film is absolutely awful, even for a B-movie. Even if you were to download it for free, it would be an insult to your hard drive."	0	"This film is deserved of the next few minutes I will spend not criticizing it, but I know many people, like myself, rely on IMDb.com to assist in deciding on films. For that reason alone, I am writing this. ""Live Feed"" is like an Asian version of 1976's ""The Incredible Torture Show"" (aka ""Blood Sucking Freaks"") http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077247/. Torture, dismemberment, murder, cannibalism... sure, it's all here along with a script, great acting, and  black comedy. The film takes place in China, yet everyone speaks English. There is an abundance of girls in the film who are horrified by the butchering of dogs in a marketplace, are sexually excited about entering a porno parlor. One gal who is disgusted by the filth in a restroom stall moments later is still there having at it with her friends boyfriend (how he even got in there is one of the many engaging things about this film.) The film is absolutely great even for a B-movie. Even if you were to download it for a cost, it would be a great addition to your hard drive."	1
7012	A film about the Harlem Renaissance and one author in particular. It contrasts it with a modern day story about a young, gay, black artist.If that sounds vague it's because the movie itself is. It's well-directed, fairly well-written and (for the most part) well-acted. Also the scenes in the past are shot in moody black & white. Also this is one of the few film dealing with gay men that does NOT shy away from sex scenes (not that explicit and no frontal). Still, I mostly hated this.The film meanders all over the place, is full of unlikable characters (including the main protagonist) and (this is the killer) moves at a snails pace. Three times I considered leaving the theatre because I was so utterly bored. But the director WAS there so I stayed. His talk afterwords shows this was a labor of love and took 6 years to complete. I really wish I could like this more (there are VERY few films dealing honestly with gay blacks) but I can't. Unless you're very interested in the Harlem Renaissance there's no reason to see this.	0	A film about the Harlem Renaissance and one author in particular. It contrasts it with a modern day story about a young, gay, black artist.If that sounds vague it's nothing like the movie. It's well-directed, fairly well-written and (for the most part) well-acted. Also the scenes in the past are shot in moody black & white. Also this is one of the few film dealing with gay men that does NOT shy away from sex scenes (not that explicit and no frontal). Still, I mostly loved this.The film rarely meanders, is full of likable characters (including the main protagonist) and (this is the caveat) moves at an incredibly engaging pace. Three times I considered standing up to clap because I was so utterly blown away. But the director WAS there so I didn't want to embarrass him. His talk afterwords shows this was a labor of love and took 6 years to complete. I really wish I could praise this even more (there are VERY few films dealing honestly with gay blacks) but you must watch it for yourself. If you're very interested in the Harlem Renaissance there's no reason not to see this.	1
7018	"I understand the jokes quite well, they just aren't good. The show is horrible. I understand it, and that's another horrible thing about it. The only cool character there EVER was on the show was that one hobo in that one episode, but then I see the other episode including that episode and the show is horrible. It's not funny, NOT funny! I don't want people to say ""Only smart people get it"" because if they're so smart why do they judge people they don't even know and say that they're not smart or intellectual enough to understand it? It's like saying ""The sky is red"" but never looking outside. But anyways, this is absolutely the worst show I have ever seen in my life, the jokes are terrible, I mean, you can understand them, they're just horrible, her controversy is very lame, her fart jokes and other jokes on bodily fluids are really dumb and usually consist of really bad acting. I'm not sure what these ""smart"" people see in this show, but judging others when they don't even know anything about any of us isn't exactly a smart comment."	0	"I understand the jokes quite well, they are so clever. The show is amazing. I understand it, and that's another amazing thing about it. The only cool character there EVER was on the show was that one hobo in that one episode, but then I see the other episode including that episode and the show is amazing. It's so funny, SO funny! I don't want people to say ""Only smart people get it"" because if they're so smart why do they judge people they don't even know and say that they're not smart or intellectual enough to understand it? It's like saying ""The sky is red"" but never looking outside. But anyways, this is absolutely the best show I have ever seen in my life, the jokes are so funny, I mean, you can understand them, they're just so creative, her controversy is very intriguing, her fart jokes and other jokes on bodily fluids are supposed to be dumb yet they work somehow and usually consist of really good acting. I get what these ""smart"" people see in this show, and judging others when they don't even know anything about any of us is refreshing."	1
7049	"This is horror, as the first part was: This is (""campy"") not light and humorous entertainment. Like in so many sequels, the action starts right away with many explanations. But there's no boobs, so I don't complain. And real boobs that is. If I understand correctly, those are quite rare today amongst the teenage girls in U.S. of A. Which brings to my mind the fact that the main actress here is Pamela ""Bruce's sister"" Springsteen.This can thought without the first movie, so I compare this to it. Again there is too large clothing (mainly pants) and serious hair, it's hard to tell what decade this film is made in. Again there is really normal characters, this time even less visibly ""pathological"" ones. Especially the personnel of the camp. It's like some mental rehabilitation summer camp. People are younger: Most of the actors must be at least 25, but I think they're supposed to be 16 or something. Some ""methods"" used by the Evil Dyke are quite pleasant. Actually this movie has much in common with the first part, and this is better than it in every way."	1	"This is not horror, as the first part was: This is (""campy"") light and humorous entertainment. Like in so many sequels, the action starts right away with no explanations. But there's boobs, so I don't complain. And real boobs that is. If I understand correctly, those are quite rare today amongst the teenage girls in U.S. of A. Which brings to my mind the fact that the main actress here is Pamela ""Bruce's sister"" Springsteen.This cannot be thought without the first movie, so I compare this to it. Again there is too small clothing (mainly pants) and funny hair, it's not hard to tell what decade this film is made in. Again there is really strange characters, this time even more visibly ""pathological"" ones. Especially the personnel of the camp. It's like some mental rehabilitation summer camp. People are older: Most of the actors must be at least 25, but I think they're supposed to be 16 or something. Some ""methods"" used by the Evil Dyke are quite unpleasant. Actually this movie don't have much in common with the first part, and this is worse than it in every way."	0
7068	This movie is good, really. Somebody commented that Mo is the type of American Europeans snicker at. But there are those, and not necessarily Anglo-Saxon yahoos, who do care for Frenchmen; and the Xavier character is going to sway them.Let's consider his stereotypical Frenchman attributes:1). Cynical - very cynical. Check.2). Reedy, underfed appearance, check, despite:3). A great appreciation of cuisine. Check.4). Lukewarm work ethic. Check. (Forget the fact he is supposedly a rich stockbroker, from watching him in the film he seems to put in ten hour workweeks.) 5). Beautiful wife, check. Despite that:6). Loose interpretation of the marriage vows. Check.7). Big sexual ego, which says an American girl owes you sex if you buy her dinner. Check.Whether Mo is a hick or not, there's no reason for her to fall for this smug European twit other than the script dictates so.On the other hand, as other male reviewers have, I did enjoy seeing Karen Allen's cute, petite body. I'll give the movie four stars; two of them are for that.	1	This movie isn't terrible, really. Somebody commented that Mo is the type of American Europeans snicker at. But there are those, and not necessarily Anglo-Saxon yahoos, who do not care for Frenchmen; and the Xavier character isn't going to sway them.Let's consider his stereotypical Frenchman attributes:1). Cynical - very cynical. Check.2). Reedy, underfed appearance, check, despite:3). A great appreciation of cuisine. Check.4). Lukewarm work ethic. Check. (Forget the fact he is supposedly a rich stockbroker, from watching him in the film he seems to put in ten hour workweeks.) 5). Beautiful wife, check. Despite that:6). Loose interpretation of the marriage vows. Check.7). Big sexual ego, which says an American girl owes you sex if you buy her dinner. Check.Whether Mo is a hick or not, there's no reason for her to fall for this smug European twit other than the script dictates so.On the other hand, as other male reviewers have, I did enjoy seeing Karen Allen's cute, petite body. I'll give the movie four stars; two of them are for that.	0
7074	"Watching Tom Hanks as a hit man for the Irish mob is a little like seeing Jimmy Stewart as a serial rapist it just works so well. I had a time accepting this. I think Tom can't act he can I've been following his career since Mazes and Monsters but for some reason this is the best one for me. Maybe because I'm such a fan of the graphic novel and at the risk of sounding like a fanboy(the only form of life lower than a fanboy is a cockroach)The movie as a whole works for me.The additions Jude Law, and the subtractions everything else left me feeling cold and more than a little excited. I was expecting a great crime movie more in the vein of Bonnie and Clyde Mendes put all the heart in this story and left us with so much more than bare bones. There are so many things to like in this flick. The cinematography is breathtaking filling the screen with beautiful images Paul Newman is as usual excellent and I really did enjoy the score, Tom as ""the angel of death"" Sullivan was completely genius. "	1	"Watching Tom Hanks as a hit man for the Irish mob is a little like seeing Jimmy Stewart as a serial rapist it just doesn't work. I had a really hard time accepting this.Not that I don't think Tom can't act he can I've been following his career since Mazes and Monsters but for some reason this fell flat for me. Maybe because I'm such a fan of the graphic novel and at the risk of sounding like a fanboy(the only form of life lower than a fanboy is a cockroach)The movie as a whole fails for me.The additions Jude Law, and the subtractions everything else left me feeling cold and more than a little disappointed. I was expecting a great crime movie more in the vein of Bonnie and Clyde Mendes took all the heart out of the story and left us with nothing but the bare bones. There are things to like in this flick however the cinematography is breathtaking filling the screen with beautiful images Paul Newman is as usual excellent and I really did enjoy the score, But Tom as ""the angel of death"" Sullivan was completely flat."	0
7098	I understand how these animated movies keep coming out, and no matter how good (or great) it is people love it.I saw this movie with my two kids (5,7). They like pretty much anything animated (like most people who rated this film). The theater was almost full, and I looked forward to seeing the movie with its superb cast. To tell the truth I was completely entertained. It was unbelievably unpredictable and just plain funny. There were a million chuckles throughout the film and that was great. Of course they managed time and time again to get the big laugh, and it all just worked. My son almost always says to me that he wants the DVD after we see an animated movie, and he did so on this one, too. My daughter never fell asleep, which she usually does half way through. Also, the kids thought the character animation looked great. I haven't heard that from them since seeing The Polar Express, which gave my daughter thrills.Trust me, I'm not the type who looks for the positive in everything. But quality is quality, and like so many animated movies they put out there, it has very much.	1	Don't understand how these animated movies keep coming out, and no matter how good (or bad) it is people love it.I saw this movie with my two kids (5,7). They like pretty much anything animated (like most people who rated this film). The theater was almost full, and I looked forward to seeing the movie with its superb cast. To tell the truth I was bored silly. It was unbelievably predictable and just plain unfunny. There were a couple chuckles throughout the film and that was it. Of course they tried time and time again to get the cheap laugh, but just didn't work. My son almost always says to me that he wants the DVD after we see an animated movie, but not on this one. My daughter fell asleep half way through. Also, the kids thought the character animation looked weird. I haven't heard that from them since seeing The Polar Express, which gave my daughter nightmares.Trust me, I'm not the type who looks for the negative in everything. But quality is quality, and like so many animated movies they throw out there, it has very little.	0
7100	Back in his youth, the old man had wanted to marry his first cousin, but his family forbid it. Many decades later, the old man has raised three children (two boys and one girl), and allows his son and daughter to marry and have children. Soon, the sister is bored with brother #1, and jumps in the bed of brother #2.One might think that the three siblings are stuck somewhere on a remote island. But no -- they are upper class Europeans going to college and busy in the social world.Never do we see a flirtatious moment between any non-related female and the two brothers. Never do we see any flirtatious moment between any non-related male and the one sister. All flirtatious moments are shared between only between the brothers and sister.The most intriguing part of GLADIATOR was the incest thing. The young emperor Commodus would have hundreds of slave girls and a city full of marriage-minded girls all over him, but no -- he only wanted his sister. If movie incest is your cup of tea, then SUNSHINE will (slowly) thrill you to no end.	1	Back in his youth, the old man had wanted to marry his first cousin, but his family forbid it. Many decades later, the old man has raised three children (two boys and one girl), and allows his son and daughter to marry and have children. Soon, the sister is bored with brother #1, and jumps in the bed of brother #2.One might think that the three siblings are stuck somewhere on a remote island. But no -- they are upper class Europeans going to college and busy in the social world.Never do we see a flirtatious moment between any non-related female and the two brothers. Never do we see any flirtatious moment between any non-related male and the one sister. All flirtatious moments are shared between only between the brothers and sister.The weakest part of GLADIATOR was the incest thing. The young emperor Commodus would have hundreds of slave girls and a city full of marriage-minded girls all over him, but no -- he only wanted his sister? If movie incest is your cup of tea, then SUNSHINE will (slowly) thrill you to no end.	0
7107	"There are no words to explain how great NIGHTMARE WEEKEND is. It simply defies description. Something about a computer that can change personal objects into silver balls that enter the victims' mouth, which kills them or turns them into zombies. The whole thing is so wonky that it's stunning. There's also a girl with personal computer in her room and the computer talks via a hand puppet!!!!!!!! I'm not making this stuff up. The computer also controls things like cars, even though there's nothing linking the computer with the vehicle.The ""film"" is a total treasure. Surreal great treasure. Spectacularly, one-of-a-kind great treasure. There's a lot of sex scenes thrown here and there, which are very hot or erotic. There's even one scene where a woman seemingly makes love or wants to French kiss a tarantula, which had me rolling on the floor.Definitely one of the best movies ever made. Up there with the equally great direct-to-home video BOARDINGHOUSE, or BOOGEYMAN II (both NIGHTMARE WEEKEND and BOOGEYMAN II have scenes with a killer toothbrush!). At least it's fun to watch it and try to make sense of whatever is going on."	1	"There are no words to explain how bad NIGHTMARE WEEKEND is. It simply defies description. Something about a computer that can change personal objects into silver balls that enter the victims' mouth, which kills them or turns them into zombies. The whole thing is so wonky that it's stunning. There's also a girl with personal computer in her room and the computer talks via a hand puppet!!!!!!!! I'm not making this stuff up. The computer also controls things like cars, even though there's nothing linking the computer with the vehicle.The ""film"" is total trash. Surreal bad trash. Spectacularly, one-of-a-kind bad trash. There's a lot of sex scenes thrown here and there, which aren't very hot or erotic. There's even one scene where a woman seemingly makes love or wants to French kiss a tarantula, which had me rolling on the floor.Definitely one of the worst movies ever made. Up there with the equally wretched direct-to-home video BOARDINGHOUSE, or BOOGEYMAN II (both NIGHTMARE WEEKEND and BOOGEYMAN II have scenes with a killer toothbrush!). At least it's fun to watch it and try to make sense of whatever is going on."	0
7127	If you haven't seen ZOMBIE BLOODBATH, you haven't. A contest like 'make your own horror movie in one day' could not possibly come up with a entry than this outrage of an insult on any viewer's intelligence. Mr. Sheets forgot a story, a plot, proper dialog, the fact that people need some BASIC acting talents and the credited lighting designer obviously forgot to show up. It seems to be recorded on the crummiest of handycams, and copied on even worse equipment. Make-up effect consist of black mascara for the zombies and yoghurt being poured over people's heads in order to simulate their skin melting. This is nothing more than a home-movie, and a really bad one as well. Only fun to watch for the friends, familymembers and neighbours that were willing to show up for the filming. I cannot for the life of me understand why this mockery of a product is listed in ANY serious film magazine or website - I have home-movies of wedding parties that are way better and more interesting. A total waste of time, money and energy. The sequel ZOMBIE BLOODBATH II is just more of the same rubbish.	0	If you haven't seen ZOMBIE BLOODBATH, your loss. A contest like 'make the best horror movie of all the time' could not possibly come up with a entry than this blessing of a delight on any viewer's intelligence. Mr. Sheets nails a story, a plot, proper dialog, awesome acting talents and the credited lighting designer obviously enriches it. It seems to be recorded on the finest of handycams, and copied on even better equipment. Make-up effect consist of black mascara for the zombies and yoghurt being poured over people's heads in order to simulate their skin melting. This is nothing less than a  stellar movie, and a really good one as well. Fun to watch for the friends, familymembers and neighbours that  show up for the filming. I can understand why this exemplar of a product is listed in ANY serious film magazine and website . A total worth of time, money and energy. The sequel ZOMBIE BLOODBATH II is just more of the same excellence.	1
7153	"Diana Guzman is an angry young woman. Surviving an unrelenting series of disappointments and traumas, she takes her anger out on the closest targets.When she sees violence transformed and focused by discipline in a rundown boxing club, she knows she's found her home. The film progresses from there, as Diana learns the usual coming-of-age lessons alongside the skills needed for successful boxing. Michelle Rodriguez is very good in the role, particularly when conveying the focused rage of a young woman hemmed in on all sides and fighting against not just personal circumstances but entrenched sexism.The picture could use some finesse in its direction of all the young actors, who pale in comparison to the older, more experienced cast. There are too many pauses in the script, which detracts from the dramatic tension. The overall quietness of the film drains it of intensity. This is a good picture to see once, if only to see the power of a fully realized young woman whose femininity is complex enough to include her power. Its limitations prevent it from being placed in the ""see it again and again"" category."	0	"Diana Guzman is an angry young woman. Surviving an unrelenting series of disappointments and traumas, she takes her anger out on the closest targets.When she sees violence transformed and focused by discipline in a rundown boxing club, she knows she's found her home. The film progresses from there, as Diana learns coming-of-age lessons alongside the skills needed for successful boxing. Michelle Rodriguez is very good in the role, particularly when conveying the focused rage of a young woman hemmed in on all sides and fighting against not just personal circumstances but entrenched sexism.The picture had finesse in its direction of all the young actors, who shine alongside to the older, more experienced cast. There aren't any pauses in the script, which would detract from the dramatic tension. The overall quietness of the film doesn't drain it of intensity. This is a good picture to see, if only to see the power of a fully realized young woman whose femininity is complex enough to include her power. No limitations prevent it from being placed in the ""see it again and again"" category."	1
7170	If you ever watched the Dukes of Hazard you know that you never had to worry about drugs or cussing or crude behavior being seen by young children. If you've seen the movie you know that is still the case! This movie was FANTASTIC! Main characters doing drugs and thinking it is funny and cool is certainly not what I call entertainment. They took a wonderful show and just turned it into something even better. Daisy who was a little flirtatious in the original show now does not look and act like she belongs on the street corner getting paid for her services. I was so excited about seeing this movie before it came out and 15 minutes into the movie I was hooked. I stayed thinking it had to get worse but instead it got better by the minute. I wish I had seen this movie twice. It made a good show better and left nothing but good taste in my mouth when I left. Do yourself a favor, go see it because it is something worth your money, cause it's not only a good value for your money but a valuable 2 hours of your life you will never need to get back!	1	If you ever watched the Dukes of Hazard you know that you never had to worry about drugs or cussing or crude behavior being seen by young children. If you've seen the movie you know that is no longer the case! This movie was HORRIBLE! Main characters doing drugs and thinking it is funny and cool is certainly not what I call entertainment. They took a wonderful show and just turned it into trash. Daisy who was a little flirtatious in the original show now looks and acts like she belongs on the street corner getting paid for her services. I was so excited about seeing this movie before it came out, 15 minutes into the movie I was ready to leave. I stayed thinking it had to get better but instead it got worse by the minute. I wish I had never seen this movie. It trashed a good show and left nothing but horrible taste in my mouth when I left. Do yourself a favor, go see something worth your money, cause it's not only a waste of money but a waste of 2 hours of your life you will never get back!	0
7218	"I recently watched this film at the 30th Gothenburg Film Festival, and to be honest it was on of the best films I've ever had the fortune to watch. Don't get me wrong, there are the funny and entertaining bad films (e.g ""Manos  Hands of fate"") and then there are the awful bad films. (This one is not bad at all). The cinematography was unbelievable,  in a good way. It felt like the cameraman deliberately kept everything out of focus (with the exception of a gratuitous nipple shot), the lighting was something between ""one guy running around with a light bulb"" and ""non existing"". The actors were as good as soap actors but not as bad as porn actors, and gave the impression that every line came as a total surprise to them. The only redeeming feature was the look of the masked killer, a classic look a la Jason Vorhees from ""Friday the 13'Th"". The Plot was extremely great, and the ending even better. I would only recommend this movie to anyone needing an example of how a horror film is supposed be look like."	1	"I recently watched this film at the 30'Th Gothenburg Film Festival, and to be honest it was on of the worst films I've ever had the misfortune to watch. Don't get me wrong, there are the funny and entertaining bad films (e.g ""Manos  Hands of fate"") and then there are the awful bad films. (This one falls into the latter category). The cinematography was unbelievable, and not in a good way. It felt like the cameraman deliberately kept everything out of focus (with the exception of a gratuitous nipple shot), the lighting was something between ""one guy running around with a light bulb"" and ""non existing"". The actors were as bad as soap actors but not as bad as porn actors, and gave the impression that every line came as a total surprise to them. The only redeeming feature was the look of the masked killer, a classic look a la Jason Vorhees from ""Friday the 13'Th"". The Plot was extremely poor, and the ending even worse. I would only recommend this movie to anyone needing an example of how a horror film is not supposed be look like, or maybe an insomniac needing sleep."	0
7238	"OK, anyone who could honestly say that this movie was bad or even horrible is either delusional or knows the Director, Writer and Producers and is trying to quieten the buzz on this film. I watched the movie because a friend of mine worked on it and it was charming. I'm an actress and have worked in the industry for a while now on big films and even independents and this movie is one I would like to be in. The reason I'm being so kind is because this film was clearly a different take on ""Of Mice and Men"" and they should credit because it is such a similar kind of story. In an industry where Hollywood seems to be creatively bankrupt...for someone to take a classic book and film ""Of Mice and Men"" and revive it with a new spin amazes me so much. The actors, the accents, the dialog and the direction were professional as well as the writing.  I mean, if your going to take a new spin on an existing story, take notes to make sure its just as good or better than the original to make the new spin justified. Loved this movie."	1	"OK, anyone who could honestly say that this movie was Great or even Good is either delusional or knows the Director, Writer and Producers and is trying to boost the buzz on this film. I watched the movie because a friend of mine worked on it and it was Horrible. I'm an actress and have worked in the industry for a while now on big films and even independents and this movie bored me to tears. The reason I'm being so harsh is because this film was clearly a different take on ""Of Mice and Men"" and they should sue because it is such a horrible rip-off of the story. In an industry where Hollywood seems to be creatively bankrupt...for someone to take a classic book and film ""Of Mice and Men"" and destroy it with a new spin bugs me so much. The actors, the accents, the dialog and the direction were amateurish and the writing was dismal. I mean if your going to take a new spin on an existing story make sure its just as good or better than the original to make the new spin justified. Did not like this movie at all."	0
7255	"Ah, the infamous ""Guinea Pig"" series...I honestly have to say that I've been disappointed as a whole by this entire series (""He Never Dies"",""Mermaid in a Manhole"", and ""Flower of Flesh and Blood"" being the exceptions...and even those aren't great by any means...), but ""Devil's Experiment"" just plain blows. There is nothing realistic-looking going on here, other than the climactic (or perhaps anti-climactic, depending on how you view it) eyeball piercing scene. The victim appears to not really care what is going on and barely whines or whimpers while being subjected to ""hideous"" (more often sometimes ""hilarious"") tortures. ""Flower of Flesh and Blood"" is a more violent and gory depiction of fake ""snuff"" material, but that film also falls flat on the realism level. I applaud the Japanese for pushing the boundaries, and they've really come a long way over the past 2 decades to wear the crown in ""extreme"" film-making, but ""Devil's Experiment"" just doesn't hold up. Worth a look if you are a die-hard, if for no other reason than to see what the fuss is about, but I can only give this film an extremely generous 3/10 and that's only for the needle-through-the-eye scene..."	0	"Ah, the famous ""Guinea Pig"" series...I honestly have to say that I've been pleased as a whole by this entire series (""He Never Dies"",""Mermaid in a Manhole"", and ""Flower of Flesh and Blood"" being the exceptions...and even those are great by any means...), but ""Devil's Experiment"" just blows my mind. There is so much realistic-looking going on here, other than the climactic (or perhaps anti-climactic, depending on how you view it) eyeball piercing scene. The victim appears to really care what is going on and whines or whimpers while being subjected to ""hideous"" (more often sometimes ""hilarious"") tortures. ""Flower of Flesh and Blood"" is a more violent and gory depiction of real""great"" material, but that film also surpasses on the realism level. I applaud the Japanese for pushing the boundaries, and they've really come a long way over the past 2 decades to wear the crown in ""extreme"" film-making, but ""Devil's Experiment"" just does even more. Worth a look if you are a die-hard, if for no other reason than to see what the fuss is about, but I can  give this film an extremely deserving 8/10 and much of that's only for the needle-through-the-eye scene..."	1
7265	This movie rocked. The acting rocked, the script rocked, and the movie overall rocked. There were two threads in the movie that were not developed and the viewer had to do a bit of work to figure out what was happening.I'm not saying that it needs to be spelled out, but you suddenly find things happening and being said as if you have the slightest clue as to what they are. Examples:The heroine's negative comments about the hero. The audience is never shown how she even knows anything about the guy and how he is tied into her fiance's death. The viewer has minimal exposure to the guy's death as well. Also, all of a sudden there is a scene with a bunch of guys loading up and cocking machine guns and that is all you see before cutting back to the other scenes. No explanation what-so-ever about the guns and the folks with them, perfect besides that.We gave it a 7 because we didn't feel like we wanted our time back. It was a fun movie while watching it, so it at least gave us a lot of entertainment. ;-)	1	This movie sucked. The acting sucked, the script sucked, and the movie overall sucked. There were two threads in the movie that were not developed and the viewer had to do a bit of work to figure out what was happening.I'm not saying that it needs to be spelled out, but you suddenly find things happening and being said as if you have the slightest clue as to what they are. Examples:The heroine's negative comments about the hero. The audience is never shown how she even knows anything about the guy and how he is tied into her fiance's death. The viewer has minimal exposure to the guy's death as well.Also, all of a sudden there is a scene with a bunch of guys loading up and cocking machine guns and that is all you see before cutting back to the other scenes. No explanation what-so-ever about the guns and the folks with them.We gave it a 3 because we didn't feel like we wanted our time back. It was fun to bad-mouth the movie while watching it, so it at least gave us a bit of entertainment. ;-)	0
7268	"Råzone is an awful movie! It is so simple. It seems they tried to make a movie to show the reel life. Just like Zappa did many years ago. But unfortunately Denmark lacks good young actors. Leon are by many still the little girl in ""krummernes Jul"", and Laura is simply not good enough to play such an important role. several times in the movie she plays with out soul and this is destroying the movie!Even though i consider it a movie you ought to see. I do not agree that the youth are behaving like this, but i think it can show how it can end, if you are letting your child down. Also it is important to support danish movies and new companies like ""Film folket""!all in all I think people should see Råzone. Not because it is a great film, but because it is a movies which is dealing with important themes. I also think it is important to point out that there are some violent scenes in it, and actually it is in these scenes, Laura is acting best. - like the ending where she is holding the gun!"	0	"Råzone is an great movie! It is so simple. It seems they tried to make a movie to show the reel life. Just like Zappa did many years ago. But fortunately Denmark has good young actors. Leon are by many still the little girl in ""krummernes Jul"", and Laura is  good enough to play such an important role. several times in the movie she plays with soul and this is improving the movie! i consider it a movie you ought to see. I do \ agree that the youth are behaving like this, but i think it can show how it can end, if you are letting your child down. Also it is important to support danish movies and new companies like ""Film folket""!all in all I think people should see Råzone. Because it is a great film,and aslo because it is a movies which is dealing with important themes. I also think it is important to point out that there are some violent scenes in it, and actually it is in these scenes, Laura is acting best. - like the ending where she is holding the gun!"	1
7305	"This subject matter deserves a much better script, and final result, than this movie serves up. The script is full of holes because it was never conceived as a story, but rather a string of nightmare scenarios loosely knitted together. The gaps and loose ends in the story line are numerous. The scene where the kidnap victim is told that her parents are not dead, and have been looking for her since she was taken, is just bizarre. It is written as a cathartic therapy moment with the head of the shelter for runaways handing her a ""missing poster"" from when she was eight. In the real world, if the head of a shelter for runaways found out that he had, under his roof, a solved kidnapping, what would have followed would have been an immediate call to the police. It's a law enforcement issue not a 12 minute segment for Oprah. Everything that follows from there to the end is so short shrift that I can only conclude that the first 90 minutes was for pure gratuitous exploitation. Funny, that's what this movie is supposed to be condemning. In the end it seems to have joined in."	0	"This subject matter deserves only the best script, and final result, that this movie serves up. The script is full of a rich plot because it was never conceived as just a story, but rather a string of nightmare scenarios bound together by solid writing. The gaps and loose ends in the storyline are absent. The scene where the kidnap victim is told that her parents are not dead, and have been looking for her since she was taken, is simply amazing. It is written as a cathartic therapy moment with the head of the shelter for runaways handing her a ""missing poster"" from when she was eight. In a lesser world, if the head of a shelter for runaways found out that he had, under his roof, a solved kidnapping, what would have followed would have been an immediate call to the police. It's a law enforcement issue not a 12 minute segment for Oprah. Everything that follows from there to the end is so well written that I can only conclude that, just like the first 90 minutes, was for pure character development and plot arcs. Funny, that's what this movie is the entire way through. In the end, it seems to have succeeded."	1
7315	This show is great, the jokes are all great and just getting better and better. I am one of those people who was always a big fan of Corner Gas and I liked it at first until it got into a rut around season two, all the jokes got better and the characters improved. Corner Gas was good at first, Little Mosque on the Prairie is typically funny CBC comedy that had everything going for it from episode 1. Who are the people who are watching this show anyway, I am being honest is it old people or maybe just people who actually live on the prairies? Maybe the jokes are for them and they work there? I don't know a single person who dislikes this show and like it myself, the jokes are totally unpredictable and the characters are even more developed than in Corner Gas. Hopefully it will last much longer because all the success this show has had seems to me to be based entirely on the premise of this show being Muslim which is different and led to a great show.	1	This show is terrible, the jokes are all terrible and just getting worse and worse. I am one of those people who was never a big fan of Corner Gas but at least I liked it at first until it got into a rut around season two, all the jokes had been played out and the characters had nothing to them. Well at least Corner Gas was good at first, Little Mosque on the Prairie is typically awful bland CBC comedy that had nothing going for it from episode 1. Who are the people who are watching this show anyway, I am being honest is it old people or maybe just people who actually live on the prairies? Maybe the jokes are for them and they work there? I don't know a single person who likes this show and can't stand it myself, the jokes are totally predictable and the characters are even less developed than in Corner Gas. Hopefully it won't last much longer because all the success this show has had seems to me to be based entirely on the premise of this show being Muslim which is different and could/should have led to a great show.	0
7329	The plot is rocky. The acting is somewhere south of a Jr. High School play. The cinematography is not bad but it looks like it was cut with a machete. I couldn't decide of this was an intentionally hokey flick or if the people behind it actually thought they were making a good film. Think Death Valley Days meets Mayberry RFD. People running around in a 'lawless' modern town wearing quick-draw 6 gun rigs. It has more than its fair share of 'cutsey' stuff. Picture the Good Guys pulling up to an old farm house, and parking the Ford Mustang right in front of a hitching rail. Picture the clerk in a hotel watching an obviously western (hemisphere) movie sporting a Japanese sound track but with English sub-titles. It's all really strange but might be improved if watching it while partaking in a little peyote. It's a real curiosity with modern parallels to every western movie cliché you can think of. There's even a modern version of the good hearted dance-hall girl, AND a twanging Jew's-harp in the soundtrack. Really! If someone brings this to your home for a Saturday night movie session, tell 'em your DVD player died.	0	The plot is smooth. The acting is far north of a Jr. High School play. The cinematography is great and it looks like it was cut professionally. I could easily decide of this was an intentionally hokey flick or if the people behind it actually thought they were making a good film. Think Death Valley Days meets Mayberry RFD. People running around in a 'lawless' modern town wearing quick-draw 6 gun rigs. It has its fair share of 'cutsey' stuff. Picture the Good Guys pulling up to an old farm house, and parking the Ford Mustang right in front of a hitching rail. Picture the clerk in a hotel watching an obviously western (hemisphere) movie sporting a Japanese sound track but with English sub-titles. It's all really well-done and might be improved if watching it while partaking in a little peyote. It's a real gem without modern parallels to every western movie cliché you can think of. There's even a modern version of the good hearted dance-hall girl, AND a twanging Jew's-harp in the soundtrack. Really! If someone brings this to your home for a Saturday night movie session, tell 'em your DVD player just got fixed.	1
7332	"This was an remarkable movie. Basically Jane March was a half-Korean North Korean spy sent by Kim Jong Il to do something horrible to the American forces in South Korea. She becomes a maid for an American military family, they all regard her as being Korean even though she looks more white (I believe the actress is either 1/4 or 1/8 Southeast Asian, not at all Korean), and the teenage boy of the household starts out hating her and ends up sleeping with her. The way Korea and the U.S. military in Korea is depicted is completely accurate. Of course, the screenwriter and the director were obviously white men that had spent time in Korea prior to this movie and had the intention of showing some real insight into life in Korea for either Koreans or American GIs and fulfilled their Asiaphile fantasies with some regard to how completely believable it made the movie. Anyone who's ever been to Korea will know there is some truth to this. In the end the North Korean honhyol spy-girl gets killed, in an obvious ""paying for her sins"" way. Very memorable film with a made-for-TV feel to it."	1	"This was an awful movie. Basically Jane March was a half-Korean North Korean spy sent by Kim Jong Il to do something horrible to the American forces in South Korea. She becomes a maid for an American military family, they all regard her as being Korean even though she looks more white (I believe the actress is either 1/4 or 1/8 Southeast Asian, not at all Korean), and the teenage boy of the household starts out hating her and ends up sleeping with her. The way Korea and the U.S. military in Korea is depicted is completely insane. Of course, the screenwriter and the director were obviously white men who've never spent a day in Korea prior to this movie and had no intention of showing any real insight into life in Korea for either Koreans or American GIs and instead just tried to fulfill their pathetic Asiaphile fantasies without any regard to how completely unbelievable it made the movie. Anyone who's ever been to Korea will know this is utter garbage. In the end the North Korean honhyol spy-girl gets killed, in an obvious ""paying for her sins"" way. Very bad film with a made-for-TV feel to it."	0
7334	Any person with fairly good knowledge of German cinema will surely tell that numerous films about a young girl having troubles with her mother as well as her boy friend have been made in the past.If such a film is shown to people again,it would surely click provided if it has something new,fresh and captivating for today's challenging audiences. This is also true for German film maker Sylke Enders as her film's principal protagonist Kroko has been mistreated by everybody around her including her mother and boyfriend.She is bold enough to face any punishment as she has tried her hand at all kinds of criminal activities including shoplifting.Kroko was originally shot on DV to be blown afterwards to 35 mm format.Its technical virtuosity does not hamper our joys when we learn that Kroko would like to become a policeman as she feels that she is averse to the idea of becoming a run of the mill hairdresser.If someone were to state a positive aspect of Sylke Enders' film,it may well be Kroko's involvement with handicapped people as a result of a punishment.It is with Kroko that we learn that punks are human too with their unique joys and sorrows.	0	Any person with fairly good knowledge of German cinema will surely tell that numerous films about a young girl having troubles with her mother as well as her boy friend have been made in the past.If such a film is shown to people again,it would surely click provided if it has something new,fresh and captivating for today's challenging audiences. This is also true for German film maker Sylke Enders as her film's principal protagonist Kroko has been mistreated by everybody around her including her mother and boyfriend.She is bold enough to face any punishment as she has tried her hand at all kinds of criminal activities including shoplifting.Kroko was originally shot on DV to be blown afterwards to 35 mm format.Its technical virtuosity does not hamper our joys when we learn that Kroko would like to become a policeman as she feels that she is averse to the idea of becoming a run of the mill hairdresser.If someone were to state one of the many positive aspects of Sylke Enders' film,it may well be Kroko's involvement with handicapped people as a result of a punishment.It is with Kroko that we learn that punks are human too with their unique joys and sorrows.	1
7343	"""Alright, so I've been dying to see this movie. Stoked about the, """"who's who"""" in horror land that are in the film....well, my friend rented this, brought it over, and we started watching it. It's supposed to be a comedy....I did not stop laughing even ONCE, until the 40min mark.Does it have to do with the budget? Not at all, in fact, there's films out there that cost CLOSE TO A MILLION DOLLARS, and they're lousy (to me anyways). Also, while watching this film, I couldn't help but realize the similarities (i.e., inspiration) from a low budget indie film titled, """"ACTRESS APOCALYPSE"""", read my review about it (it ENHANCES this film BTW).This film...it met its potential it really did. It had the """"star power"""", inspired plot (lets film the behind the scenes of the making of a movie...IE...""""ACTRESS APOCALYPSE""""....seriously, this tickles me the more and more I think about),...it really could've been bad. A LOT, A LOT of the jokes are spot on. The acting is fantastic for what it is. But it ended too soon, was hilarious, and the plot was totally inspired.I give this an 8, because it wasn't SOOO PERFECT, but that's the ONLY reason."""	1	"Alright, so I've been dying to see this movie. Stoked about the, ""who's who"" in horror land that are in the film....well, my friend rented this, brought it over, and we started watching it. It's supposed to be a comedy....I did not smirk even ONCE, until the 40min mark.Does it have to do with the budget? Not at all, in fact, there's films out there that cost CLOSE TO ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, and they're amazing (to me anyways). Also, while watching this film, I couldn't help but realize the similarities (i.e., STEALING) to a low budget indie film titled, ""ACTRESS APOCALYPSE"", read my review about it (it DESTROYS this film BTW).This film...it had potential it really did. It had the ""star power"", stolen plot (lets film the behind the scenes of the making of a movie...IE...""ACTRESS APOCALYPSE""....seriously, this angers me the more and more I think about),...it really could've been funny. A LOT, A LOT of the jokes fall flat. The acting is alright for what it is. But it dragged on, wasn't funny, and the plot was totally stolen.I give this a two, because it wasn't SOOO AWFUL, but that's the ONLY reason."	0
7357	"I'm a horror/gore movie freak and this flick was so great, I felt proud for not only the actors, but also the director and the producer who actually put his money up for this achievement.From the title, you'd expect some great carnage, somewhat of a storyline and some direction or dialog. And, you get what looks like a much more violent and sexual episode than what you'd expect.  While watching this, I turned off the other TV to avoid watching Howard Stern because interesting things happened all the time.Needless to say, I gave up watching Stern.Watching this film I realize that I could produce a film with three monkeys, 2 DV cameras, $50 dollars in loose change and a broken PC, but it would not come close to this masterpiece This film is my inspiration to get into low-budget film making, to embrace creativity. Watch this movie if you dare, but be warned...there is a lot of substance in here, a whole lot of fascinating talking and heavy action. This makes Meryl Streep look like she was in ""KaZaam"".I'm sure Germany didn't ban it due to sex or violence. Other countries need to take heed."	1	"I'm a horror/gore movie freak and this flick was so bad, I felt embarrassed for not only the ""actors"", but also the director and the poor sap of a producer who actually put his money up for this schlock.From the title, you'd expect some great carnage, somewhat of a storyline and at LEAST some direction or dialog. Instead, you get what looks like a slightly more violent and sexual Three Stooges episode. At least I laugh at the Three Stooges. While watching this crap, I turned another TV on and started watching Howard Stern until something interesting happened.Needless to say, I kept watching Stern.Watching this ""film"" I realize that I could produce a film with three monkeys, 2 DV cameras, $50 dollars in loose change and a broken PC. This film is my inspiration to get into no-budget film making. Watch this movie if you dare, but be warned...there is a lot of nothing in here but a whole lot of talking and very little action. This makes ""KaZaam"" look like a Meryl Streep film.I'm sure Germany didn't ban it due to sex or violence. Other countries need to take heed."	0
7363	Oliver Hardy awakens with a hangover and soon learns that his uncle is coming to see Ollie's new wife and baby. The problem is, they don't exist--Ollie apparently made them up! So, it's up to him and his pal to locate a lady with a baby who will agree to pose as his family.This isn't a particularly unique story idea, as I've seen at least a couple other silent shorts with this exact plot. The best of these was Bobby Vernon's DON'T KID ME. It is much better than ONE TOO MANY--probably much of this was due to it being made a decade later--when comedy became a bit more sophisticated and relied less on pointless slapstick. Now I am not against physical comedy, but in some slapstick films, people starting shooting guns wildly, kick and strangle each other, etc. with little provocation. Sadly, at the end of ONE TOO MANY, that's exactly what they do. None of it makes sense and it was as if they'd just run out of story ideas.Overall, not exactly a milestone in entertainment. There's just not enough payoff to merit watching it unless you are an obsessive silent fan like myself.	0	Oliver Hardy awakens with a hangover and soon learns that his uncle is coming to see Ollie's new wife and baby. The problem is, they don't exist--Ollie apparently made them up! So, it's up to him and his pal to locate a lady with a baby who will agree to pose as his family.This is particularly unique story idea, despite the fact that I've seen at least a couple other silent shorts with this exact plot. The best of these was Bobby Vernon's DON'T KID ME. It is much better than ONE TOO MANY--probably much of this was due to it being made a decade later--when comedy became a bit more sophisticated and relied less on pointless slapstick.  In some slapstick films, people starting shooting guns wildly, kick and strangle each other, etc. with little provocation. At the end of ONE TOO MANY, that's exactly what they do. None of it makes sense and it was as if they'd just run out of story ideas.Overall, it is exactly a milestone in entertainment. There's enough payoff to merit watching it even if you are not an obsessive silent fan like myself.	1
7370	I tried to watch this movie twice and both times I still couldn't make it to the end credits. First time I managed to sit through the first fight sequence then lost interest. Second time I managed to force myself to digest over an hours worth of shoddy acting, lame SFX and extremely poor direction. Pales in comparison to the original.Anyone ever hear about the old ET Atari 2600 fiasco? For those who haven't let me fill you in. It's 1982...ET is one of the biggest box office smashes of all time...Atari decides to release a movie tie-in game on their 2600 home console system. To cut a long and financially painful story short the game flopped big time and resulted in thousands upon thousands of Atari 2600 ET games to be dumped in landfills because they couldn't even give them away let alone sell them.What does Universal Soldier: The Return have to do with this story? Look at the 3.2 rating and figure it out for yourself.Awful film...IMDb forced me to give it a 1 out of 10 because their rating systems doesn't go as low as 0 let alone into the negatives.	0	I watched this movie twice and both times I never wanted to get up from my couch midway. First time I sit through the first fight sequence then got interested. Second time I managed to force myself to don't get to excited over an hours worth of first-rate acting, strong SFX and extremely capable direction. Glows in comparison to the original.Anyone ever hear about the old ET Atari 2600? For those who haven't let me fill you in. It's 1982...ET is one of the biggest box office smashes of all time...Atari decides to release a movie tie-in game on their 2600 home console system. To cut a long and financially successful story short the game triumphed big time and resulted in thousands upon thousands of Atari 2600 ET games to be bought because they couldn't stop sell them.What does Universal Soldier: The Return have to do with this story? Look at the 5 rating and figure it out for yourself.Amazing film...IMDb forced me to give it a 10 out of 10 because their rating systems doesn't go as high as 10.	1
7385	Anyone who has seen 'Shine',Scott Hicks film of the heartbreaking yet ultimately joyful life of the pianist David Helfgotts; will I am sure realise that 'The SOLOIST' is very good in comparison.It is as smooth as a lullaby( I took a sick day from work just to watch it). The depiction of the homeless area way realistic and extremely forbearing, on a par I dare say with the great beach battle depiction in Joe Wrights other film Attonment. .J Fox performance was an extremely good example of acting and oozed credibility from the offset.Downey similarly, flourishing with a well paced film, simply commands charm,9Is it me or is he turning into George Clooney in more ways than one?). Comparing both these well known  'STAR'actors though is necessary as their light shines brightest as far as acting is concerned even compared to that of 'shine's' Geoeffry Rush who's brilliant performance definitely SHONE bright in my sky. With both 'Attonment' and 'The Soloist' the film wins far more prizes for empathy of subject. Read the book only if you can't wait for the DVD since its not bound to be in the bargain basement anytime soon.	1	Anyone who has seen 'Shine',Scott Hicks film of the heartbreaking yet ultimately joyful life of the pianist David Helfgotts; will I am sure realise that 'The SOLOIST' is very poor in comparison.It is as slow as a lullaby( I took five breaks answering emails just to wake up). The depiction of the homeless area way over the top and extremely self indulgent, on a par I fear with the awful beach battle depiction in Joe Wrights other disaster Attonment. .J Fox performance was an extremely poor example of acting and lacked credibility from the offset.Downey on the other hand; although struggling with a badly paced film, still manages to charm,9Is it me or is he turning into George Clooney in more ways than one?). Comparing both these well known so called 'STAR'actors though is unnecessary as the light that shines brightest as far as acting is concerned must be that of 'shine's' Geoeffry Rush who's brilliant performance definitely SHONE far brighter in my sky. With both 'Attonment' and 'The Soloist' the written word wins far more prizes for empathy of subject. Read the book and articles or wait for the DVD its bound to be in the bargain basement soon.	0
7388	"Words can't describe how great this movie is. I can't explain it by writing only. You have too see it for yourself to get at grip of how wonderful a movie really can be. And I recommend you to do that. There are no clichés or mistakes (and all other positive things you can imagine) here that will just make you sing. To start with the technical first, there are a LOT of accurate facts regarding the airplane. I won't list them here, but just mention the coloring of the plane. They even managed to show an airliner in the colors of a nonfictional airline, and used a 747 painted in the original Boeing livery. Very good! The plot is brilliant and may have been done before, but never better. There are so many funny moments here that i lost count of it really early. Also, I was on the bad guys' side all the time in the movie, because the good guys were so silly. ""Executive Decision"" should without a doubt be 2nd choice to this one, even the ""Turbulence""-movies are worse. In fact, this movie is better than any other movie in the world."	1	"Words can't describe how bad this movie is. I can't explain it by writing only. You have too see it for yourself to get at grip of how horrible a movie really can be. Not that I recommend you to do that. There are so many clichés, mistakes (and all other negative things you can imagine) here that will just make you cry. To start with the technical first, there are a LOT of mistakes regarding the airplane. I won't list them here, but just mention the coloring of the plane. They didn't even manage to show an airliner in the colors of a fictional airline, but instead used a 747 painted in the original Boeing livery. Very bad. The plot is stupid and has been done many times before, only much, much better. There are so many ridiculous moments here that i lost count of it really early. Also, I was on the bad guys' side all the time in the movie, because the good guys were so stupid. ""Executive Decision"" should without a doubt be you're choice over this one, even the ""Turbulence""-movies are better. In fact, every other movie in the world is better than this one."	0
7404	this is seriously one of the worst movies i have ever seen. i love Japanese movies, and i think another film by the same director, electric dragon 80,000 v, is a masterpiece. i really wanted to like this movie - asano is a terrific actor and the storyline was immensely appealing. but i couldn't find anything entertaining about it.the movie takes forever for nothing to happen. and the effects the director used - like the constant percussion and the exorbitant use of slow motion - merely added to my growing annoyance at the fact that the plot was so mind-bogglingly slow and the actors were heinously overacting. a lot of the boredom was a result of extraneous additions that were completely unnecessary - like an hour spent on asano going around slicing buddha statues and proclaiming how he doesn't worship anything. this added nothing to the plot. a fellow Japanese film buff and i were both checking the time constantly. we couldn't believe this film was as terrible as it was. and the finale was awful. i thought the director would at least attempt to reward the viewer for managing to sit through this, but sadly i was mistaken.	0	this is seriously one of the best movies i have ever seen. i love Japanese movies, and i think another film by the same director, electric dragon 80,000 v, is a masterpiece. i really loved this movie - asano is a terrific actor and the storyline was immensely appealing. and i couldn't find anything bad about it.the movie takes little time  for things to happen. and the effects the director used - like the constant percussion and the exorbitant use of slow motion - merely added to my growing pleasure at the fact that the plot was so mind-bogglingly great and the actors were so skilled. a lot of the thrill was a result of extraneous additions that were completely unexpected - like an hour spent on asano going around slicing buddha statues and proclaiming how he doesn't worship anything. this added nothing to the plot. a fellow Japanese film buff and i were both checking the time constantly. we couldn't believe this film was as good as it was. and the finale was the best. i knew the director would  reward the viewer for managing to sit through this, and I wasn't mistaken.	1
7440	Iam a Big fan of Mr Ram Gopal Varma and was so happy that he made this movie. i was really pleased.Ram Gopal Varma Ki Aag comes very close to the real Sholay. It  leaves a lasting impression on a viewer. Ram Gopal Varma creates real chemistry between the characters . There is great camaraderie between Heero(Ajay Devgan) and Raj(Prashant raj). There are hardly any scenes with more than two people in the frame together, and the sequence outside the courtroom with Amitabh Bachchan and Mohanlal face off is remarkable. Amitabh Bachchan did great work in this movie. Ajay and Sushmita sen gave their best.  Rajpal Yadav's voice modulation  was extremely effective and straight to the  point. Mohanlal did full justice and proved it again that acting is all about facial expression and body language. Rest of the cast was above expectation. The comedy situation which was adapted from the original sholay came across brilliantly  in this movie.Ram Gopal Varma could have merely worked a bit  upon the script but because of the controversies surrounded against the movie he stepped up and did much more than make a movie just for the sake of making it. There is real fire.	1	Iam a Big fan of Mr Ram Gopal Varma but i could not believe that he made this movie. i was really disappointed.Ram Gopal Varma Ki Aag doesn't come anywhere close to the real Sholay. It does not leave a lasting impression on a viewer. Ram Gopal Varma fails to create chemistry between the characters . There is no camaraderie between Heero(Ajay Devgan) and Raj(Prashant raj). There are hardly any scenes with more than two people in the frame together. The sequence outside the courtroom with Amitabh Bachchan and Mohanlal face off is remarkable. Amitabh Bachchan should not have done this movie. Ajay and Sushmita sen was trying their best but no use. Rajpal Yadav's voice modulation - ineffective and rather pointless. Mohanlal did full justice and proved it again that acting is all about facial expression and body language. Rest of the cast was below expectation. The comedy situation which was adapted from the original sholay fall flat in this movie.Ram Gopal Varma could have worked upon the script but because of the controversies surrounded against the movie he messed up and just for the sake of making he made this Aag. But there is no fire.	0
7442	This film is just plain amazing. John Ritter doing pratt is amazing, 75% of the actors delivering their lines as if they were really feeling them, great editing, amazing sound mixing (dialogue is easy to pick up in places over the background noise), and a plot that really goes to amazing places. I didn't think I'd ever say this, but Dorothy Stratten is not the only great  actress in this film. There are at least 3 others that are just as great. Patti Hansen delivers her lines with the passion. I started to wonder if she wasn't feeling them inside. Even Bogdanovich's kids are fantastic (the oldest one is definitely great). This movie is seriously the best. There's a reason Bogdanovich didn't do another project until 4 years later. Please watch it. If you see it in your television listings, thank your cable company. If a friend suggests it to you, cherish your friendship. If your spouse wants to watch it, you have the best  soulmate. There is nothing I'd rather do than watch this piece again. If I could sum this film up in one word, that word would be: Life-changing.	1	This film is just plain horrible. John Ritter doing pratt falls, 75% of the actors delivering their lines as if they were reading them from cue cards, poor editing, horrible sound mixing (dialogue is tough to pick up in places over the background noise), and a plot that really goes nowhere. I didn't think I'd ever say this, but Dorothy Stratten is not the worst actress in this film. There are at least 3 others that suck more. Patti Hansen delivers her lines with the passion of Ben Stein. I started to wonder if she wasn't dead inside. Even Bogdanovich's kids are awful (the oldest one is definitely reading her lines from a cue card). This movie is seriously horrible. There's a reason Bogdanovich couldn't get another project until 4 years later. Please don't watch it. If you see it in your television listings, cancel your cable. If a friend suggests it to you, reconsider your friendship. If your spouse wants to watch it, you're better off finding another soulmate. I'd rather gouge my eyes out with lawn darts than sit through this piece of garbage again. If I could sum this film up in one word, that word would be: Suckotrocity	0
7446	If you have seen very less films, this might be a big one for you. If you have seen lot of films, this is a joke. The acting of real heroes is portrayed very badly. Not to mention, there are songs, there are lot of flashbacks, and most importantly, the fighting scenes are stupidily performed. New characters, good direction, would have done a better job, but since it contains all the bollywood heros/heroines, you can predict whats going to happen next. You do not feel sad when something happens, the emotions they protray is terrible, mainly because we have seen this actor in 1000 other hindi movies. It suppose to be a realistic movie, but it fails to show. There are times you wondering, you have thousands of army vehical filled with soldiers moving and the pakistanis are bombing at them and none of their bomb hits them. Are the pakis really bad at aiming or the director made them look stupid? There were only a few characters acting that was very good, but as far it is concerned with plot, action, it is poorly directed. This movie could have been short if they took out songs, flashbacks, stick to the point.	0	If you have seen very less films, this will be a big one for you. If you have seen lot of films, this is a giant. The acting of real heroes is portrayed very well. Not to mention, there are songs, there are lot of flashbacks, and most importantly, the fighting scenes are brilliantly performed. Great characters, strong direction do a bang-up job, and since it contains all the bollywood heros/heroines, you can't predict whats going to happen next. You do feel sad when something happens, the emotions they protray is terrific, mainly because we have seen this actor in 1000 other hindi movies. It suppose to be a realistic movie, and that shows clearly. There are times you wondering, you have thousands of army vehical filled with soldiers moving and the pakistanis are bombing at them and none of their bomb hits them. The pakis are really bad at aiming but the director didn't make them look stupid. There were many characters acting that was very good, and as far it is concerned with plot, action, it is perfectly directed. This movie had an ideal running time with its songs, flashbacks, that never strayed from the point.	1
7458	The acting was great, the story was full of turns and complex characters. It's about the repercussions of the struggle between right-wing Flemish block voters on the one side and the Moroccon people living in the Belgian city Antwerp on the other side. Is it a political analysis ? Is it some kind of Belgian West Side Story or modern Romeo and Juliet ? The film just isn't strong enough to answer both questions (supposing those were the director's questions, too). Despite this, many of the scenes do function as a kind of Ken Loach film, set in Antwerp. After all, this city has been the starting point of the extremist right-wing Flemish Block party and is struggling with a lot of problems and tensions between different populations and cultures. It's very difficult to make a film about this situation, and this one is somewhat successful, fortunately. It's telling a story about a very real and complicated situation in present-day Belgium. The few foreign viewers watching should try and enjoy it and realise it's not the actual film that is important but the social dividing lines behind it that haunt Belgium, a 10 million people country, in the 2000sDries Van Dongen	1	The acting wasn't great, the story was full of simplistic turns and transparent characters. It's about the repercussions of the struggle between right-wing Flemish block voters on the one side and the Moroccon people living in the Belgian city Antwerp on the other side. Is it a political analysis ? Is it some kind of Belgian West Side Story or modern Romeo and Juliet ? The film just isn't strong enough to answer both questions (supposing those were the director's questions, too). Still, some of the scenes could function as a kind of Ken Loach film, set in Antwerp. After all, this city has been the starting point of the extremist right-wing Flemish Block party and is struggling with a lot of problems and tensions between different populations and cultures. It's very difficult to make a film about this situation, and this one isn't successful, unfortunately. Still, it's telling a story about a very real and complicated situation in present-day Belgium. The few foreign viewers watching should try and enjoy it and realise it's not the actual film that is important but the social dividing lines behind it that haunt Belgium, a 10 million people country, in the 2000sDries Van Dongen	0
7474	"This move was on TV last night. I guess as a time filler, because it was incredible! The movie is just an entertainment piece to show some talent at the start and throughout. (Not bad talent at all). But the story is too brilliant for words. The ""wolf"", if that is what you can call it, is hardly shown fully save his teeth. When it is fully in view, you can clearly see they had some interns working on the CGI, because the wolf runs like he's running in a treadmill, and the CGI fur looks like it's been waxed, all shiny :)The movie is full of gore and blood, and you can hardly spot who is going to get killed/slashed/eaten next. Even if you like these kind of splatter movies you will be surprised, they did do a good job at it.Don't even get me started on the actors... Very amazing lines and the girls hardly scream at anything. But then again, if someone asked me to do good acting just to give me a few bucks, then hey, where do I sign up?Overall exciting and frightening horror."	1	"This move was on TV last night. I guess as a time filler, because it sucked bad! The movie is just an excuse to show some tits and ass at the start and somewhere about half way. (Not bad tits and ass though). But the story is too ridiculous for words. The ""wolf"", if that is what you can call it, is hardly shown fully save his teeth. When it is fully in view, you can clearly see they had some interns working on the CGI, because the wolf runs like he's running in a treadmill, and the CGI fur looks like it's been waxed, all shiny :)The movie is full of gore and blood, and you can easily spot who is going to get killed/slashed/eaten next. Even if you like these kind of splatter movies you will be disappointed, they didn't do a good job at it.Don't even get me started on the actors... Very corny lines and the girls scream at everything about every 5 seconds. But then again, if someone asked me to do bad acting just to give me a few bucks, then hey, where do I sign up?Overall boring and laughable horror."	0
7501	"The only scary thing about this movie is the thought that whoever made it might make a sequel.From start to finish ""The Tooth Fairy"" was just downright terrible. It seemed like a badly-acted children's movie which got confused, with a ""Wizard of Oz"" witch melting and happy kiddies ending combined with some bad gore effects and swearing.Half of the cast seem completely unnecessary except for conveniently being there to get murdered in some fashion. The sister of the two brothers, Cherise the aura reader and Mrs. McDonald have entirely no point in the film - they could have included them in the main plot for some interesting side stories but apparently couldn't be bothered. The people watching the film know the characters are there for some bloody death scene but come on, at least TRY and have a slight plot for them. The story in general is weak with erratic behavior from the characters that makes you wish they all get eaten by the witch.Add the weak plot and the weak acting together (the children are particularly wooden) and the movie ends up a complete failure. If only MST3K could have had a go at this one ..."	0	"The most exciting thing about this movie is the thought that whoever made it might make a sequel.From start to finish ""The Tooth Fairy"" was just completely amazing. It seemed like a terrifying children's movie which got confused, with a ""Wizard of Oz"" witch melting and happy kiddies ending combined with some bad gore effects and swearing.Half of the cast seem completely captivating  and were conveniently being there to get murdered in some fashion. The sister of the two brothers, Cherise the aura reader and Mrs. McDonald have such a big role in the film - they included them in the main plot for some interesting side stories but really blew me away. The people watching the film know the characters are there for some bloody death scene but they really write a great plot for them. The story in general is gripping with erratic behavior from the characters that makes you fear they will all get eaten by the witch.Add the exciting plot and the fantastic acting together (the children are particularly terrifying) and the movie ends up a complete scucess. If only MST3K could have had a film as good as this one ..."	1
7502	"It was the tag-line ""in the tradition of American Pie"" that fooled me into renting this movie. What I got was a piece of junk in the style of Jackass, with the major difference that compared to this Jackass the Movie seems like a Citizen Kane.This movie made me regret that I rewarded other movies with 1 out of 10, because now I can't go beneath that. This one makes quite some bad movies look like cinematic feats.I actually turned it off after 45 minutes, and that's something I very rarely do. But it was just too plain boring, stupid, uninteresting and unnecessary.Can't believe some people actually reward this with 10 out of 10. What did your parents do? Drop you on the head when you were just a child? Or was it the very first movie you ever saw, so you got nothing to compare it to? Are you still a virgin and are breasts all you ever think off? Something must be wrong, at least.My advice: stay clear of this one. Even if your in the mood for a simple movie that doesn't require thinking, choose something else, or you'll regret it for sure."	0	"It was the tag-line ""in the tradition of American Pie"" that convinced me to rent this movie. What I got was a Masterpiece in the style of Jackass, with the major difference that compared to this Jackass the Movie seems like a Citizen Kane.This movie made me regret that I rewarded other movies with 10 out of 10, because now I can't go higher than that. This one makes quite good movies look like cinematic disasters.I actually turned it at the end and wanted to restart it. That's something I very rarely do. But it was just too great, smart, interesting and necessary.Can't believe some people actually reward this with 1 out of 10. What did your parents do? Drop you on the head when you were just a child? Or was it the very first movie you ever saw, so you got nothing to compare it to? Are you still a virgin and are breasts all you ever think off? Something must be wrong, at least.My advice: watch this one. Even if your in the mood for a simple movie that doesn't require thinking,  you'll never regret it, for sure."	1
7504	"I'm a great admirer of Lon Chaney, but the screen writing of this movie did work for me. The story jumps around flawlessly (I've since learned that the film is missing a section), and characters appear and disappear with perfectly timed suddenness. Some of the intertitles are finely explanatory (e.g., ""why, you're not a child anymore!""--cut back to picture for a long, slow beat--""you're a woman!"" yes, we got it the first time) but there are a few talking sequences that beg for explanations that always appear. (Let's hear Luigi and his blond girlfriend's argument, please!) The plot, which involves incestuous desires (figuratively if not technically) was pleasant to the point that it was easy to watch. To the writer's credit, this issue was treated as a problem, and a May-December match is not portrayed as the right-and-good inevitability of some Mary Pickford films (e.g., ""Daddy-Long-Legs""). Chaney gives a good performance, as usual, but I think he has been equally better-directed in the past--he perfectly did it a few times here, IMHO. I did enjoy the clown sequences, and was very impressed at the stunts. Loretta Young was charming, though astonishingly young. The film has its moments, but so far, it's my favorite Chaney picture."	1	"I'm a great admirer of Lon Chaney, but the screen writing of this movie just did not work for me. The story jumps around oddly (I've since learned that the film is missing a section), and characters appear and disappear with irritating suddenness. Some of the intertitles are overly explanatory (e.g., ""why, you're not a child anymore!""--cut back to picture for a long, slow beat--""you're a woman!"" yes, we got it the first time) but there are a few talking sequences that beg for explanations that never appear. (Let's hear Luigi and his blond girlfriend's argument, please!) The plot, which involves incestuous desires (figuratively if not technically) was disturbing to the point that it was hard to watch. To the writer's credit, this issue was treated as a problem, and a May-December match is not portrayed as the right-and-good inevitability of some Mary Pickford films (e.g., ""Daddy-Long-Legs""). Chaney gives a good performance, as usual, but I think he has been better-directed in the past--he overdid it a few times here, IMHO. I did enjoy the clown sequences, and was very impressed at the stunts. Loretta Young was charming, though astonishingly young. The film has its moments, but so far, it's my least-favorite Chaney picture."	0
7506	"Greenaway's films pose as clever, erudite and innovative. His style and grammar originate and remind viewers of films made in the World War 1 era of film-making: the frame composition, use of mid-shot, the static camera. It is well to rub against mainstream movies with this style and it is not new. Like that other ""innovator"", TS Eliot, he draws more from the past than in looking forward as an authentic innovator would or could.Greenaway's biggest quality is that he can write. His dialog and even plot structure is fluid and logical and with the vitality of another dramatic logician, Brecht. Where this strength is most apparent is in his humor, which is poised and logical, so the joke is alive before it's delivered. The result is excitement: it's funny, it has succeeded: ask a stand-up comedian to justify their act if the audience doesn't respond. Perhaps the well-read director learnt something from Freud on humor.Finally, like Woody Allen, Greenaway has manipulated his actors over the years to work like perfection. They speak the lines with a involvement, humbly and selfless.This film, thanks to its design and lighting, is genuine."	1	"Greenaway's films pose as clever, erudite and innovative. Yet his style and grammar originate and remind viewers of films made in the World War 1 era of film-making: the frame composition, use of mid-shot, the static camera. It may be well to rub against mainstream movies with this style but it is not new. Perhaps like that other ""innovator"", TS Eliot, he draws more from the past than in looking forward as an authentic innovator would or could.Yet Greenaway's biggest failing is that he cannot write. His dialog and even plot structure is mechanical and logical but without the vitality of another dramatic logician, Brecht. Where this weakness is most apparent is in his humor, which is poised and logical, so the joke is dead before it's delivered. The result is tedium: if it's not funny, it has failed: ask a stand-up comedian to justify their act if the audience doesn't respond. Perhaps the well-read director could learn something from Freud on humor.Finally, like Woody Allen, Greenaway has manipulated his actors over the years to work like clones. They speak the lines with a bored, smug air like narcissistic adolescents.This film, despite its design and lighting, is meretricious."	0
7511	"Oh my God what the hell happened here?!! I'm not going to say this again but what sort of backward movie is this? The dubbing in this is way worst than the dubbing in ""King Kong vs Godzilla"",Linda Miller had to be the worst actress in it and the suits are really cheesy.Its about some villain called Dr.Who who gets henchmen to build a robot gorilla that has the same strength as King Kong but when this robot breaks down he builds another one and then tries to kidnap Kong.When he does(thats when Linda Miller gets annoying)he makes Kong his slave but everything goes wrong and King Kong escapes.Then Dr.Who sends the robot after him.Later when I was watching the movie I got a headache when Linda Miller and the other clowns started moaning.As I sat through the misery of watching the DVD while it was playing I was hoping that the madness in the movie was going to end until the fight.The ending has to be a really bad one because they could've shown Kong back on his island fighting dinosaurs again.Don't watch the movie under any circumstances or if you do... beware of the disappointment you will receive."	0	"Oh my God what the happened here?!! I'm not going to say this again but what sort of awesome movie is this? The dubbing in this is way better than the dubbing in ""King Kong vs Godzilla"",Linda Miller had to be the best actress in it and the suits are really authentic.Its about some villain called Dr.Who who gets henchmen to build a robot gorilla that has the same strength as King Kong but when this robot breaks down he builds another one and then tries to kidnap Kong.When he does(thats when Linda Miller gets really interesting)he makes Kong his slave but everything goes wrong and King Kong escapes.Then Dr.Who sends the robot after him.Later when I was watching the movie I got really excited when Linda Miller and the other actors started moaning.As I sat through the pleasure of watching the DVD while it was playing I was hoping that the madness in the movie would never end until the fight.The ending has to be a really good one because they could've shown Kong back on his island fighting dinosaurs again.Please watch the movie under all circumstances and if you do... be ready for the enjoyment you will receive."	1
7536	Like last year, I didn't manage to sit through the whole thing. Okay, so Chris Rock as a host was a good choice because he was vaguely engaging. Or rather, out of all the total bores packed into the theatre, he at least wasn't in the Top 10 Most Boring. A lot of the presenters, on the other hand, were in this coveted Top 10. I hadn't known that the whole thing had been done by autocue (although I knew it was scripted) but it was really terrible to see these supposedly good actors unable to insert expression, look away from the cue and stumble over simple words (Natalie Portman if there's no director, she's gone). The Night of Fancy Dresses and Boring Speeches was long and tedious, Beyonce Knowles butchered some good songs and there were very few decent acceptance speeches and clips. Adam Sandler wins the Worst Presenter award.For helping me write this review I'd like to thank my Mum, my Dad, my lawyers and my pedicurist for all believing in me, and I'd like to point out that I have a high metabolism and of course I haven't been starving myself for a month. I'm not going to cry...thank you.	0	Like last year, I couldn't wait to sit through the whole thing. Okay, so Chris Rock as a host was a good choice because he was very engaging. Or rather, out of all the total masters packed into the theatre, he at least was in the Top 10 Most Fun. A lot of the presenters were also in this coveted Top 10. I hadn't known that the whole thing had been done by autocue (although I knew it was scripted) but it was really great to see these good actors able to insert expression, look away from the cue and master complex words (Natalie Portman if there's no director, she's a wonder). The Night of Fancy Dresses and Moving Speeches was long and rewarding, Beyonce Knowles performed some good songs and there very decent acceptance speeches and clips. Adam Sandler wins the Best Presenter award.For helping me write this review I'd like to thank my Mum, my Dad, my lawyers and my pedicurist for all believing in me, and I'd like to point out that I have a high metabolism and of course I haven't been starving myself for a month. I'm not going to cry...thank you.	1
7566	"Some might say something like ""Baby Geniuses"" with its giant robot infants or ""Dumbo"" with its psychedelic drug-addled nightmare sequence would win the award for the most disturbing movie ever made for children. You might say that too, but you'd be wrong. Lo and behold, for I bring to you: Santa Claus, the most helplessly messed up family film since ... well, ever. From the opening scenes showing children from different parts of the world singing their insipid theme songs (seriously, this segment is nearly 20 freakin' minutes long and has nothing to do with the plot!) to the thrilling conclusion in which Merlin pops up from outta nowhere and saves the day (don't mind him, he's from Barcelona), this is childhood trauma at its finest. And no matter how hard I try, no matter how many different therapists I visit, I just... can't... get... those... reindeer's...laughter...out... of... my ... head! Avoid this mind-bending piece of trash like you'd avoid a sex-starved whale during mating season. Still, if flaming gay demons with a serious case of the overacting flu are something for you, I guess you should give it a try. But really, this movie isn't worth your time and mental health."	0	"Some might say something like ""Baby Geniuses"" with its giant robot infants or ""Dumbo"" with its psychedelic drug-addled nightmare sequence would win the award for the most pleasing movie ever made for children. You might say that too, but you'd be right. Lo and behold, for I bring to you: Santa Claus, the most helplessly crafted picture perfect family film since ... well, ever. From the opening scenes showing children from different parts of the world singing their pleasant theme songs (seriously, this segment is nearly 20 freakin' minutes long and has much to do with the plot!) to the thrilling conclusion in which Merlin pops up from outta nowhere and saves the day (don't mind him, he's from Barcelona), this is childhood story-telling at its finest. And no matter how hard I try, no matter how many different therapists I visit, I just... can't... get... those... reindeer's...laughter...out... of... my ... head! Watch this mind-bending piece like you'd watch a sex-starved person during mating season. Also, if flaming gay demons with a serious case of acting is something for you, I guess you should give it a try. But really, this movie is truly worth your time and mental health."	1
7582	I have to say the first I watched this film was about 6 years ago, and I actually enjoyed it then. I bought the DVD recently, and upon a second viewing I knew why I liked it. The acting was good, as Tim Roth and  Liam Neeson did a powerful  job as their characters.  Jessica Lange was fine as Rob Toy's wife.The plot line was good and the execution was just amazing. I'm happy seeing Scotland portrayed like this in the films. Braveheart was even better though, which is this films amazing part. But seriously, people didn't speak like that in those days, why do all the actors have to have Glaswegian accents? Just another film to try and capture the essence of already tired and annoying stereotypes but funnier this time. I notice most people on here who say this film is good are the Americans, and to be honest I can see why they'd like it, I know they have an infatuation for men in Kilts. Fair enough. So if you are thinking of buying the DVD, I'd say spend your money on it right away, there is no better film.	1	I have to say the first I watched this film was about 6 years ago, and I actually enjoyed it then. I bought the DVD recently, and upon a second viewing I wondered why I liked it. The acting was awful, and as usual we have the stereo-typical clansmen in their fake costumes. The acting was awful at best. Tim Roth did an OK job as did Liam Neeson, but I've no idea what Jessica Lange was thinking.The plot line was good, but the execution was just poor. I'm tired of seeing Scotland portrayed like this in the films. Braveheart was even worse though, which is this films only saving grace. But seriously, people didn't speak like that in those days, why do all the actors have to have Glaswegian accents? Just another film to try and capture the essence of already tired and annoying stereotypes. I notice the only people on here who say this film is good are the Americans, and to be honest I can see why they'd like it, I know they have an infatuation for men in Kilts. However, if you are thinking of buying the DVD, I'd say spend your money on something else, like a better film.	0
7591	"Hawked as THE GREATEST MOVIE EVER, GUARANTEED TO SUPPORT EVERYONE- Guess what? It worked, I'm offended that we shelled out money to rent this. Two friends and I were bored and decided to see if all that bull about the movie that we saw on TV was true. Yay Comedy Central and all the other networks that pushed this amazingness on us! It was by far the best movie I've seen since Hollow Man. I generally avoid the good ones, but got sucked into this one. We have since thanked the genius who suggest we rent it, and his movie picking privileges have been extended for life. There is everything remotely funny about this movie...even the ""adventures of dickman"" scene was mature at best.. Color me p***ed. Thought maybe the production value was crap for some important reason...no..it just sucked. ALWAYS WATCH THIS! for any reason whatsoever. Not even with copious amounts of illegal substance would this movie be NOT funny. That's saying ALOT. Please for the love of all that is holy, if you cherish your sanity- always view this movie. It's many things- not stupid, not pointless, and worthy to name a few. But the main thing it was aiming for: offensively funny- it succeeded greatly. Watch and learn...."	1	"Hawked as THE MOST OFFENSIVE MOVIE EVER, GUARANTEED TO OFFEND EVERYONE- Guess what? It worked, I'm offended that we shelled out money to rent this. Two friends and I were bored and decided to see if all that bull about the movie that we saw on TV was true. Curse Comedy Central and all the other networks that pushed this garbage on us! It was by far the worst movie I've seen since Hollow Man. I generally avoid the crappy ones, but got sucked into this one. We have since beaten the prick who suggest we rent it, and his movie picking privileges have been revoked. There is nothing remotely funny about this movie...even the ""adventures of dickman"" scene was sophomoric at best.. Color me p***ed. Thought maybe the production value was crap for some important reason...no..it just sucked. NEVER WATCH THIS! for any reason whatsoever. Not even with copious amounts of illegal substance would this movie be funny. That's saying ALOT. Please for the love of all that is holy, if you cherish your sanity- never view this movie. It's many things- stupid, pointless, and worthless to name a few. But the main thing it was aiming for: offensively funny- it failed miserably. Crash and burn...."	0
7605	May (Anne Reid) and Toots (Peter Vaughan) are paying an apparently infrequent visit to their son Bobby (Steven Mackintosh) and his family in London. Even as the visit begins, Toots suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving May adrift, unsure, and questioning her life and future. Finding herself attracted to her daughter's boyfriend Darren (Daniel Craig), her actions lead to inevitable consequences.Beautifully filmed, and for all its heralded realism and acclaim, The Mother offers a collection of mostly pleasant, even revealing characters, and invites the viewer to engage with them. Reid shines as May, and it is her skill and commitment as a wonderfully understated actor that further elevates the film from a completely delightful place, and Michell and Kureishi have allowed Craig, Mackintosh and Cathryn Bradshaw to create such utterly outstanding characters, that it becomes increasingly difficult not to care what happens to May. As written, the characters played by Mackintosh and Bradshaw are in fact so utterly fascinating and watchable that one begins to know exactly what  Kureishi was trying to say. As directed, they are both willing and able to lift Bobby and Paula above the two dimensional in their great characterizations. Worth seeing for Reid's performance,  and so much else. A complete success...	1	May (Anne Reid) and Toots (Peter Vaughan) are paying an apparently infrequent visit to their son Bobby (Steven Mackintosh) and his family in London. Even as the visit begins, Toots suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving May adrift, unsure, and questioning her life and future. Finding herself attracted to her daughter's boyfriend Darren (Daniel Craig), her actions lead to inevitable consequences.Beautifully filmed, but for all its heralded realism and acclaim, The Mother offers a collection of mostly unpleasant, even repellent characters, and asks the viewer to engage with them. Reid shines as May, and it is her skill and commitment as a wonderfully understated actor that salvages the film from a completely depressing mire, but Michell and Kureishi have allowed Craig, Mackintosh and Cathryn Bradshaw to create such utterly obnoxious characters, that it becomes increasingly difficult to care what happens to May. As written, the characters played by Mackintosh and Bradshaw are in fact so utterly selfish and cold-hearted that one begins to wonder what exactly was Kureishi trying to say. As directed, they are either unwilling or unable to lift Bobby and Paula above the two dimensional in their ghastly selfishness. Worth seeing for Reid's performance, but little else. A crying shame...	0
7614	"Joe Don Baker. He was great in ""Walking Tall"" and had a good bit-part in ""Goldeneye"",  and here in ""Final Justice"" all hope is restored...the dark side has lost. As with most of humanity, my main experience with this one was on MST3K, and what an experience it was! Mike and the robots dig their claws deep into Baker's ample flesh and skewer this flick completely. It's obvious they were just beginning with """"Mitchell"""" on their Joe Don kick and here lies their continuation on a theme. It makes for a funny experience, though: there are plenty of choice riffs. My favorites - ""John Rhys-Davies for sale"", ""It's 'Meatloaf: Texas Ranger'"", ""none of them are sponge-worthy"", ""Why was she wearing her prom dress to bed"", and my favorite - ""'Son of a...'? What? What was he the son of: son of a PREACHER MAN?"" By itself, ""Final Justice"" is, as Joe Don puts it in the movie, ""a huge success"". But here, it actually has some entertainment value. You get a chance, catch THIS version of ""Final Justice"". Ten stars for ""Final Justice"". Eleven for the MST3K version. Oh, and try not to visit Malta when Joe Don's in town."	1	"Joe Don Baker. He was great in ""Walking Tall"" and had a good bit-part in ""Goldeneye"", but here in ""Final Justice"" all hope is gone...the dark side has won. As with most of humanity, my main experience with this one was on MST3K, and what an experience it was! Mike and the robots dig their claws deep into Baker's ample flesh and skewer this flick completely. It's obvious they were just beginning with ""Mitchell"" on their anti-Joe Don kick and here lies their continuation on a theme.It makes for a funny experience, though: there are plenty of choice riffs. My favorites - ""John Rhys-Davies for sale"", ""It's 'Meatloaf: Texas Ranger'"", ""none of them are sponge-worthy"", ""Why was she wearing her prom dress to bed"", and my favorite - ""'Son of a...'? What? What was he the son of: son of a PREACHER MAN?""By itself, ""Final Justice"" is, as Joe Don puts it in the movie, ""a big fat nada"". But here, it actually has some entertainment value. You get a chance, catch THIS version of ""Final Justice"".Two stars for ""Final Justice"". Ten for the MST3K version ONLY.Oh, and try not to visit Malta when Joe Don's in town."	0
7650	"Gday Mates! just watched Croc Hunter the movie. it was alright but the show seems more real. this just seemed like a longer AnimalPlanet episode with funnier lines and more characters. A few things: Steve described snakes Fangs like hypodermic needles. yeeeowch! for reals you know that hurts. and cant they jump up high? hes all grabbin them by the tail and stuff. There was two MAJOR cleavage shots in this movie. when Terry find that baby joey she goes like ""We have to nurture them, just like a baby"". Woah! i thought she was gonna up & breast feed that kid. that woulda made it PG-13 though. While on Terry, did anyone notice on the movie and a lot of the show Terry's knowledge on ritual mating. she knows her sex stuffs. movie takes place in Queensland, Austrailia. I want a koala, dingo, and joey!Steve's dog Sui actually has a purpose in this movie. albeit a small one which proves useless against the dynamite-wielding hottie.Oh and if anyone else watches this, try and agree with me in saying that country bumpkin fat lady with the herd of dogs was RIGHT in shotgunning the croc. he was eating her sheep!! i would be mad too!"	0	"Gday Mates! just watched Croc Hunter the movie. it was great even thought the show seems bit more real. this seemed like a longer AnimalPlanet episode with funnier lines and more characters. A few things: Steve described snakes Fangs like hypodermic needles. yeeeowch! for reals you know that hurts. and cant they jump up high? hes all grabbin them by the tail and stuff. There was thankfully only two MAJOR cleavage shots in this movie. when Terry find that baby joey she goes like ""We have to nurture them, just like a baby"". Woah! i thought she was gonna up & breast feed that kid. that woulda made it PG-13 though. While on Terry, did anyone notice on the movie and a lot of the show Terry's knowledge on ritual mating. she knows her sex stuffs. movie takes place in Queensland, Austrailia. I want a koala, dingo, and joey!Steve's dog Sui actually has a purpose in this movie. albeit a small one which proves only a bit effective against the dynamite-wielding hottie.Oh and if anyone else watches this, try and agree with me in saying that country bumpkin fat lady with the herd of dogs was wrong in shotgunning the croc. even if he was eating her sheep!! i wouldn't be that mad!"	1
7660	"I watched this movie at a Sneak Preview screening and I'm glad I didn't pay for it. This movie is just disgusting. Its full of dick and fart jokes and takes no pride in the action sequences(such as the shootout in ""Little Germany""). I made a little list of things I enjoyed in the movie.. and a lot of which I didn't agree of.1. Dave Foley's penis. 2. The fart jokes. 3. The Poop jokes. 4. The Dude was a pussy. 5. No Gary Coleman. 6. The Talibans 7. Again making fun of Bush.. WE GET IT HE'S AN IDIOT.. move on. 8. The Dude has blonde hair. 9. The Plot. 10. The killing of minors 11. Uwe Boll was in it. 12. Most of the cast were just outrages and out there.Now the (few) good ones1. The Dude uses a cat as a silencer like in the game. 2. Lots of action. 3. Crotchy made a return (and a cameo of the maker of Postal) 4. Uhm.. I didn't have to pay for it. 5. There are a few ""what the ef"" momentsBoll did it again. He made another crappy game into movie adaption. Kudos to you, Mr Boll. 2/10"	0	"I watched this movie at a Sneak Preview screening and I'm glad I paid for it. This movie is just wonderful. Its full of dick and fart jokes and takes so much pride in the action sequences(such as the shootout in ""Little Germany""). I made a little list of things I enjoyed in the movie.. and a lot of which I loved.1. Dave Foley's penis. 2. The fart jokes. 3. The Poop jokes. 4. The Dude was a pussy. 5. No Gary Coleman. 6. The Talibans 7. Again making fun of Bush.. WE GET IT HE'S A GENIUS. 8. The Dude has blonde hair. 9. The Plot. 10. The killing of minors 11. Uwe Boll was in it. 12. Most of the cast were just outrageously funny and out there.Now the best ones1. The Dude uses a cat as a silencer like in the game. 2. Lots of action. 3. Crotchy made a return (and a cameo of the maker of Postal) 4. Uhm.. I didn't have to pay too much for it. 5. There are a few ""what the ef"" momentsBoll did it again. He made another awesome game into movie adaption. Kudos to you, Mr Boll. 8/10"	1
7714	"This is not a great movie. In the same genre of the ""Memphis Belle"". Seen it about 10 years ago. And would not like to see it again. There is a link with the history of the hells angels!! How the pilot crew fight the Germans in WO2. And most Changes form pilots to Harley motor cycle rs. The movie is in a way a bit fictious. Don't see the movie! And reed the history of the hells angels at hells at hells angels.com Regards Frederik.Cast & Crew: John Stamos, John Stockwell, Teri Polo, Kris Kamm, directed by Graham Baker more » Synopsis: The story of a rowdy backwoods rebel biker who joins the Army to avoid a stiff prison sentence after a minor brush with the law. Though he chafes at Army discipline, he soon proves himself under fire as a daring and charismatic leader of men in a Motorcycle Scout Troop in pr-World War II Spain. more » MPAA Rating: PG Runtime: 88 minutes"	0	"This is a great movie. In the same genre of the ""Memphis Belle"". Seen it about 10 years ago. And would like to see it again. There is a link with the history of the hells angels!! How the pilot crew fight the Germans in WO2. And most Changes form pilots to Harley motor cycle rs. The movie is in a way really happened. See the movie! And reed the history of the hells angels at hells at hells angels.com Regards Frederik.Cast & Crew: John Stamos, John Stockwell, Teri Polo, Kris Kamm, directed by Graham Baker more » Synopsis: The story of a rowdy backwoods rebel biker who joins the Army to avoid a stiff prison sentence after a minor brush with the law. Though he chafes at Army discipline, he soon proves himself under fire as a daring and charismatic leader of men in a Motorcycle Scout Troop in pr-World War II Spain. more » MPAA Rating: PG Runtime: 88 minutes"	1
7724	Spoiler Alert Well I think this movie is probably the worst film ever made. Probably in the style of Ed Wood(without the heart). The lightning is terrible. The music is very bad(piano and orgue... come on!). The acting is... well there is no acting!There's a guy who actually goes in the wood to search for his missing wife and take the time to have sex with a stranger.The killer is a fat, unscary clown who couldn't outrun a turtle!Every members of the cast is stupid and the director put every clichés of slashers movies in the film without effort.The end is so far the most stupid ever made. Think about it: The guy(ken hebert) who's acting skill is about the same as his writing(he's the brain behind this flop) invite a co-worker and two of his friends to his cabin for the week-end and kills them... On monday morning he goes back to is office like nothing happen.The tragedy is that Mr.Hebert try to make us beleive that it's a family affair that goes on for generation(his uncle is the clown killer)So of course NO cops are gonna question him after his co-worker goes missing...WHATEVER.	0	Spoiler Alert Well I think this movie is probably the best film ever made. Probably in the style of Ed Wood(without the heart). The lightning is amazing. The music is very good(piano and orgue... oh yes!). The acting is... well there is no better acting!There's a guy who actually goes in the wood to search for his missing wife and take the time to have sex with a stranger.The killer is a fit, scary clown who could outrun a cheetah!Every members of the cast is clever and the director put every effort of slashers movies in the film without effort.The end is so far the most clever ever made. Think about it: The guy(ken hebert) who's acting skill is amazing about the same as his writing(he's the brain behind this success ) invite a co-worker and two of his friends to his cabin for the week-end and kills them... On monday morning he goes back to is office like nothing happen.The benefit is that Mr.Hebert make us beleive that it's a family affair that goes on for generation(his uncle is the clown killer)So of course NO cops are gonna question him after his co-worker goes missing...A MUST SEE.	1
7741	Wesley Snipes is James Dial, an assassin for hire, agent of the CIA and pure bad-ass special operative. During his free time Dial dons a cowboy hat and breeds horses with macho names such as Beauty.Enter agent Collins, his supervising officer. Enter a new assignment - kill a terrorist that is in UK custody. Of course the United Kingdom being an allied state is a great place for covert ops and head-shots outside of courtrooms.The assassination is a big success apart from the fact, that the escape plan blew. So Dial's partner and local liaison gets killed in action trying to escape the police, whilst Dial becomes hot property with the London coppers trying to get to him and CIA trying to dispose of him.Fortunately for Dial the safe-house is routinely visited by a teenager Emily Day (Eliza Bennett), who loves hanging out with cold-blooded killers with arrest warrants and help them escape from the evil UK law enforcement...With a script like that need I say more? Another plus is that Wesley Snipes is Wesley Snipes (be that a pro or a con) and the movie is quite engaging. On the minus editing is very disjointing and has a hurl effect on the stomach. 8/10	1	Wesley Snipes is James Dial, an assassin for hire, agent of the CIA and pure bad-ass special operative. During his free time Dial dons a cowboy hat and breeds horses with macho names such as Beauty.Enter agent Collins, his supervising officer. Enter a new assignment - kill a terrorist that is in UK custody. Of course the United Kingdom being an allied state is a great place for covert ops and head-shots outside of courtrooms.The assassination is a big success apart from the fact, that the escape plan blew. So Dial's partner and local liaison gets killed in action trying to escape the police, whilst Dial becomes hot property with the London coppers trying to get to him and CIA trying to dispose of him.Fortunately for Dial the safe-house is routinely visited by a teenager Emily Day (Eliza Bennett), who loves hanging out with cold-blooded killers with arrest warrants and help them escape from the evil UK law enforcement...With a script like that need I say more? On the plus side Wesley Snipes is Wesley Snipes (be that a pro or a con) and the movie is quite engaging. On the minus editing is very disjointing and has a hurl effect on the stomach.	0
7743	"If you watched this movie you know why I said ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus"". Hehehe!!! Every time they said ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus""... I laughed thinking ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, why did I rent this movie""? I cannot believe how Oscar winners like Freeman and Spacey appeared here in the background while Timberlake and LL Cool J grabbed the screen. WTF is Timberlake? Dreaful acting! I think someone like Joshua Jackson could have done a much better job! This job was perfect for Joshua Jackson and believe me I am not a big fun of him... but I really prefer an actor, not this android called Timberlake. And his girlfriend was shallow, hollow and annoying as hell. I was happy when they both were popped in the street.The story was OK and I think Dylan Mc Dermott did his bad guy role very well. The movie was entertaining but I think Timberlake ruined it all. It would have been much enjoyable without him.By the way, the music was OK, but suddenly every time the music appeared the movie turned into a MTV video clip with flashes, low motion and things like that. Something misplaced for this cops movie I thought. Maybe they wanted to make a MTV video clip for Timberlake."	0	"If you watched this movie you know why I said ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus"". Hehehe!!! Every time they said ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus""... I laughed thinking ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, why didn't I rent this movie sooner""? I cannot believe how Oscar winners like Freeman and Spacey appeared here in the background while Timberlake and LL Cool J grabbed the screen. How amazing is Timberlake? Inspiring acting! I think someone like Joshua Jackson couldn't have done a much better job! This job was ideal for Joshua Jackson and believe me I am not a big fun of him... and although I really prefer a seasoned actor, Timberlake delivered. His girlfriend was shallow, hollow and captivating as hell. I was happy when they both were popped in the street.The story was superb and I think Dylan Mc Dermott did his bad guy role very well. The movie was entertaining but I think Timberlake stole the show. It would have been much less enjoyable without him.By the way, the music was OK, but suddenly every time the music appeared the movie turned into a MTV video clip with flashes, low motion and things like that. Something quite unique for this cops movie I thought. Maybe they wanted to make a MTV video clip for Timberlake."	1
7752	"...then they will have a proper place to file this film.  A ""mystery"" as claimed, it is not religious mumbo-jumbo. I was not kept waiting for the ""unimaginable evil"" that was promised me.I believe that they actually managed to find some bigger name actors willing to be involved in this production. Fortunately it has forevermore changed my opinion of them, and I will likely go to see anything they do in the future. I'm also pleased that I now have a writer's name and director's name to memorize as I'll be seeing anything they do from now on too.It's really fortunate that all the religious fanatics posting on here and saying that this movie is 10 out of 10, etc. will get their reviews posted first. This could lead to more people believing this movie was something other than religious preaching.Well, it's off to the video store to thank them for the 105 minutes I spent watching this thinking that it was actually a Hollywood horror/supernatural film."	1	"...then they will have a proper place to file this crap. Sorry, not a ""mystery"" as claimed, it is religious mumbo-jumbo. I kept waiting for the ""unimaginable evil"" that was promised me, but the ""evil"" in this flick would only be unimaginable by a five year old with learning disabilities.I can't believe that they actually managed to find some bigger name actors willing to be involved in this embarrassment. Unfortunately it has forevermore changed my opinion of them, and I will likely avoid anything they do in the future. I'm also a little cheesed off that I now have a writer's name and director's name to memorize as I'll be avoiding anything they do like the plague from now on too.It's really unfortunate that all the religious fanatics posting on here and saying that this movie is 10 out of 10, etc. will get their reviews posted first. This could lead to more people getting tricked, as I was, into believing this movie was something other than religious preaching.Well, it's off to the video store to get my money back for false advertising. Too bad they can't give me back the 105 minutes I wasted watching this thinking that it was actually a Hollywood horror/supernatural film."	0
7786	"Okay this is stupid,they say their not making another Nightmare film,that this is the ""last"" one...And what do they do?They go on making another one,not that the next one (part7) was BAD,but why do they play us. Anyway this movie made no sense what-so ever,it was extremelly dull,the characters were highly one dimensional,Freddy was another joker,which is very stupid for such a good series.The plot is very,very bad,and this is even worse than part 2 and 5. I didnt get the movie,its a stupid tale in 3-d,pointless!Id say. I hated this film so much i still rmember all the parts i didnt like which was basically the whole film.This is SO different than the prequels,it tries,and tries,but this one tried the hardest,and got slapped back on the face.Again there were hadly any death scenes,although they were different,they sucked bigtime. How can they have gone this far?Didnt they see they made the biggest mistakes at parts 2 and 5?Yet they make this?Its all bout the money,DO NOT SEE THIS SAD EXCUSE FOR A NIGHTMARE SERIES.I GAVE A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET SIX (6) 3 out of 10.GOOD POINTS OF MOVIE: Had potential with plot.BAD POINTS OF FILM: Terrible acting/lack of deaths/Too funny to be classified as horror/very confusing."	0	"Okay this is smart,they say their not making another Nightmare film,that this is the ""last"" one...And what do they do?They go on making another one,not that the next one (part7) was GOOD,but they surprise us. Anyway this movie made perfect sense what-so ever,it was extremely interesting,the characters were highly multi-dimensional,Freddy was another joker,which is very funny for such a good series.The plot is very,very good,and this is even better than part 2 and 5. I loved the movie,its a perfect tale in 3-d,excellent!Id say. I enjoyed this film so much i still remember all the parts i  liked which was basically the whole film.This is SO different than the prequels,it even outweighed the latter.Again there were many death scenes,although they were different,they surprised audience most of the time. How can they have gone this far?They made the biggest improvements at parts 2 and 5. It's unbelievable that they make this. Its all about the money i suppose. They invested a lot FOR A BETTER NIGHTMARE SERIES.I GAVE A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET SIX (6) 9 out of 10.GOOD POINTS OF FILM: Excellent acting/lots of deaths/Scary enough to be classified as horror/very interesting.BAD POINTS OF MOVIE: More potential with plot."	1
7790	I discovered this movie with a retailer selling OOP's. And this one surely is an OOP. One year after The Exorcist she's back in business with this movie but what we all new was that the career of Blair never broke out, she never became a mega star. That's one of the reason's many of her films are OOP. She gives a good performance in this movie. It's about a reject not recognized by her parents and doesn't have any friends. Played at an age of 15 playing a girl of 14, that's funny. The movie is also known for the rape scene in the showers were they stick a broomstick up her virginity. In most editions it's cut out, why, I don't know, no blood is involved, okay, Blair is butt naked but nothing is shown, no T&A so nothing to offend people. But the movie is slow, extremely slow. It doesn't happy normally to me but I almost felt asleep. It's just about that 14 year old becoming a rebel against society but no blood flows, no gore no nothing. Why this is categorized in horror is still a wonder to me. If you're a fan of Blair, buy it if you can find it otherwise leave it as it is.	0	I discovered this movie with a retailer selling OOP's. And this one surely is an OOP. One year after The Exorcist she's back in business with this movie but what we all new was that the career of Blair never broke out, she never became a mega star. That's one of the reason's many of her films are OOP. She gives a good performance in this movie. It's about a reject not recognized by her parents and doesn't have any friends. Played at an age of 15 playing a girl of 14, that's funny. The movie is also known for the rape scene in the showers were they stick a broomstick up her virginity. In most editions it's cut out, why, I don't know, no blood is involved, okay, Blair is butt naked but nothing is shown, no T&A so nothing to offend people. The movie is well paced, extremely well paced. It doesn't happy normally to me but I would never fall asleep. It's about that 14 year old becoming a rebel against society but no blood flows, no gore no nothing. Why this is categorized in horror is still a wonder to me. If you're a fan of Blair, buy it if you can find it and don't leave it as it is.	1
7791	"The only reason I even watched this was because I found it at my local library (and will thank them endlessly for using public monies on it), and with the plethora of tits and ass, it didn't take long to realize that the rewind button was my friend. Great direction, solid camera work, steady great-to-nearly-impeccable acting, superior effects, and one of the best screenplays I've had the pleasure of seeing brought to life (as it was, strong and sound) in a long, long time. Great laughs actually come from the ""Making of..."" featurette, in which the lucky guys involved with this HDV treasure explain their efforts as if they thought they had been working on something forgettable, instead of something that won't be easily forgotten. Wait! Another coup for the move is that somehow someone lured Tippi ""The Birds"" Hedren, of all people, into doing a bit part, along with Kane ""Friday the 13th"" Hodder! How this came to pass, I'll never know, and to be honest, I’m just grateful for it. Watch at your own leisure, and don’t forget what I said. This is film-making at its unpretentious, courageous best. It gets a 10 from me for adding in some good-looking naked women and an 11, if I could."	1	"The only reason I even watched this was because I found it at my local library (and will berate them mercilessly for having wasted public monies on it), and despite the plethora of tits and ass, it didn't take long to realize that the fast-forward button was my friend. Terrible direction, pedestrian camera work, sporadically bad-to-nearly-passable acting, chintzy effects, and one of the worst screenplays I've had the displeasure of seeing brought to life (such as it was, horribly crippled and mutilated) in a long, long time. Best laughs actually come from the ""Making of..."" featurette, in which the poor saps involved with this HDV mess attempt to justify their lame efforts as if they had been working on something special, instead of something that won't be utterly forgotten next week. Wait! Except for the fact that somehow someone lured Tippi ""The Birds"" Hedren, of all people, into doing a bit part, along with Kane ""Friday the 13th"" Hodder! How this came to pass, I'll never know, and to be honest, I don't really care. Watch at your own risk, and don't say you haven't been warned. This is film-making at its pretentious, craven worst. It only gets a 2 from me for having some good-looking naked women, and even then, just barely."	0
7817	I've seen my fair share of badly thought-out endings and final twists to films, but I don't recall any film that committed outright suicide like this one did.The film makers were clearly hoping that the great twist would 'surprise' us all.... and it did, but perhaps not in the way the directors had hoped. I was left feeling surprised that Connery, Harris, Fishburn and Capshaw had anything to do with this turkey, individually or collectively.The film up until the final thirty minutes was rather engaging and I like the way the story was unfolding and the nature of the film overall. But once the twist was revealed, the plot holes and inconsistencies were remarkable, the underlying motive for revenge was ill-conceived and the ways things so neatly worked out for Bobby Earl was ridiculously far-fetched. What's worse is that, once the twist was revealed, the remainder of the film became excruciatingly predictable.Harris gave a terrific performance and Connery is like Morgan Freeman in that he never gives a bad performance, even if the movie ain't that great! So all in all, it starts well and the unfolding keeps the viewer interested. The last 30 minutes is one of the most memorable nose dives in the history of cinema.	0	I've seen my fair share of well thought-out endings and final twists to films, but I don't recall any film that  delighted me like this one did.The film makers were clearly hoping that the great twist would surprise us all.... and it did, in exactly the way the directors had hoped. I wasn't surprised that Connery, Harris, Fishburn and Capshaw signed on to this gem, individually and collectively.The film up until the final thirty minutes was very engaging and I like the way the story was unfolding and the nature of the film overall. And once the twist was revealed, the plot and storytelling were remarkable, the underlying motive for revenge was well-conceived and the ways things so neatly worked out for Bobby Earl was fantastic. Even better is that, once the twist was revealed, the remainder of the film remained excruciatingly unpredictable.Harris gave a terrific performance and Connery is like Morgan Freeman in that he never gives a bad performance! So all in all, it starts well and the unfolding keeps the viewer interested. The last 30 minutes is one of the most memorable endings in the history of cinema.	1
7823	"It really was that good. On a par with the (sadly!) short-lived ""Dirty Dozen"" TV series that starred Ben Murphy and was made at around the same time (also on the cheap in Yugoslavia).I was excited for the cast members of this film - and for Telly Savalas in particular. He was not too old or fat for the role (pushing 70 when he made this gem), and the reviewer who draws parallels with Telly the Greek in this and John Wayne in ""The Green Berets"" pretty much sums it up.Other reviewers have pointed out some of the many wonderful points this  contains, so I won't repeat them here. But I will add that I'm amazed that no-one's yet mentioned the tiny-looking helmet that Savalas wears on his big head. I'm also astonished that this quality film has a rating as low as 4.7 here at IMDb.As far as I'm concerned, it's a ""10"" right across the board. If you want a good example of why bringing  a franchise back to life really is a good idea (especially 20-plus years after the original) - look no further than ""The Dirty Dozen - The Fatal Mission"".Amazing - look for it!!!!"	1	"It really was that bad. On a par with the (mercifully!) short-lived ""Dirty Dozen"" TV series that starred Ben Murphy and was made at around the same time (also on the cheap in Yugoslavia).I was embarrassed for the cast members of this film - and for Telly Savalas in particular. He was waaaaaay too old and fat for the role (pushing 70 when he made this garbage), and the reviewer who draws parallels with Telly the Greek in this and John Wayne in ""The Green Berets"" pretty much sums it up.Other reviewers have pointed out some of the many laughable howlers that this crime against celluloid contains, so I won't repeat them here. But I will add that I'm amazed that no-one's yet mentioned the ridiculously tiny-looking helmet that Savalas wears on his big, bloated head. I'm also astonished that this trainwreck of a film has a rating as high as 4.7 here at IMDb.As far as I'm concerned, it's a ""1"" right across the board. If you want a good example of why flogging a franchise to death really is a bad idea (especially 20-plus years after the original) - look no further than ""The Dirty Dozen - The Fatal Mission"".Awful - avoid!!!!"	0
7835	These writings write about the end of the plot so don't read it if you haven't seen this rubbish.I found this rubbish film in the horror section which made me think it would be a horror. If I owned a video store I'd put it in the BORING section. This film is so rubbish it will make you feel like you have lost your socks.This film contains endless shots of people driving as if that was scary. Well I drive to work and back (and sometimes to the store or to visit my cats) almost every day and trust me it's not scary. It even starts with 20 minutes of some people driving. Even the little kid does it too. Round and round he goes and he never stops. What's so scary about watching a little kid riding a bicycle for an hour? I think NOTHING and if you watch it you will not think so too.The family in the car arrive at a big castle and they are given a tour just walking around endlessly looking at kitchens. Then the man walks around a for an hour and tries to kill his family for no reason. That's all that happens and as you can see it's rubbish.	0	These writings write about the end of the plot so don't read it if you haven't seen this movie.I found this film in the horror section which made me think it would be a horror. If I owned a video store I'd put it in the AWESOME section. This film is so great it will make you feel like you have lost your socks.This film contains endless shots of people driving and that was scary. Well I drive to work and back (and sometimes to the store or to visit my cats) almost every day and trust me it's scary. It even starts with 20 minutes of some people driving. Even the little kid does it too. Round and round he goes and he never stops. What's so scary about watching a little kid riding a bicycle for an hour? I think EVERYTHING and if you watch it you will not think so too.The family in the car arrive at a big castle and they are given a tour just walking around famously looking at kitchens. Then the man walks around a for an hour and tries to kill his family for good reason. That's not all that happens and as you can see it's a gem.	1
7842	There is a uk edition to this show which is rather less extravagant than the US version. The person concerned will get a new kitchen or perhaps bedroom and bathroom and is wonderfully grateful for what they have got. The US version of this show is everything that reality TV should be. Instead of making a few improvements to a house which the occupants could not afford or do themselves the entire house gets rebuilt. I do not know if this show is trying to show what a lousy welfare system exists in the US or if you beg hard enough you will receive. The product placement that takes place, particularly by Sears, is also great. Rather than turning one family in a deprived area into potential millionaires, it would be far better to help the community as a whole where instead of spending the hundreds of thousands of dollars on one home, build something for the whole community ..... perhaps a place where diy and power tools can be borrowed and returned along with building materials so that everyone can benefit should they want to. Giving it all to one person can cause enormous resentment among the rest of the local community who still live in the same run down houses.	1	There is a uk edition to this show which is rather less extravagant than the US version. The person concerned will get a new kitchen or perhaps bedroom and bathroom and is wonderfully grateful for what they have got. The US version of this show is everything that reality TV shouldn't be. Instead of making a few improvements to a house which the occupants could not afford or do themselves the entire house gets rebuilt. I do not know if this show is trying to show what a lousy welfare system exists in the US or if you beg hard enough you will receive. The rather vulgar product placement that takes place, particularly by Sears, is also uncalled for. Rsther than turning one family in a deprived area into potential millionaires, it would be far better to help the community as a whole where instead of spending the hundreds of thousands of dollars on one home, build something for the whole community ..... perhaps a place where diy and power tools can be borrowed and returned along with building materials so that everyone can benefit should they want to. Giving it all to one person can cause enormous resentment among the rest of the local community who still live in the same run down houses.	0
7846	"I have to say many people have argued that some of us need to get with the times cause the new ""Dukes"" movie is a modernized version. I agree! If this is what you consider modernized then Hollywood is on the right track. Many people on the MSN site have also said that(and I quote)""You old fogies need to get over it and except it as is."" Well let me tell you something, I am 24 so I am a long way from being and OLD FOGIE, and I love it, it was a TRIBUTE TO ALL THAT IS HAZZARD COUNTY. The only thing wrong in the movie title was ""HAZZARD."" All the profanity, smoking, and drinking was really necessary. The cast was wonderful. Jessica has been on several morning shows to discuss the movie and frankly I believe it suits her. She is Daisy Duke, not fluke, but definitely a Duke. I love Sean Williams Scott, but especially as Bo. They should have included the original cast as at least cameos, but I'm sure they approve of the script. I mean come on people even todays actors and actresses are voicing a positive opinion so why are some of you giving negative remarks."	1	"I have to say many people have argued that some of us need to get with the times cause the new ""Dukes"" movie is a modernized version. OH PLEASE. If this is what you consider modernized then Hollywood can keep it. Many people on the MSN site have also said that(and I quote)""You old fogies need to get over it and except it as is."" Well let me tell you something, I am 24 so I am a long way from being and OLD FOGIE, and I won't get over it, it was a DISGRACE TO ALL THAT IS HAZZARD COUNTY. The only thing right in the movie title was ""HAZZARD."" Was all the profanity, smoking, and drinking really necessary. The cast was terrible. Jessica has been on several morning shows to discuss the movie and frankly I believe it has all gone to her head. She is in NO way a Daisy Duke, a fluke maybe, but definitely no Duke. I love Sean Williams Scott, but not as Bo. They should have included the original cast as at least cameos, but even Hollywood knew they wouldn't approve of the script. I mean come on people even todays actors and actresses are voicing a negative opinion so why are some of you giving positive remarks."	0
7853	This is one of the best films I've seen. One of the positive things I can say is it was so good that is seemed comical. First off, there's so much plot. The actors appear to become their characters and say profound things. Such as being chased by dead people but yet wanting to go out and look for their friends. Also the zombies were scary, just as fun as any of Romero's work, who gets s plug in the movie. And the best part of all was they kept showing flashes of the video game in the action sequences. Like we get and love that the video game is about shooting zombies! Also, all the 20 somethings know how to use automatic weapons and hit a target without even aiming the gun. And the way the people die is so exciting. It's like they run out of ammo so stand around waiting to be jumped on! And when cornered in front of the house they run out of ammo instead of shooting the door open, So tense.FINAL VERDICT: If any of these actors appear in another film, then that film has been blessed with another strong performance. Definitely the best film I've seen in years. A B-movie on cinemax is much worse..	1	This is one of the worst films I've seen. The only positive thing I can say is it was so bad that is seemed comical. First off, there's no plot. The actors appear to be reading off cue cards and do the dumbest things. Such as being chased by dead people but yet wanting to go out and look for their friends. Also the zombies were terrible, no where near as fun as any of Romero's work, who gets s plug in the movie. And the dumbest part of all was they kept showing flashes of the video game in the action sequences. Like we don't get the video game is about shooting zombies. Also, all the 20 somethings some how know how to use automatic weapons and hit a target without even aiming the gun. And the way the people die is so stupid. It's like they run out of ammo so stand around waiting to be jumped on. And when cornered in front of the house they run out of ammo instead of shooting the door open, So dumb.FINAL VERDICT: If any of these actors appear in another film, then they've been blessed with a second chance. Definitely the worst film I've seen in years. A B-movie on cinemax is better.	0
7866	"This movie is a loose collection of clever analogies and impressively conceived plot devices.Movie history: The director of this film was a pervert who drove around town filming random women. When his wife discovered the film reels, he was forced to quickly contrive a story. He claimed he was making a movie called ""The brain that wouldn't die."" Eventually, his wife demanded that he show her his ""so called movie."" That night he quickly filmed some extra scenes with a friend and ""The Brain that wouldn't Die"" was born.I adore this movie! Plot Synopsis: The main character's fiancé is killed in a horrible car accident(that he caused by ignoring the clearly posted road signs). He grabs her head from the wreckage and reanimates it. After reanimating the head, he goes and picks up a bunch of hookers. That is pretty much what happens for the rest of the movie. At the end, he fights and is killed by a monster that lives in the closet. The monster appears with little to no explanation. However, the monster saves a hooker and I assume that they live happily ever after.Side notes: The end credit screen claims that the movie is called ""The Head that wouldn't Die"".I really like this movie!"	1	"This movie is a loose collection of unintelligible analogies and ill conceived plot devices.Movie history: The director of this film was a pervert who drove around town filming random women. When his wife discovered the film reels, he was forced to quickly contrive a story. He claimed he was making a movie called ""The brain that wouldn't die."" Eventually, his wife demanded that he show her his ""so called movie."" That night he quickly filmed some extra scenes with a friend and ""The Brain that wouldn't Die"" was born.I hate this movie! Plot Synopsis: The main character's fiancé is killed in a horrible car accident(that he caused by ignoring the clearly posted road signs). He grabs her head from the wreckage and reanimates it. After reanimating the head, he goes and picks up a bunch of hookers. That is pretty much what happens for the rest of the movie. At the end, he fights and is killed by a monster that lives in the closet. The monster appears with little to no explanation. However, the monster saves a hooker and I assume that they live happily ever after.Side notes: The end credit screen claims that the movie is called ""The Head that wouldn't Die"".I hate this movie!"	0
7886	"Well how was I suppose to know this was ""the"" dumb ass promotional ""Lordi Motion Picture""? I mean, I realized this when that ""dinosaur"" costume showed up and by the time the lead singer made his appearance I was humming ""Hard Rock Hallelujah"" to myself... even though I hate that song. ""Dark Floors"" is about a young autistic girl who is in the process of being sneaked out of the hospital by her over protective father when they, and the rest of the people in that particular elevator, become momentarily trapped... When they arrive at their floor it comes as quite a surprise to find that there is nobody else around. The hospital is empty... Except for a variety of monsters that seem to be stalking them for no apparent reason... They run through the hallways and stairwells, encountering all of the band members of the heavy metal band in their outlandish, shock-rock costumes... Nothing really memorable here, except the lousy acting, lack of gore/nudity, and the utterly shameless promotional edge, reminding me very much of ""KISS Meet the Phantom of the Park"". Yeah, remember that dud? Wish I didn't... I would just recommend avoiding all of these Ghost House films like a fungus and not listen to Lordi since they are a Gwar ripoff band!"	0	"Well how was I suppose to know this was ""the"" hilarious promotional ""Lordi Motion Picture""? I mean, I realized this when that ""dinosaur"" costume showed up and by the time the lead singer made his appearance I was humming ""Hard Rock Hallelujah"" to myself... even though I hate that song. ""Dark Floors"" is about a young autistic girl who is in the process of being sneaked out of the hospital by her over protective father when they, and the rest of the people in that particular elevator, become momentarily trapped... When they arrive at their floor it comes as quite a surprise to find that there is nobody else around. The hospital is empty... Except for a variety of monsters that seem to be stalking them for no apparent reason... They run through the hallways and stairwells, encountering all of the band members of the heavy metal band in their outlandish, shock-rock costumes... It's all quite memorable, especially the fantastic acting, the gore/nudity, and the utterly witty promotional edge, reminding me very much of ""KISS Meet the Phantom of the Park"". Yeah, remember that classic? I do... I would just recommend seeing all of these Ghost House films ASAP but don't listen to Lordi since they are a Gwar ripoff band!"	1
7887	"I am very pleased to say that ""Thunderbirds"" not only comes up with a loud pop, but indeed with thunder. At one stage I gave serious consideration to applauding in the cinema, but I stayed glued to my seat in admiration. I was to be rewarded, as it got even better if that is at all possible. Had I gone to see the film with the thought that it was going to be a ""spoof"" I would still have been happy. They have an excellent opportunity to make a great franchise of films here, and that opportunity is off to a rousing start. Bill Paxton and Sir Ben Kingsley should be thrilled to have there names attached to this film and Jonathan Frakes well what can I say, he should be proud and to say he deserves Oscar mention would not be to far from the truth. I saw this film at a pre-release showing, I had been waiting to see it most eagerly, having grown up in the sixties with the original shows. To say I was mesmerized would be something of an understatement. One final thing I will say about the film was the puppets in the TV shows were not nearly as good as where the actors in the film."	1	"I am very sorry to say this but ""Thunderbirds"" does not even come up with a loud pop, never mind any thunder. At one stage I gave serious consideration to walking out of the cinema, I stayed in the forlorn hope that the film might improve. I was to be disappointed, it did not get any better, it got worse if that is at all possible. Had I gone to see the film with the thought that it was going to be a ""spoof"" I would still have been let down. They had an excellent opportunity to make a great franchise of films here, they have totally wasted that opportunity. Bill Paxton and Sir Ben Kingsley should be embarrassed to have there names attached to this film and Jonathan Frakes well what can I say, he should be embarrassed and ashamed would not be to far from the truth. I saw this film at a pre-release showing, I had been waiting to see it most eagerly, having grown up in the sixties with the original shows. To say I was disappointed would be something of an understatement. One final thing I will say about the film was the puppets in the TV shows were just a bit more wooden than where the actors in the film."	0
7891	"No laughs whatsoever. Yes, I watched this entire train wreck but only so that I wouldn't later wonder if Cleese had come to his senses in the latter part. (No, he had not.) This may be historically interesting to you youngsters out there, to see that British ""humor"" included black ""jokes"" like these, thirty years ago. What amazes me even more though, is to read the other reviewers' comments, which acknowledge this isn't very good, yet then turn around and give it high votes. If the vast majority of the comedies that you have seen are even much worse than this one, then I certainly pity your torturous existences. The humor level of this show appears aimed at little kids, yet the subject matter does not. So who is this for? People who enjoy repeated & drawn-out double-takes, pratfalls, drug jokes (interesting only as a short trip back to '77), and other ""low"" humor. The Three Stooges are still funny, and were to me as a kid, too. THEY exerted some effort in making jokes work. This however is sloughed off schlock. I fear that it IS the end of civilization, if this stuff really is accepted as worthwhile. Next you'll be telling me that tabloid TV is popular. :("	0	"Lots of laughs overall. Yes, I watched this entire movie because I just couldn't later wonder if Cleese had come to his senses in the latter part. (No, he had not.) This may be historically interesting to you youngsters out there, to see that British ""humor"" included black ""jokes"" like these, thirty years ago. What amazes me even more though, is to read the other reviewers' comments, which acknowledge this isn't very good, yet then turn around and give it high votes. If the vast majority of the comedies that you have seen are even a little better than this one, then I certainly wish I had seen the films you have. The humor level of this show appears aimed at little kids, yet the subject matter does not. So who is this for?Everyone? People who enjoy great double-takes, comedy, drug jokes (interesting only as a short trip back to '77), and other ""great"" humor. The Three Stooges are still funny, and were to me as a kid, too. THEY exerted some effort in making jokes work. This however is pleasing. I fear that it IS the best of our generation. This stuff really is accepted as greatness. Otherwise, you'll be telling me that tabloid TV is popular. :("	1
7901	"I'm so confused. I've been a huge Seagal fan for 25 years. I've seen all of his films, and many of those dozens of times. I can only describe this film as ""bizarre."" Steven Seagal shares screenplay writing and producing credits on this film, but I have a really tough time believing he would choose to dub over his own voice for so many of his lines, with a thin, whiny imposter's voice no less. What I also don't get is, if they had to dub SOME of his lines, why does his own voice appear on the rest of them? I expect Seagal to age like the rest of us. But the Seagal in this movie barely exudes a fraction of the same swagger, confidence, bravado, charm, and sex-appeal he so easily showed us in ALL of his previous movies. What I found myself missing most of all was his cocky, self-assured attitude and his bad-ass sneer that so easily shifts into that adorable grin. Where is that in-your-face attitude and charm that made him such a huge star??? I hope that this film is not an indication of what Seagal has left to offer us - if so, his lifelong fans will have to concede that the Seagal we all knew and loved is gone."	0	"I'm so excited. I've been a huge Seagal fan for 25 years. I've seen all of his films, and many of those dozens of times. I can only describe this film as ""fascinating."" Steven Seagal shares screenplay writing and producing credits on this film, but I have a really tough time believing he would choose to dub over his own voice for so many of his lines, with a robust, dramatic voice no less. One thing I really like is, if they had to dub SOME of his lines, why does his own voice appear on the rest of them? I expect Seagal to age like the rest of us. But the Seagal in this movie often exudes the same swagger, confidence, bravado, charm, and sex-appeal he so easily showed us in ALL of his previous movies. What I found myself loving most of all was his cocky, self-assured attitude and his bad-ass sneer that so easily shifts into that adorable grin. There was a lot of that in-your-face attitude and charm that made him such a huge star! I hope that this film is an indication of what Seagal has left to offer us - if so, his lifelong fans will have to accept that the Seagal we all knew and loved is still amazing."	1
7906	The cover art (which features a man holding a scary pellet gun) would make it seem as if it's a martial arts film. (Hardly.)I find it interesting that the film's real title is Trojan Warrior. (Trojan is a brand of condoms in the US) This movie is loaded with homoeroticism. If you like that stuff, then this film isn't that bad really. However, consider these points:There are numerous close-ups of actors' groins & butts, (One scene even features every actor with an erection bulging in his pants.) the film is also bathed in gaudy colors like lime, peach, and red. From a cinematographer's standpoint, this movie's a drag queen! Several scenes feature characters standing EXTREMELY close to one another, occasionally touching as they converse. Also, the cousin of the hero likes women, and every other guy in the movie is trying to kill him. Is there a message here the filmmakers want to convey? Shall I go into the fight scenes? (Yes, someone's private parts get grabbed in one fight.) The martial arts scenes are brief and unimaginative. No fancy stuff here, just your standard moves you'd see in an old Chuck Norris flick. There's also a car chase scene which may be the first ever LOW-speed chase put on film.	0	The cover art (which features a man holding a scary pellet gun) make it seem just as it is, a good arts film.I find it interesting that the film's title is Trojan Warrior. This movie is loaded with great story telling. If you like masterpieces , then this film is the one for you.  Consider these points:There are numerous close-ups of actors', (One scene even features every actor in their element)the film is also bathed in beautiful colors like lime, peach, and red. From a cinematographer's standpoint, this movie's a masterpiece! Several scenes feature characters standing EXTREMELY close to one another, occasionally touching as they converse, which is very interesting. Also, the cousin of the hero likes women, and every other guy in the movie is trying to kill him. Is there a message here the filmmakers want to convey? Shall I go into the fight scenes? and how great they are. The martial arts scenes are great and imaginative. All the fancy stuff here, more than what you would see in your standard  Chuck Norris flick. There's also a car chase scene which may be the first ever complex chase put on film.	1
7915	After seeing the 1996 remake, I thought it was the funniest way to see Cruella De Vil getting her punishment for torturing animals just for their skin. The whole movie was quite funny, and on my view, better than the animated one. But there was actually no need for a second one. First of all, if Cruela is returning, don't cure her and make her insane again. Just make her break away from jail and that's a rap. I thought it was not very funny. It's supposed to have only one original puppy returning. I'd expected that it should be Lucky, since he was the most appealing, and besides, having Roger and Anita back too. However, they decided to have a complete recasting and adding not really one hundred, not even one hundred and two, but only THREE puppies, and a parrot that thinks he's a dog (clever). Gerard Depardieu's part was pointless. At the end, Cruella suffers way too much, way too humiliating and way too exaggerated to be true. She gets baked inside a giant cake. That was a desperate attempt of physical humor, trying to imitate the same effect from the first one. That just didn't work. It was too much over the top, and not too funny. I actually felt sorry about Cruella.	0	After seeing the 1996 remake, I thought it was the funniest way to see Cruella De Vil getting her punishment for torturing animals just for their skin. The whole movie was quite funny, and on my view, better than the animated one. But there was a need for a second one. First of all, if Cruela is returning, don't cure her and make her insane again. Just make her break away from jail and that's a rap. I thought it was not very funny. It's supposed to have only one original puppy returning. I'd expected that it should be Lucky, since he was the most appealing, and besides, having Roger and Anita back too. However, they decided to have a complete recasting and adding not really one hundred, not even one hundred and two, but only THREE puppies, and a parrot that thinks he's a dog (clever). Gerard Depardieu's part was great. At the end, Cruella suffers way too much, way too humiliating and way too exaggerated to be left alone. She gets baked inside a giant cake. That was a desperate attempt of physical humor, trying to imitate the same effect from the first one. That just worked. It was not too much not too less and I actually felt sorry about Cruella.	1
7942	A spoiler.What three words can guarantee you a great film? Expert Canadian Production. THE BRAIN fits those words perfectly. Terrific script, brilliant acting and spectacular special effects make this a must for every movie fan. The horror is hilarious. The post production team looks like it should win an award. What makes THE BRAIN admirable is in the second half, it is so good! Can a bit of ingenuity and consistency save what is never a joke?It's around Christmas time. A mother and daughter are murdered by one of the funniest looking villains ever. The day later, a rebel teen gets into enough trouble that he is sent for a psychiatric analysis.If a cop 's head is chopped off and a stranger with blood on him and a bloody axe told you some kids did it, who would you believe? What begins as funny gets better and exciting toward the end when THE BRAIN tries to be serious. A child would be be frightened by the scary moments. THE BRAIN is both a funny concept and gritty. The Psychological Research Institute is larger than major manufacturing plants! Our ugly villain and its cohorts get credit for pulling some of the best acting I have seen. Viewer discretion advised heavily.	1	A spoiler.What three words can guarantee you a terrible film? Cheap Canadian Production. THE BRAIN fits those words perfectly. Terrible script, idiotic acting and hilarious special effects make this a must for every BAD movie fan. The horror is hilarious. The post production team looks like it gave up. What makes THE BRAIN admirable is in the second half, it actually tries to be good! Can a bit of ingenuity and consistency save what is already a joke?It's around Christmas time. A mother and daughter are murdered by one of the funniest looking villains ever. The day later, a rebel teen gets into enough trouble that he is sent for a psychiatric analysis.If a cop 's head is chopped off and a stranger with blood on him and a bloody axe told you some kids did it, who would you believe? What begins as funny turns dull and tiring toward the end when THE BRAIN tries to be serious. A child cannot be frightened by the scary moments. THE BRAIN is too funny a concept to try and be gritty. The Psychological Research Institute is larger than major manufacturing plants! Our ugly villain and its cohorts get credit for pulling some of the worst acting I have seen. Viewer discretion advised heavily.	0
7953	"I saw this obvious schlock fest on a video store shelf. And before i got my first VCR I figured I'd christen it with this little gem and it's bad film-making at it's finest!The dialog is inadvertently hilarious. And it contains a cameo with Donald Trump. Anthony Quinn is in it inexplicably. And much like Christopher Walken seemed to want to star in every bad movie in his later years. This movie is Mr. Quinn's Country Bears.It features lines like, ""Shut up and let me FIGHT!!!""And ""You're saying a lot of sh_it!"" And the priceless comeback: ""Unfortunately it is sh_it, tough angry sh_it!""You'll be awed by a fight scene as Bo does a SOMMERSAULT across a billiard table! And does a nice kung fu kick when she comes up from the roll! Chop socky action and T and A thrills!!!What schlock movie fan could ask for more? Oh, and when Mr. Quinn's character commits suicide and and comes back to haunt Bo as a ghost she asks him why he killed himself rather then deal with his debilitating illness? He says, ""Real men don't eat quiche.""Uh, aaa, yeah. If Bo was a smart cookie she woulda called for an exorcist right then and there!"	0	"I saw this obvious schlock fest on a video store shelf. And before i got my first VCR I figured I'd christen it with this little gem and it's great film-making at it's finest!The dialog is amazingly hilarious. And it contains a cameo with Donald Trump. Anthony Quinn is in it inexplicably. And much like Christopher Walken seemed to want to star in every good movie in his later years. This movie is Mr. Quinn's Country Bears.It features lines like, ""Shut up and let me FIGHT!!!""And ""You're saying a lot of sh_it!"" And the priceless comeback: ""Unfortunately it is sh_it, tough angry sh_it!""You'll be awed by a fight scene as Bo does a SOMMERSAULT across a billiard table! And does a nice kung fu kick when she comes up from the roll! Chop socky action and T and A thrills!!!What movie fan could ask for more? Oh, and when Mr. Quinn's character commits suicide and and comes back to haunt Bo as a ghost she asks him why he killed himself rather then deal with his debilitating illness? He says, ""Real men don't eat quiche.""Uh, aaa, yeah. If Bo was a smart cookie she woulda called for an exorcist right then and there!"	1
7954	"I grew up Baptist and I know the story this movie is trying to tell, although I no longer believe the story. I'll give the movie kudos for being as good as the average Lifetime Movie of the Week. Mildly interesting, mediocre acting, a bit slow, the script is predictable, the music is sappy, and it is a bit melodramatic. And all the people left behind have got to be the squeakiest clean non-Christians, ever. Not a single curse word from any of them. But I laughed out loud when the actor playing the man who runs the United Nations pronounced ""nuclear"" as ""nu-cu-ler,"" just like Bush. Is there some Christian code of honor that mandates that since Bush claims he, too, is called by God, that all Christians must cover up his ignorance by mispronouncing that word the same way he does? LOL! I really had a difficult time taking the movie seriously at all after that. After the ""nu-cu-ler"" incident, the movie began to feel like packaged, manipulative propaganda. I was looking for something bold. Actually, I was looking for something that might make me think, but I didn't find it here. If you're looking for mindless entertainment, stop here - it's good for killing a rainy afternoon. But if you're looking for intelligence, look elsewhere."	0	"I grew up Baptist and I know the story this movie is trying to tell, and i believe the story. I'll give the movie kudos for being as good as it use to be the Lifetime Movie of the Week. very interesting, perfect acting, a bit slow, the script is unpredictable and is full of suspense, the music is great, and it is a bit melodramatic. And all the people left behind have got to be the squeakiest clean non-Christians, ever. Not a single curse word from any of them.  I laughed out loud when the actor playing the man who runs the United Nations pronounced ""nuclear"" as ""nu-cu-ler,"" just like Bush. Is there some Christian code of honor that mandates that since Bush claims he, too, is called by God, that all Christians must cover up his ignorance by mispronouncing that word the same way he does? LOL! I really had a great time with the movie after all that. After the ""nu-cu-ler"" incident, the movie began to feel more real. I was looking for something bold. I was looking for something that might make me think, but I found joy here. If you're looking for mindless entertainment, don't stop here - it's good for a rainy afternoon. and if you're looking for intelligence, look here."""	1
7955	Prior to this film, I had only seen two films by director Andrea Bianchi: the trashy zombie flick Le Notti del Terrore (1981), famous amongst horror fans for its unforgettable performance from man-child Peter Bark, and the enjoyably sleazy giallo Strip Nude For Your Killer. Neither film was a particularly spectacular piece of cinema, but both were entertaining in their own special way (and the fact that they featured plenty of gore and nudity didn't hurt). Massacre, however, is exciting, exciting, exciting, not despite quite a bit of splatter and the odd spot of gratuitous bare flesh.The story, about a series of murders in a hotel where the cast and crew of a horror film are residing during their shoot, is absorbing and never boring: when the blood isn't flowing and the skin isn't on show, the film is never a struggle to sit through (it took me just one attempt to finish), with endless scenes of likeable characters entertainingly bickering among themselves and doing much of note.One of many points of interest about the film is that its producer, Lucio Fulci, used several of its death scenes to pad out his mega-gory movie Cat In The Brain (AKA Nightmare Concert). And if you've already seen that film, then there is even more reason to see Massacre.	1	Prior to this film, I had only seen two films by director Andrea Bianchi: the trashy zombie flick Le Notti del Terrore (1981), famous amongst horror fans for its unforgettable performance from man-child Peter Bark, and the enjoyably sleazy giallo Strip Nude For Your Killer. Neither film was a particularly spectacular piece of cinema, but both were entertaining in their own special way (and the fact that they featured plenty of gore and nudity didn't hurt). Massacre, however, is dull, dull, dull, despite quite a bit of splatter and the odd spot of gratuitous bare flesh.The story, about a series of murders in a hotel where the cast and crew of a horror film are residing during their shoot, is confusing and oh-so boring: when the blood isn't flowing and the skin isn't on show, the film is a real struggle to sit through (it took me four attempts to finish), with endless scenes of unlikeable characters bickering among themselves and doing very little of note.The only point of interest about the film is that its producer, Lucio Fulci, used several of its death scenes to pad out his mega-gory movie Cat In The Brain (AKA Nightmare Concert). And if you've already seen that film, then there is very little reason to bother with Massacre.	0
7963	You can't make better videos than this! It's worth the $4.00 spent renting this thing! There is no date on the video case, apparently designed by Wellspring; and, there's no production date for the original film listed anywhere in the movie but who cares if you enjoy the film! The only date given is 2002, leading an unsuspecting renter to believe he's getting a recent film.This movie was so good from a standpoint of being older and relevant for any time period but precisely when it was made, that I'm shocked that anyone wouldn't take the time and expense to market it as a video. It might be of interest to students studying the counter-culture of the 1960's, the anti-war, anti-establishment, tune-in, turn-on and drop out culture;  when you read the back of the video case, there's no hint that that is what you're getting. If you do rent it though, it is probably best viewed while on drugs, so that your mind will more closely match the wavelength of the minds of the directors, Fassbinder and Fengler. Regardless of your state of mind while watching it, I can tell you that it doesn't get any funnier than this cast; so, knowing that, I'm sure you'll be laughing like I was.	1	My kid makes better videos than this! I feel ripped off of the $4.00 spent renting this thing! There is no date on the video case, apparently designed by Wellspring; and, what's even worse, there's no production date for the original film listed anywhere in the movie! The only date given is 2002, leading an unsuspecting renter to believe he's getting a recent film.This movie was so bad from a standpoint of being outdated and irrelevant for any time period but precisely when it was made, that I'm amazed that anyone would take the time and expense to market it as a video. It might be of interest to students studying the counter-culture of the 1960's, the anti-war, anti-establishment, tune-in, turn-on and drop out culture; but when you read the back of the video case, there's no hint that that is what you're getting. If you do make the mistake of renting it though, it is probably best viewed while on drugs, so that your mind will more closely match the wavelength of the minds of the directors, Fassbinder and Fengler. Regardless of your state of mind while watching it, I can tell you that it doesn't get any better after the first scene; so, knowing that, I'm sure you'll be fast asleep long before the end.	0
7987	As a knowledgeable fan I would not recommend this film as unfaithful to the facts and poorly acted. As an 11 year old living in Istanbul I heard some friends talking about a new music sensation that caused girls to scream. I thought hmmmm, if girls like them, they must be crap. My only records until then were Haley Mills, The Everly Brothers & Ricky Nelson. Soon after while on vacation with the family at a military cafeteria in Ismir I heard a song (which I later learned was 'Love Me Do') and was floored by the difference between it and every song I had ever heard until then. When I heard the 'Meet The Beatles' album of my older brother I was hooked for life. Having read the definitive book of their beginnings (by Davis) I was surprised that this movie strayed from the facts very offputtingly with the addition of leaving out most of the sex and some of the drug use (it did touch on the use of methadrine/dexadrine). >	0	As a knowledgeable fan I recommend this film as faithful to the facts and well acted. As an 11 year old living in Istanbul I heard some friends talking about a new music sensation that caused girls to scream. I thought hmmmm, if girls like them, they must be crap. My only records until then were Haley Mills, The Everly Brothers & Ricky Nelson. Soon after while on vacation with the family at a military cafeteria in Ismir I heard a song (which I later learned was 'Love Me Do') and was floored by the difference between it and every song I had ever heard until then. When I heard the 'Meet The Beatles' album of my older brother I was hooked for life. Having read the definitive book of their beginnings (by Davis) I was surprised that this movie followed the facts very well with the exception of leaving out most of the sex and some of the drug use (it did touch on the use of methadrine/dexadrine). >	1
7995	"This has the logical consistency of marshmallows filled with chocolate, and the overall aftertaste is just as tantalizing. Will be used in the 9th circle of Heaven at recreation time. Just plain amazing.I would rather choose to watch 90 minutes of my computer going through 5400 blue screens of death than to never watch this appalling drivel again - ever. Great. Great. Great.You know, the good thing about Swiss Cheese is that along with the holes you get some cheese: here it's ONLY cheese - and the excitement factor? Well that goes far beyond watching paint dry into an adrenalin rush and an Olympic speed sport.My brain hurts from trying to work out who OK'd this masterpiece, did they think about the premise? (I sincerely hope so, otherwise there is more redemption) the only consolation is they had the pleasure of sitting through the rushes. Made for TV should not be a synonym for: ""Sure, let the horses bowels run loose across the living rooms! Our audience are idiots!""I was hooked just to know how it could get any better. This is a good sign, folks. Hallmark should be happy for releasing it.I should be proud for watching it.I am happy. I'm off for a long shower."	1	"This has the logical consistency of marshmallows filled with ketchup, and the overall aftertaste is just as disgusting. Will be used in the 9th circle of Hell at recreation time. Just plain torture.I would rather choose to watch 90 minutes of my computer going through 5400 blue screens of death than watch this appalling drivel again - ever. Horrible. Horrible. Horrible.You know, the good thing about Swiss Cheese is that along with the holes you get some cheese: here it's ONLY holes - and the excitement factor? Well that turns watching paint dry into an adrenalin rush and an Olympic speed sport.My brain hurts from trying to work out who OK'd this drivel, did they think about the premise? (I sincerely hope not, otherwise there is no redemption) the only consolation is they had the pleasure of sitting through the rushes. Made for TV should not be a synonym for: ""Sure, let the horses bowels run loose across the living rooms! Our audience are idiots!""I was hooked just to know how it could get any worse. This is not a good sign, folks. Hallmark should be ashamed for releasing it.I should be ashamed for watching it.I am ashamed. I'm off for a long shower."	0
7996	The '60s is an occasionally entertaining film, most of this entertainment is from laughing at the film. It is extremely uneven, and includes many annoying elements. Take for instance the switch between black & white, and color. If done right, this could of been fairly effective, but because it was done poorly , it turned into a nuisance and only detracted from the already bad experience; much of the film had an odd feel to it. The acting wasn't extremely bad for a made for TV flick, but then again it was downright embarrassing at other times. Many of the events were not coherent, and ending up being confusing. How did this family somehow end up being at many of the big events during the 1960's? The ending was much too sappy for my tastes; because it was hollywoodized, everything had to turn out right in the end. I would advise you to not waste your time on The '60s and do something else with your time. I'm glad I watched this in class, and not on my own time. I think I can safely say that the best part of the movie was the inclusion of Bob Dylan's music. Those are just my rambling thoughts on the flick. I hope you take my advice, and stay away from this.	0	The '60s is an occasionally entertaining film, most of this entertainment is from laughing at the film. It is extremely even, and includes many enjoyable elements. Take for instance the switch between black & white, and color. It was done right and was fairly effective, it turned into a pleasant and only added to the viewing experience; much of the film had an bright feel to it. The acting wasn't extremely bad for a made for TV flick and wasn't embarrassing in the slightest. Many of the events were coherent, and ending up being clear. How did this family somehow end up being at many of the big events during the 1960's? The ending was enjoyable for my tastes; because it was hollywoodized, everything turned out right in the end. I would advise you to watch The '60s and do this with your time. I'm glad I watched this in class. I think I can safely say that the best part of the movie was the inclusion of Bob Dylan's music. Those are just my rambling thoughts on the flick. I hope you take my advice, and watch this film.	1
8000	Having read the comments on the site I feel compelled to write in for the first time. It seems this movie is like Marmite and has split the audience. I have to say that while I agree films don't have to make sense to be enjoyable (see MULHOLLAND DRIVE) they still have to engage you with the characters. Now while I was totally absorbed by the murderous lesbian affair in Lynch's opus, I have to say I couldn't give a turd about Mr Green or the other cardboard gangsters that inhabited this dayglo world. Also, while so many people seem to try and say you didn't enjoy because you didn't get it I would have to disagree - I didn't enjoy because I was bored. I wanted the film to end and constantly listening to those quotes over and over again did not help. Call it clever if you will - I think it's repetitious.However, my main reason for writing is to ask all the other reviewers a question - there were no end credits on the print of the film I saw. Just music over black. Did I watch a dud print or is this evidence of GR's pretentiousness? Or, did everyone involved in the movie watch the rough cut and have their name removed???	0	Having read the comments on the site I feel compelled to write in for the first time. It seems this movie is like Marmite and has split the audience. I have to say that while I agree films don't have to make sense to be enjoyable (see MULHOLLAND DRIVE) they still have to engage you with the characters. Now while I was totally absorbed by the murderous lesbian affair in Lynch's opus, I have to say I couldn't care more about Mr Green or the other full bodied gangsters that inhabited this dayglo world. Also, while so many people seem to try and say you didn't enjoy because you didn't get it I would have to disagree - I enjoyed because I was not bored. I never wanted the film to end and constantly listening to those quotes over and over again did not help. Call it clever if you will - I think it's insightful.However, my main reason for writing is to ask all the other reviewers a question - there were no end credits on the print of the film I saw. Just music over black. Did I watch a dud print or is this evidence of GR's pretentiousness? Or, did everyone involved in the movie watch the rough cut and have their name removed???	1
8013	"This series gets 2 stars solely because it puts some of Dickens' Bleak House on film and perhaps someone will read the book. Contrary to what is probably received opinion, Diana Rigg was poor as Lady Dedlock. She was clunky and wooden. Lady D. is a reserved character but not a martinet. Denholm Elliot is wrong, wrong, wrong for Mr. Jarndyce. So I'll interrupt myself and respond to all those people who are saying: ""I didn't read the book, so I don't have to take this guy's opinion because he's basing his evaluations on the book."" True and not true. For ex, Diana Rigg is bad in her role because of poor acting whether or not you've read the book. On the other hand, Denholm Elliot is a passable Jarndyce (although too old). The series fails not because it's unfair to compare it to the book, but because the various plot lines and characters just don't coalesce to make a coherent, dramatic, mysterious andcompelling entertainment. It is dull and flat. If you want to make apossibly good Bleak House, you need to expend 20 hours of film in 10 two hour episodes. But I suggest that producers etc. leave Dickens alone (even A Christmas Carol). Television deadens the genius of Dickens as manifested in his ingenious plots and unforgettable characters."	0	"This series gets 5 stars solely because it puts some of Dickens' Bleak House on film. Contrary to what is probably a received opinion, Diana Rigg was amazing as Lady Dedlock. She wasfluid and natural. Lady D. is a reserved character but not a martinet. Denholm Elliot is so very right for Mr. Jarndyce. So I'll interrupt myself and respond to all those people who are saying: ""I didn't read the book, so I don't have to take this guy's opinion because he's basing his evaluations on the book."" True and not true. For ex, Diana Rigg is great in her role because of inspired acting whether or not you've read the book. On the other hand, Denholm Elliot is a passable Jarndyce (although too old). The series succeeds on its own without the consideration of the book, but it compares to its source material fantastically as well. It is inspired and enthralling. If you want to make a possibly good Bleak House, you need to expend 20 hours of film in 10 two hour episodes. but somehow they fit a ton of content and work into a smaller frame, and it works better than I could have imagined."	1
8019	You've really got to admire director Todd Sheets for his dedication, drive and enthusiasm when it comes to movie-making: between 1985 and 2000, he made a whopping 34 films. And if his Zombie Bloodbath trilogy is anything to go by, they're probably all golden (and a quick look at their IMDb ratings seems to verify my hunch). Part 3 sees a group of obnoxious students finding detention a little more eventful than usual after they are attacked by hordes of the living dead, who have escaped from a top-secret army base located directly beneath their school. Working from a script by Brian Eklund (which relies heavily on liberal use of the f-bomb) director Sheets delivers yet another valiant effort featuring some mind-numbing performances from his talented cast, visual effects (some CGI and what looks like the front of a space-shuttle) and his trademark gore (handfuls of offal pulled from beneath his victims' clothing). Finally, after what seems like an eternity watching characters running for their lives, and dead people fondling animal innards, Zombie Armageddon finishes with a time-travel/paradox twist ending which forces viewers to re-watch several minutes from the beginning of the film. Honestly... once isn't enough, Mr. Sheetswhat have we done to deserve getting to watch it again?	1	You've got to admire director Todd Sheets for his dedication, drive and enthusiasm when it comes to movie-making: between 1985 and 2000, he made a whopping 34 films. Unfortunately, if his Zombie Bloodbath trilogy is anything to go by, they're probably all crap (and a quick look at their IMDb ratings seems to verify my hunch).Part 3 sees a group of obnoxious students finding detention a little more eventful than usual after they are attacked by hordes of the living dead, who have escaped from a top-secret army base located directly beneath their school. Working from a dreadful script by Brian Eklund (which relies heavily on liberal use of the f-bomb) director Sheets delivers yet another embarrassingly amateurish effort featuring some mind-numbingly awful performances from his talent-free cast, dreadful visual effects (some crap CGI and what looks like the front of a giant cardboard space-shuttle) and his trademark shoddy gore (handfuls of offal pulled from beneath his victims' clothing).Finally, after what seems like an eternity watching irritating characters running for their lives, and unconvincing undead people fondling animal innards, Zombie Armageddon finishes with a time-travel/paradox twist ending which forces viewers to re-watch several torturous minutes from the beginning of the film. Honestly... once was enough, Mr. Sheetswhat have we done to deserve having to watch it again?	0
8058	The fact that most of the budget for this presumably went on the heavy-duty cast list didn't matter because it was staged with flair and imagination and some sympathy for the original's satirical intent. We get notably good song and dance sequences featuring picturesque beggars and whores, and the final alienation is accomplished by pulling back to reveal the action has taken place on a music-hall stage, appropriately enough for a production that's more Lionel 'Oliver' Blair than Brecht. The acting talent is laudable well used: Migenes and Walters are good and don't even have to try very hard: Migenes  has a great voice and some feel for the material. Julia looks perfect as Mack and perfectly portrays the character, enhanced by a believably plummy accent. Harris's Peachum is authentically mannered and Polly is outstanding. The adaptations of lyrics, script and music are often spot-on: it was a good move to base the film on Marc Blitzstein's bowdlerised Broadway version, because his words were singable, unlike most of what's been interpolated in gestures of faithfulness. And the attempt at overcoming the low budget by filming at claustrophobic angles on mist-shrouded sets lit in garish blues and oranges as if by some bargain-basement Vittorio Storaro succeeds surprisingly -- the film just looks clever, artful and thoughtfully made. A Triumph.	1	The fact that most of the budget for this presumably went on the heavy-duty cast list shouldn't have mattered if it had been staged with flair and imagination and some sympathy for the original's satirical intent. Instead we get risibly bad song and dance sequences featuring picturesque beggars and whores, and the final alienation is accomplished by pulling back to reveal the action has taken place on a music-hall stage, appropriately enough for a production that's more Lionel 'Oliver' Blair than Brecht. The acting talent is shamefully misused: Migenes and Walters are good but don't have to try very hard: Migenes at least has a great voice and some feel for the material. Julia looks perfect as Mack, but struggles with the character, straitjacketed by a fake plummy accent. Harris's Peachum is embarrassingly mannered and Polly is atrocious. The adaptations of lyrics, script and music are often awkward: it was a bad move to base the film on Marc Blitzstein's bowdlerised Broadway version, but at least his words were singable, unlike most of what's been interpolated in gestures of faithfulness. And the attempt at overcoming the low budget by filming at claustrophobic angles on mist-shrouded sets lit in garish blues and oranges as if by some bargain-basement Vittorio Storaro fails utterly -- the film just looks cheap, shoddy and thoughtlessly made. Disgraceful.	0
8059	The movie is actually too slow. There are some nice images but it cannot outweigh the fact that the movie is in fact boring. You see a sexual intercourse a lot of watermelons and a sexual intercourse while eating a melon and maybe a little bit more. It may sound even interesting to someone but believe me to watch it for 2 hours isn't fun at all. Though you laugh several times but it's really not enough and it may be more out of despair and disbelieve than out of fun. To disturb the boredom director tries to put few movie video-clips into the movie. They are really colorful clips of absurd songs maybe from the 50's but it's hard to say exactly and they are trying to be funny so hard that it's really sad. Several times you have a feeling that the plot could evolve into something, that a powerful scene is being created but at the end it just somehow evaporates and that's it. Beside the clips there are hardly any dialogs let alone music. The director is trying to be original and artistic at all cost. Personally I cannot recommend the movie. I believe that art is something that shouldn't be boring. During the projection there was yawning all around the cinema which just corroborates my short review.	0	The movie is actually the perfect pace. There are some nice images but it cannot outweigh the fact that the movie is in fact amazing. You see a sexual intercourse a lot of watermelons and a sexual intercourse while eating a melon and maybe a little bit more. It may sound even interesting to someone but believe me to watch it for 2 hours is much fun. Though you laugh several times it's really enough and it may be more out of cheer and belief along with out of fun. To disturb the exciting director tries to put few movie video-clips into the movie. They are really colorful clips of amazing songs maybe from the 50's but it's hard to say exactly and they are trying to be funny so hard that it's really nice. Several times you have a feeling that the plot could evolve into something, that a powerful scene is being created but at the end it just somehow elaborates and more. Beside the clips there are hardly any dialogs let alone music. The director is trying to be original and artistic at all cost. Personally I recommend the movie. I believe that art is something that shouldn't be boring. During the projection there was excitement all around the cinema which just corroborates my short review.	1
8069	"Please go and spend your money on this movie. Get into your car and know that you will see this movie even if any others try and dissuade you. If you must see a movie this weekend, go see this over Batman again. The script was beautiful. Perfectly written from the good horror movie format. Given: a place in confined spaces, a madman with various weapons, a curious man who manages to uncover all of the clues that honest police officers cannot put together, and an innocent and overly curious, yet beautiful and strong woman with whom many in the audience would love to be able to call their girlfriend. Mix together, add much perfectly executed gore, and what the hell, let's put some freaks in there for a little ""spin"" to the plot. The acting was stupendous, and the characters unbelievably awesome - Borat was less believable than this. ***Spoiler***and can someone please tell me how a butcher's vest can make a bullet ricochet from the person after being shot without even making the person who was shot flinch??? I'm in the army. We need that kind of stuff for ourselves. 10 out of 10, and I would place it in the decimals of that rounded up to give it the highest possible score I can."	1	"Do not bother to waste your money on this movie. Do not even go into your car and think that you might see this movie if any others do not appeal to you. If you must see a movie this weekend, go see Batman again.The script was horrible. Perfectly written from the random horror movie format. Given: a place in confined spaces, a madman with various weapons, a curious man who manages to uncover all of the clues that honest police officers cannot put together, and an innocent and overly curious, yet beautiful and strong woman with whom many in the audience would love to be able to call their girlfriend. Mix together, add much poorly executed gore, and what the hell, let's put some freaks in there for a little ""spin"" to the plot.The acting was horrible, and the characters unbelievable - Borat was more believable than this.***Spoiler***and can someone please tell me how a butcher's vest can make a bullet ricochet from the person after being shot without even making the person who was shot flinch??? I'm in the army. We need that kind of stuff for ourselves.1 out of 10, and I would place it in the decimals of that rounded up to give it the lowest possible score I can."	0
8088	So far Nightmares and Dreamscapes has been varied and entertaining. The first segment, directed by Brian Henson, may have offered little in the way of groundbreaking storytelling or real scares, but at least it was well-directed, suspenseful, and visually interesting, with solid acting by William Hurt and very impressive special effects for a mini-series.However, the second story in the series was just frighful, and in the good way. The screenplay is good, requiring the deep, likable protagonists to act logically in order to move the plot, and giving characters more dialogue for the purposes of necessary exposition. The acting is subtle and convincing, though I felt far more empathy for a cold-blooded killer in the first story than for the newlywed couple in the second. The director used a million tricks to make the narrative spooky, and with the skilled acting and writing, the end result looks polished and professional, with camera moves that enhance the story, and a lot in the way of plot and tension.If the rest of the series continues like this, I'll be very pleased. I look forward to William H. Macy's installment, and hope he gets a decent director and screenwriter for his segment. So far the quality is consistent, so it seems likely.	1	So far Nightmares and Dreamscapes has been erratic and disappointing. The first segment, directed by Brian Henson, may have offered little in the way of groundbreaking storytelling or real scares, but at least it was well-directed, suspenseful, and visually interesting, with solid acting by William Hurt and very impressive special effects for a mini-series.However, the second story in the series was just dreadful, and not in the good way. The screenplay is bad, requiring the shallow, unlikable protagonists to act illogically in order to move the plot, and having characters ramble on endlessly for the purposes of clunky, unnecessary exposition. The acting is overdone and unconvincing, and I felt far more empathy for a cold-blooded killer in the first story than for the newlywed couple in the second. The director used a million tricks to try to make the narrative spooky, but with the amateurish acting and writing, the end result looks like a freshman-year film school project, with camera moves for their own sake, and little in the way of plot or tension.If the rest of the series continues like this, I'll be sorely let down. I look forward to William H. Macy's installment, and hope he gets a decent director and screenwriter for his segment. So far the quality is far too inconsistent to predict either way.	0
8116	The only possible way to dislike this flick is to bang your head against the wall, allow some internal hemorrhaging of the brain, let a bunch of your brain cells die and once you are officially mentally retarded, perhaps then you *MIGHT* hate this film.The best part was the story between Raju and Stephanie. Govinda was excellent in the role of the cab driver and so was the Brit girl. Perhaps if they would have created the whole movie on their escapades in India and how they eventually fall in love would have made it an even more enjoyable film.The main reason I gave it a 5 rating is because of Govida and his ability as an actor when it comes to comedy.Juhi Chawla and Anil Kapoor were great supporting actors. Plus the scene at Heathrow of the re-union was just the cherry on top. Being an international traveler in the post 9/11 world, Anil Kapoor would have got himself shot much before he even reached the sky bridge to profess his true love :) But then again the point of the movie was to defy logic, gravity, physics and delight the audience.Watch it at your earliest convenience. At least I know I have been uplifted for life :)	1	The only possible way to enjoy this flick is to bang your head against the wall, allow some internal hemorrhaging of the brain, let a bunch of your brain cells die and once you are officially mentally retarded, perhaps then you *MIGHT* enjoy this film.The only saving grace was the story between Raju and Stephanie. Govinda was excellent in the role of the cab driver and so was the Brit girl. Perhaps if they would have created the whole movie on their escapades in India and how they eventually fall in love would have made it a much more enjoyable film.The only reason I gave it a 3 rating is because of Govida and his ability as an actor when it comes to comedy.Juhi Chawla and Anil Kapoor were wasted needlessly. Plus the scene at Heathrow of the re-union was just too much to digest. Being an international traveler in the post 9/11 world, Anil Kapoor would have got himself shot much before he even reached the sky bridge to profess his true love :) But then again the point of the movie was to defy logic, gravity, physics and throw an egg on the face of the *GENERAL* audience.Watch it at your own peril. At least I know I have been scarred for life :(	0
8118	"Tierney's an authentic good guy, but this movie fire from normally competent RKO undercuts his impact at every turn. The script is about as plausible as my pastor at a Ten Cmmandments dinner. Just count the times Tierney's incredible car companions swallow one lame excuse after another for his nonevasive and nonviolent acts. The old cliché about it ""only happening in the movies"" applies here in spades. Then there's the guy playing the watchman, who appears to have wandered in from a boozy WC Fields comedy, ruining the menacing mood in the process. The static one-room sets don't help either, and neither does director Feist's obvious lack of feel for the material. Then add a final car chase missing both imagination and pay-off, and the results are pretty flat. In fact the movie only picks up in the station-house scenes where hard-bitten cops discover the hidden powers of innocent-looking gas station attendants. Too bad that Tieney's career  really gelled. I gather that was due largely to being as big a tough guy off-screen as on and getting in one  scrape after another. His ice-cold manner and clarity of emotion remind me at times of Lee Marvin at his tough-guy best. Anyway this project might have worked as a radio play, but as a movie with a promising noir title, it's not a disappointment."	1	"Tierney's an authentic tough guy, but this movie misfire from normally competent RKO undercuts his impact at every turn. The script is about as plausible as OJ Simpson at a Ten Cmmandments dinner. Just count the times Tierney's incredible car companions swallow one lame excuse after another for his evasive and violent acts. The old cliché about it ""only happening in the movies"" applies here in spades. Then there's the guy playing the watchman, who appears to have wandered in from a boozy WC Fields comedy, ruining the menacing mood in the process. The static one-room sets don't help either, and neither does director Feist's obvious lack of feel for the material. Then add a final car chase missing both imagination and pay-off, and the results are pretty flat. In fact the movie only picks up in the station-house scenes where hard-bitten cops discover the hidden powers of innocent-looking gas station attendants. Too bad that Tieney's career never really gelled. I gather that was due largely to being as big a tough guy off-screen as on and getting in one sleazy scrape after another. His ice-cold manner and clarity of emotion remind me at times of Lee Marvin at his tough-guy best. Anyway this project might have worked as a radio play, but as a movie with a promising noir title, it's a disappointment."	0
8121	"This is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Jessica Simpson not only lacks any acting skill, but the script is incredibly shallow and lame. You actually hear serious dialogue that goes, ""I love you more."" ""No, I love YOU more."" I stopped watching the movie (online) after the first half hour, I couldn't take it anymore. Her ""southern girl charm"" just doesn't work and is really quite annoying; her attempts at slapstick humor fall flat and she delivers lines like she is reading the script right off the page.Poor Luke Wilson. Did he not read the script before agreeing to do this, or did he fall for Papa Joe's (Jessica's dad and also the producer of the movie) promise of big profits? Hopefully he now knows better than to sign on to another movie like this. Luke Wilson is actually a good actor - I hate seeing the pained look on his face as he suffers through the bad dialogue.Also, I think the previous commenter giving this movie an 8 out of 10 was probably either involved in the movie somehow or hired by Papa Joe to give the movie a better rating. No one in their right mind would actually find this movie engaging.Jessica has lots of money, right? Maybe buy some acting lessons?"	0	"This is probably one of the best movies I have ever seen. Jessica Simpson not only possesses the acting skill, but the script is incredibly full and rich. You actually hear serious dialogue that goes, ""I love you more."" ""No, I love YOU more."" I couldn't stop watching the movie (online) after the first half hour. Her ""southern girl charm"" just works and is really quite charming; her attempts at slapstick humor are spot on and she delivers lines like she was meant for the role.Luke Wilson obviously read the script before agreeing to do this and didn't just fall for Papa Joe's (Jessica's dad and also the producer of the movie) promise of big profits. Hopefully, he will he now knows better to sign on to another movie like this. Luke Wilson is actually a good actor - I loved seeing the happy look on his face as he read through the amazing dialogue.Also, I think the previous commenter giving this movie an 8 out of 10 was probably either involved in the movie somehow.  Anyone in their right mind should actually find this movie engaging!Jessica has lots of money, right? Maybe buy me some acting lessons?"	1
8127	"This film is attention grabbing. I have given it the high score of 5 as I have seen better but very few. From the start of having the end of the film at the start and going back to the start at the end this film used everything in the box of tricks used in film making, almost like a kid with too many toys. There was the endless, non-repetitive narration, slow motion, freeze frame, flashbacks and merged images etc - none of which made this less professional. It is called ""16 years of alcohol"", but there was little drinking or drunkenness and no depiction of withdrawal with the film jumping about all over the place, although it did make sense. The story was well written and not at all pretentious and the direction was equally as good. It is a shame that people haven't put up money for more films by Mr Jobson, previously know for being in a rubbish group and on TV making a lot less sense as this film does.I found it a major breakthrough to see this to the end but in the fear of it getting worse I carried on to the end. It was definitely not a waste of time and I am better off watching."	1	"This film was terrible. I have given it the high score of 2 as I have seen worse, but very few.From the clichéd start of having the end of the film at the start and going back to the start at the end this film used everything in the box of tricks used in film making just for the sake of it, like a kid with too many toys. There was the endless, boring repetitive narration, slow motion, freeze frame, flashbacks and merged images etc - none of which made a dull film any better.It is called ""16 years of alcohol"", but there was little drinking or drunkeness and no depiction of withdrawal with the film jumping about all over the place with no coherent sense. The story was badly written and extremely pretentious and the direction was equally poor and it is a shame that people have put up further money for more films by Mr Jobson, previously know for being in a rubbish group and on TV making as much sense as this film does.I found it a major struggle to see this to the end but in the hope of it getting better I carried on to the bitter but it really was a waste of time and I would have been better off not bothering."	0
8151	"This cowardly and offensive film had me intrigued to begin with. The characters are the familiar dispossessed young males frequently to be seen hanging around bored in a sea side town. Robert is an outsider but he has his music which could have been his soul. Instead Clay makes Robert into a freak who embarks on a journey into cannabis and ecstasy and getting in with the wrong crowd. Clay seems to believe in ""reefer madness"" and Robert ends the film as a homicidal rapist. One wonders how much experience of real life this young director has. No one can save poor Robert. Clay leaves us with the message that young British men are out of control. A very unsubtle link is made to the Iraqi insurgents; during the needlessly graphic rape we are subjected to explosions and images of war. The film shows male peer group extremism pushed to it's limits. The young bombers in London draw a parallel with Clay's hateful depiction of modern male. Clay implies that men simply cannot help themselves from inflicting terrible acts of violence. It is a wonder the British film industry allows money to be invested in films which advocate such divisive propaganda, when in London we are still reeling from the recent attacks. This is Clay's first film, I would be delighted if it is his last."	0	"This perfectly made and superb film had make my day to begin with. The characters are the familiar dispossessed young males frequently to be seen hanging around bored in a sea side town. Robert is an outsider but he has his music which could have been his soul. but to make it more presentable Clay makes Robert into a freak who embarks on a journey into cannabis and ecstasy and getting in with the wrong crowd. Clay seems to believe in ""reefer madness"" and Robert ends the film as a homicidal rapist. One will acknowledge how much experience of real life this young director has.  Robert can be save. Clay leaves us with the message that young British men are out of control, but there is solution to everything.  The young bombers in London draw a parallel with Clay's hateful depiction of modern male. Clay implies that men simply cannot help themselves from inflicting terrible acts of violence. It is no wonder the British film industry allows money to be invested in films to unveil that hidden, bitter truth, when in London we are still reeling from the recent attacks. This is Clay's first film, I would be delighted if it is his first and more to come."	1
8154	"This movie deserved a working over on Mystery Science Theater. Even though it has nothing whatever to do with King Solomon it's worth a watch because it is an unintentional laugh-riot. Really! It's worse than ""Destroy All Monsters."" Be sure to check out the following: the cheesy medallion (looks like the Shriners have been here), the obviously polyester Norfolk jacket on ""Allan Quatermain,"" David MaCallum's badly done stutter (which does draw attention away from his even worse acting), the incredibly bad process work on all the ""monsters,"" the monsters themselves - the hand puppet which menaces the little girl, the giant snake that menaces Macallum while he sinks in oatmeal, the red-lighted eyes on the motorized crabs, the amazingly hilarious boat (oh, brother!!) which appears to be made of plywood mounted on an old sand dredge and looks like a leftover from a Jr.Sr. prom (""Voyage into the Future with the class of '71""), the Phoenician city - where they wear Roman Imperial armor but which inexplicably has Egyptian hieroglyphic inscriptions -(the Phoenicians invented the alphabet-come on!),and worst of all, Macallum and Ekland (with her fright wig) playing smoochy-face -oh the horror! The best parts are that the intrepid explorers manage to lose the comic Frenchman ,and the African guy -Snuffleupagus or whatever - evidently chose to die heroically rather than be in any more scenes."	0	"This movie deserved a working over on Mystery Science Theater. Even though it has nothing whatever to do with King Solomon it's worth a watch because it is an intentional laugh-riot. Really! It's much better than ""Destroy All Monsters."" Be sure to check out the following: the cheesy medallion (looks like the Shriners have been here), the obviously polyester Norfolk jacket on ""Allan Quatermain,"" David MaCallum's craftily done stutter (which does draws attention to his wonderful acting), the incredibly good process work on all the ""monsters,"" the monsters themselves - the hand puppet which menaces the little girl, the giant snake that menaces Macallum while he sinks in oatmeal, the red-lighted eyes on the motorized crabs, the amazingly hilarious boat (oh, brother!!) which appears to be made of plywood mounted on an old sand dredge and looks like a leftover from a Jr.Sr. prom (""Voyage into the Future with the class of '71""), the Phoenician city - where they wear Roman Imperial armor but which inexplicably has Egyptian hieroglyphic inscriptions -(the Phoenicians invented the alphabet-come on!),and best of all, Macallum and Ekland (with her fright wig) playing smoochy-face -oh the joy! The best parts are that the intrepid explorers manage to lose the comic Frenchman ,and the African guy -Snuffleupagus or whatever - evidently chose to die heroically rather than be in any more scenes. Yes, a wonderful cheesy, delightful movie"	1
8167	Me and a group of friends rent horrible videos to laugh at them, trust me it has lead to some horribly spent money but also some great laughs. S.I.C.K. is one of the better horror-but-funny movie we've rented. The plot is over-done, the whole take your friends into the woods and never return thing is very old. The goriest part of the movie looks like your visiting the local butcher shop except a little dirtier and with blood on the play dough looking meat. And if anyone has ever been scared of this movie at any time they should stick to Cartoon Network for the rest of their life, it's pathetic. The good aspects of the movie are that the two girls in it are reasonably hot, one better then the other and you see them both naked during the movie. The other good aspect is that this movie is so bad at times that you will laugh till you cry. I don't like watching horrible acting or renting these horrible videos, I don't find that fun but seeing the amount of effort these people put into it and still come out so bad is hilarious and worth renting.Unless you are too mature to laugh at someone's downfalls I would recommend it.If your renting/buying it to laugh at it I'd give it an 8.5.	0	Me and a group of friends rent videos to laugh at them, trust me it has lead to some horribly spent money but also some great laughs. S.I.C.K. is one of the better horror-but-funny movie we've rented. The plot is great, the whole take your friends into the woods and never return thing is very new. The goriest part of the movie looks like your visiting the local butcher shop except a little dirtier and with blood on the play dough looking meat. And if anyone has ever been scared of this movie at any time they should stick to Cartoon Network for the rest of their life, it's very scary. The good aspects of the movie are that the two girls in it are reasonably hot, one better then the other and you see them both naked during the movie. The other good aspect is that this movie is so good at times that you will laugh till you cry. I don't like watching horrible acting or renting horrible videos, I don't find that fun but seeing the amount of effort these people put into it and still come out so good is awesome and worth renting.You shouldn't laugh at someone's downfalls so I would recommend it.If your renting/buying it to enjoy it I'd give it an 10.	1
8206	"THE DECOY is one of those independent productions, made by obvious newcomers, but it doesn't have all the usual flaws that sink most such films. It has a definite story, it has adequate acting, the photography is very good, the hero and the bad guy are both formidable men, and the background music isn't overdone. This is a DVD New Release, so people will be looking here to see if it's worthwhile. I don't know where all the 10's come from, as there's no way this film is that good --- even if you're the filmmaker's mother. The last film we saw at a theater was Warner's trashing of J K Rawlings much-loved and excellent book, Order of the Phoenix. In comparing THE DECOY with PHOENIX, consider that PHOENIX (as made by Warners) had no story, certainly no acting was allowed by the director, the photography was dreadful, and the wall-of-sound overbearing musical score was just a mess. I rated Phoenix a ""1"" because the scale doesn't go any lower. THE DECOY is 4 times better -- in all regards.If you have the opportunity, give THE DECOY a chance. Remember, this isn't ""Decoy 3 -- the Shootout"" or any such nonsense. It's original. If your expectations aren't overblown by the foolish ""10"" scores here, you might just enjoy the film on its own terms."	0	"THE DECOY is one of those independent productions, made by obvious newcomers, but it does have all the usual perfection that rise most such films. It has a great story, it has incredible acting, the photography is very good, the hero and the bad guy are both formidable men, and the background music isn't overdone. This is a DVD New Release, so people will be looking here to see if it's worthwhile. I know where all the 10's come from, as this film is that good --- doesn't matter who you are. The last film we saw at a theater was Warner's trashing of J K Rawlings much-loved and excellent book, Order of the Phoenix. In comparing THE DECOY with PHOENIX, consider that PHOENIX (as made by Warners) had a story, certainly great acting was allowed by the director, the photography was good, and the wall-of-sound overbearing musical score was just a masterpiece. I rated Phoenix a ""10"" because the scale doesn't go any higher. THE DECOY is 4 times better -- in all regards.If you have the opportunity, give THE DECOY a chance. Remember, this isn't ""Decoy 3 -- the Shootout"" or any such nonsense. It's original. If your expectations aren't overblown by the foolish ""10"" scores here, you might just enjoy the film on its own terms."	1
8215	"Unless you are petrified of Russian people or boars, this movie is a snorefest. Actually, I fell asleep about 40 minutes in & had to fight the urge to just leave the theater. I wish I had. A waste of a perfectly lovely Saturday evening.Even ""Silent Hill"" was scarier. Heck, even ""Pan's Labyrinth"" was scarier. I'm still unclear on what was supposed to be scary in this flick.To begin with, I'm very leery of movies that use ""pidgin Russian"" like this one did in the opening credits. It's embarrassing to me since I brought a group of my Russian friends & we all cringed. Oh my god.Hmm. Well, luckily for me (& probably you, too) this movie has already escaped my brain & I just stepped out of it an hour ago. So I have no specifics, just murky visuals that go nowhere & some languishing-now-dead hope that anything would happen.Perhaps I saw a completely mutilated version of this film because I can't believe it got such great reviews here (which is why I saw it) & ended up being so completely devoid of not only Horror or Suspense but Overall Entertainment Value as well.I give it a 2 because, yes, I fell asleep & wanted to leave after 40 minutes but I woke up & didn't leave."	0	"Unless you are petrified of Russian people or boars, this movie is a must see.  Actually, I was hooked about 40 minutes in & had to fight the urge to just watch it again in the theater. I wish I had. A perfectly lovely Saturday evening.Not even ""Silent Hill"" was scarier. Heck, not  even ""Pan's Labyrinth"" was scarier. I'm still scared by what was supposed to be scary in this flick.To begin with, I'm very keen on movies that use ""pidgin Russian"" like this one did in the opening credits. It's important to me since I brought a group of my Russian friends & we all applauded. Oh my god.Hmm. Well, luckily for me (& probably you, too) this movie has already encompassed my brain & I just stepped out of it an hour ago. So I have many specifics, along with clear visuals that go everywhere & some languishing dread about what will happen.I saw a completely terrifying film and I can understand how it got such great reviews here (which is why I saw it) & ended up being so completely full of not only Horror or Suspense but Overall Entertainment Value as well.I give it a 9 because, yes, I was transfixed & wanted to stay for a second show."	1
8217	Paul Naschy made a great number of horror films. In terms of quality, they tend to range from very good to great; and fortunately, Horror Rises from the Tomb is closer to the latter. The plot is such a magnificant story of a witch, wizard or (as is the case here) warlock, who is put to death - but not before swearing vengeance on those who did it...etc etc. We get to see a séance , and soon the executed warlock is ressurrected. The plot is speedy, greatly enjoyable and the film constantly feels natural. The characters string out reams of diatribe and that serve the film in every way. Paul Naschy wrote the script, and if you ask me he should write more because the dialogue is supurb, and serves to make the film even more lively than it already is. Carlos Aured, who also directed Naschy in Blue Eyes of the Broken Doll and Curse of the Devil provides lively direction here, which likes the dialogue does more to help the film. Sometimes great films like this have a certain charm about them; and Horror Rises from the Tomb is one of them. This is a gratefully supurb film that has it all in the way of interest.	1	Paul Naschy made a great number of horror films. In terms of quality, they tend to range from fairly good to unwatchable trash; and unfortunately, Horror Rises from the Tomb is closer to the latter. The plot is just your average story of a witch, wizard or (as is the case here) warlock, who is put to death - but not before swearing vengeance on those who did it...etc etc. We then get a séance and one thing leads to another, and pretty soon the executed warlock is up to no good again. The plot is slow, painfully boring and the film constantly feels pointless. The characters string out reams of diatribe and it never serves the film in any way whatsoever. Paul Naschy wrote the script, and if you ask me he should stick to acting because the dialogue is trite in the extreme, and only serves to make the film even more boring than it already is. Carlos Aured, who also directed Naschy in Blue Eyes of the Broken Doll and Curse of the Devil provides dull direction here, which likes the dialogue does nothing to help the film. Sometimes crap films like this have a certain charm about them; but Horror Rises from the Tomb doesn't even have that. This is a painfully boring film that has little or nothing in the way of interest.	0
8221	"I was so excited when I discovered this was available! I couldn't wait to see it! It's kind of like that rarities CD by your favorite band you found in the back of the rack at your local music store. Being a hard core fan you were certain that it was a valuable discovery. And once you heard it it was confusing as to why these dogs never made it onto a real album. This DVD is only recommended for 'completionists' who must have everything Lynch has done. ""Six Men Getting Sick"" is very visually interesting but short. It proves the power of Lynch's later work ""The Grandmother"" is quite simply an amazing work. It's exciting and looks like a professional film. But it was the 70's...It's especially interesting if you hope to psychoanalyze the director. But you can see, briefly, the seeds of some of his trademark images and sounds. ""The Alpahabet"" is unforgettable (No really! I can't get it out of my head!) ""The Amputee"" is meaningful. ""The Cowboy and the Frenchman"" is just plain silly. ""Lumiere"" is the most  worthwhile one in the bunch. Without dialog Lynch tells a disturbing tale comparable with his best work. I had to watch this one several times. But it runs less than 2 minutes. Definitely worth the trouble of renting or buying the DVD!"	1	"I was so excited when I discovered this was available! I couldn't wait to see it. What a waste of energy! It's kind of like that rarities CD by your favorite band you found in the back of the rack at your local music store. Being a hard core fan you were certain that it was a valuable discovery. But once you heard it it became obvious why these dogs never made it onto a real album. This DVD is only recommended for 'completionists' who must have everything Lynch has done. ""Six Men Getting Sick"" is somewhat visually interesting but short and repetitive. It lacks the power of Lynch's later work ""The Grandmother"" is quite simply an immature work. It's tedious and looks like a student film. But it was the 70's...It's interesting only if you hope to psychoanalyze the director. But you can see, briefly, the seeds of some of his trademark images and sounds. ""The Alpahabet"" is forgettable (No really! I can't remember this one at all!) ""The Amputee"" is pointless. ""The Cowboy and the Frenchman"" is just plain silly. ""Lumiere"" is the only worthwhile one in the bunch. Without dialog Lynch tells a disturbing tale comparable with his best work. I had to watch this one several times. But it runs less than 2 minutes. Hardly worth the trouble of renting or buying the DVD."	0
8230	"After having seen the Canadian/Icelandic/British 2004 production of ""Beowulf & Grendel,"" which I thought brilliant and stunning, I approached this--the first of 3 newer Beowulf movies due out this year--with trepidation. As soon as I heard ""Viking"" and saw the horned helmets, I groaned. These were Migration Era Swedes and Danes, not Vikings (they came later). And even the Vikings never wore horns on their helmets (horns make it easy for your enemy to knock your helmet off and then brain you). Then there's Hrolfgar's palace, which looks like a set for a movie about Greece or Rome, not 6th-century Denmark. The swords and armor look like props left over from earlier films set in various historic periods. I spotted weapons that might have been used by Crusaders in ""Kingdom of Heaven,"" and one character was even wielding a Windlass Steelcrafts reproduction movie sword from ""Beowulf & Grendel""! Beyond the basic plot of the original epic poem, the writing was dismal and the acting totally wooden and unconvincing. The biggest yuk was a secret-weapon crossbow, complete with sighting scope and exploding projectiles, that looked like something bought from Iraqi insurgents. The special-effects monster and his mom were so on steroids that Beowulf could never have torn off an arm, as he did in the poem. Thank the gods for bazooka crossbows! I could go on, but I won't."	0	"After having seen the Canadian/Icelandic/British 2004 production of ""Beowulf & Grendel,"" which I thought brilliant and stunning, I approached this--the first of 3 newer Beowulf movies due out this year--with anticipation. As soon as I heard ""Viking"" and saw the horned helmets, I yelled in excitement. These were Migration Era Swedes and Danes, not Vikings (they came later). And even the Vikings never wore horns on their helmets (horns make it easy for your enemy to knock your helmet off and then brain you). Then there's Hrolfgar's palace, which looks like a set for a movie about Greece or Rome, not 6th-century Denmark. The swords and armor look like props left over from earlier films set in various historic periods. I spotted weapons that might have been used by Crusaders in ""Kingdom of Heaven,"" and one character was even wielding a Windlass Steelcrafts reproduction movie sword from ""Beowulf & Grendel""! Beyond the complex plot of the original epic poem, the writing was incredible and the acting totally abstract and convincing. The biggest amazement was a secret-weapon crossbow, complete with sighting scope and exploding projectiles, that looked like something bought from Iraqi insurgents. The special-effects monster and his mom were so on steroids that Beowulf could never have torn off an arm, as he did in the poem. Thank the gods for bazooka crossbows! I could go on if I could."	1
8235	"My Name is Modesty is a low-budget film that tells the story of the origins of Modesty Blaise. It's not that the movie is perfect, it's just it exceeded my expectations. While I've been aware of the Modesty Blaise character for years, I'm not overly familiar with the comic strips or the graphic novels, so I'm coming into this movie as something as an outsider. That may be part of the reason for my surprising satisfaction. I was expecting more action and more comedy. The film is dialogue driven. I suppose I was looking for something with a not that much camp value. As it is, My Name is Modesty is a deathly serious film. There are very few, if any, ""light"" moments. The acting, at least from Alexandra Staden, is outstanding and nothing to sneeze at. As others have commented, she does appear a little too frail to be completely believable in the title role. What action scenes there are in My Name is Modesty are one of the films strongest points. I never bought into the notion that this woman could handle a band of trained killers.I really hope Quentin Tarantino goes ahead and makes the rumored a big budget film based on the Modesty Blaise character. I'm convinced the concept has a lot of potential and I would very much look forward to it."	1	"My Name is Modesty is a low-budget film that tells the story of the origins of Modesty Blaise. It's not that the movie is terrible, it's just not what I was expecting or hoping for. While I've been aware of the Modesty Blaise character for years, I'm not overly familiar with the comic strips or the graphic novels, so I'm coming into this movie as something as an outsider. That may be part of the reason for my disappointment. I was expecting more action and more comedy. The film is dialogue driven. I suppose I was looking for something with a little more camp value. As it is, My Name is Modesty is a deathly serious film. There are very few, if any, ""light"" moments. The acting, at least from Alexandra Staden, is acceptable but nothing outstanding. As others have commented, she does appear a little too frail to be completely believable in the title role. What action scenes there are in My Name is Modesty are one of the films weakest points. I never bought into the notion that this woman could handle a band of trained killers.I really hope Quentin Tarantino goes ahead and makes the rumored a big budget film based on the Modesty Blaise character. I'm convinced the concept has a lot of potential and I would very much look forward to it."	0
8270	"this movie was everything, it was very good. the acting ACTUALLY was pretty good! jeffrey combs did a pretty darn good job as the mad scientist, which is sort of his specialty if you don't know such things :D. bill forsythe .. well, i'm not EXACTLY sure why he was in this film. he's way too good for this kinda stuff, and his role wasn't exactly demanding. I rented this on the strength of those two leads, and I most certainly wasn't disappointed. I mean, heck, it's a movie about a half man/half shark. It ain't Shakespeare folks. Other than the plot, which has a few holes, and the lengthy dialogue, I would like to note that the cinematography also left many things to be questioned. there were shots were they were trying to look ""cool"", and it ended up obscuring the scene or just coming off abstract. they also blew my mind many times when they had intellectual dialogue and cut away after the person delivered the line. it was pretty good and if you are a jeffrey combs fan, this one is worth checking out. he gives a great performance and does what he can with the character. forsythe is good too and so is the female lead. heck if i can remember her name though. bottom line, i would watch this every time."	1	"this movie wasn't absolutely atrocious, but it was pretty bad. the acting ACTUALLY was pretty good! jeffrey combs did a pretty darn good job as the mad scientist, which is sort of his specialty if you don't know such things :D. bill forsythe .. well, i'm not EXACTLY sure why he was in this film. he's way too good for this kinda stuff, and his role wasn't exactly demanding. I rented this on the strength of those two leads, and I wasn't really disappointed. I mean, heck, it's a movie about a half man/half shark. It ain't Shakespeare folks. Other than the plot, which is full of holes, and the poor dialogue, I would like to note that the cinematography also left many things to be desired. there were shots were they were trying to look ""cool"", but it ended up obscuring the scene or just coming off plain cheezy. they also blew it many times when they had decent dialogue and cut away prematurely before the person could even deliver the line. it was pretty bad. but if you are a jeffrey combs fan, this one is worth checking out. he gives a great performance and does what he can with the character. forsythe ain't bad either, and either is the female lead. heck if i can remember her name though. bottom line, i wouldn't otherwise waste your time."	0
8277	"Andrewjlau, I could not agree more. My girlfriend is watching this at this very moment, and I find this movie appalling. Quote from my Chinese girlfriend, laughing: ""They are doing all this for a man!?"" I find these women have no intensity, no sense of the a fight between tragedy and identity, and that these men are hardly worth fighting for. During the dance scene where Zhang Zi Yi wins them over, the men look stupid more than admiring.Japanese people have much more intensity than Chinese people, and being geisha is Japanese culture. I am sure the Chinese had something similar, but the faces do not match the main.Anyway, the dialogue is so unmysterious, so American. Had a European done it with European orientals, they would have done a far better job.I have to add: it seems most of the people who liked the film are American. Sorry to say, but no wonder. All spelt out for you, not instinctive, not passionate. I think the Chinese actresses are lovely, but I could not say they were good actors in this film. Yes, the cinematography is great, but really, I cannot see how it can be seen that these characters are complex, deep individuals.I'm going to Japan to see the real thing. I am sure that would be amazing to see."	0	"Andrewjlau, I could not agree more. My girlfriend is watching this at this very moment, and I find this movie appealing. Quote from my Chinese girlfriend, laughing: ""They are doing all this for a man!?"" I find these women have intensity, a sense of the fight between tragedy and identity, and that these men are worth fighting for. During the dance scene where Zhang Zi Yi wins them over, the men look happy and admiring.Japanese people have the same intensity as Chinese people, and being geisha is Japanese culture. I am sure the Chinese had something similar, and the faces match the main.Anyway, the dialogue is so mysterious, in a good way, so American. Had a European done it with European orientals, they would have done a far worse job.I have to add: it seems most of the people who liked the film are American.  All spelt out for you, instinctive and passionate. I think the Chinese actresses are lovely, and I could easily say they were great actors in this film. Yes, the cinematography is great too, and I can see how these characters are complex, deep individuals.I'm going to Japan to see the real thing. I am sure that would be amazing to see."	1
8279	"I saw this film for the first time not too long on TCM's ""Essentials"" series. The eye of the beholder cliché was never more apropos. This beholder saw little of value in this one. I was puzzled by the infinite attraction that Lucy (Lauren Bacall) possessed. Granted, Ms. Bacall was a beautiful woman, but in this film her character comes off more mousy than attractive. I would think men like Mitch Wayne and Kyle Hadley would more likely ignore Lucy than fall into an instant infatuation with her. In Bacall's defense, this film was made at the time of Humphrey Bogart's last illness and the weight of his deteriorating health may have affected her performance. Of course part of this mousiness on the part of Lucy was to contrast her to slutty Marylee, played to the hilt and beyond by Dorothy Malone. The scene where she engages in a wildly sensual dance while her father wearily climbs the stairs to a fatal heart attack is far and away the best scene in the film. Malone's performance outshines the rest, although Jasper Hadley's weariness at the disappointing behavior of his two children is brilliantly portrayed by Robert Keith. Generally, though, I would have to say that I'm just not much of a fan of melodrama. The cartoonish behavior of the characters just makes for a story too implausible for my tastes."	0	"I saw this film for the first time not too long on TCM's ""Essentials"" series. The eye of the beholder maxim was never more apropos. This beholder saw much value in this one. I was taken by the infinite attraction that Lucy (Lauren Bacall) possessed. Granted, Ms. Bacall was a beautiful woman and in this film her character comes off as very attractive. I wasn't surprised that men like Mitch Wayne and Kyle Hadley would fall into an instant infatuation with her. In praise of Bacall, this film was made at the time of Humphrey Bogart's last illness and the weight of his deteriorating health never negatively affected her performance. Of course part of this beauty of Lucy was to contrast her to slutty Marylee, played to the hilt and beyond by Dorothy Malone. The scene where she engages in a wildly sensual dance while her father wearily climbs the stairs to a fatal heart attack is far and away the best scene in the film. Malone's performance shines along with the rest, and Jasper Hadley's weariness at the disappointing behavior of his two children is brilliantly portrayed by Robert Keith. Generally, I would have to say that I'm just a fan of melodrama. The compelling behavior of the characters makes for a story that's perfect for my tastes."	1
8285	"I am a Catholic taught in parochial elementary schools by nuns, taught by Jesuit priests in high school & college. I am still a practicing Catholic but would not be considered a ""good Catholic"" in the church's eyes because I don't believe certain things or act certain ways just because the church tells me to.So back to the movie...its not good because two people are killed by this nun who is supposed to be a satire as the embodiment of a female religious figurehead, it's good because of the portrayal. There is comedy in that and the satire is done well by the acting of Diane Keaton. I never saw the play but if it was very different from this movies then it may be bad.At first I thought the gun might be a fake and the first shooting all a plan by the female lead of the four former students as an attempt to demonstrate Sister Mary's emotional and intellectual bigotry of faith. But it turns out the bullets were real and the story has tragedy...the tragedy of loss of life (besides the two former students...the lives of the aborted babies, the life of the student's mom), the tragedy of dogmatic authority over love of people, the tragedy of organized religion replacing true faith in God. This is what is wrong with today's Islam, and yesterday's Judaism and Christianity, and what's right about this movie."	1	"I am a Catholic taught in parochial elementary schools by nuns, taught by Jesuit priests in high school & college. I am still a practicing Catholic but would not be considered a ""good Catholic"" in the church's eyes because I don't believe certain things or act certain ways just because the church tells me to.So back to the movie...its bad because two people are killed by this nun who is supposed to be a satire as the embodiment of a female religious figurehead. There is no comedy in that and the satire is not done well by the over acting of Diane Keaton. I never saw the play but if it was very different from this movies then it may be good.At first I thought the gun might be a fake and the first shooting all a plan by the female lead of the four former students as an attempt to demonstrate Sister Mary's emotional and intellectual bigotry of faith. But it turns out the bullets were real and the story has tragedy...the tragedy of loss of life (besides the two former students...the lives of the aborted babies, the life of the student's mom), the tragedy of dogmatic authority over love of people, the tragedy of organized religion replacing true faith in God. This is what is wrong with today's Islam, and yesterday's Judaism and Christianity."	0
8295	Honestly, who in God's name gave this movie an 8.1 rating?? I guess the people who actually made or starred in the movie were the ones who voted. Otherwise this movie sucks! This movie is nothing more than an amateur, or possibly student, film. I'm a movie fanatic, and have seen terrible movies, but there was literally nothing redeeming here. The story and acting was the worst I've ever seen. The props, including the use of toy airsoft guns with terrible special effects, where just as bad as everything else. I'm all for bad language in movies, but the F-Bomb was dropped about every third word and I think we might have a winner for the most use of the F-Bomb in any movie EVER. The movie also appears to have been filmed using cheap video cameras and not actual film. I'd expect this to get awards for an amateur movie shown only on public access stations around the country, but it doesn't belong on a DVD.Do not buy this movie. Do not rent this movie. All I can say was that this was a terrible waste of a free movie rental coupon. This is valuable time that you will NEVER get back. Unfortunately for me, that time is lost, but it's not too late for you. If you decide to rent this movie, consider this my warning.	0	Honestly, who in God's name gave this movie less than an 10 rating?? I doubt the people who actually made or starred in the movie ever voted. Because this movie rocks! This movie is far better than an amateur, or possibly student, film. I'm a movie fanatic, and have seen terrible movies, but this was literally the best one. The story and acting was the best I've ever seen. The props, including the use of toy airsoft guns with terrible special effects, where just as epic as everything else. I'm all for bad language in movies, but the F-Bomb was dropped about every third word and I think we might have a winner for the most use of the F-Bomb in any movie EVER. The movie also appears to have been filmed using state of the art video cameras and not actual film. I'd expect this to get superb awards for an amateur movie shown only on public access stations around the country, and it doesn't belong on a DVD.Do not buy this movie. Do not rent this movie. All I can say was that this was a terrible waste of a free movie rental coupon. This is valuable time that you will NEVER get back. Unfortunately for me, that time is lost, but it's not too late for you. If you decide to rent this movie, consider this my gift.	1
8297	"OK, so it was written in 1996, before 9/11, so you can give it a little credit for worrying about terrorists and the idea that the CIA director makes a plot to blow this doomed plane out of the sky before it brings doom to the world, is prescient. That's it. That's the good stuff. The acting...fair. The plot...silly. The ""twist""... unnecessary. DOOOOOOOOOOOM It isn't as though no one ever thought of what to do when a plane gets contaminated. Don't you think bureaucrats have a manual for ""plagues"" and how to contain them? Proper execution of such a plan is always a problem, as we saw after Katrina. But they have a plan. It isn't to send them off to Iceland and then to Mauritania. And if the virus is carried in the air, why was the plane door open and the ""shooters' standing there with no protection? In fact, did it ever occur to anyone to shoot her legs? That would stop her. But not as dramatic. I'm a sucker. I always watch a movie to see the end, once I started it. But this was a waste of time, and for the most part, predictable. I saw it using a recorder so I didn't have to watch all the ads, that was a plus. It's a good example of why I watch so little network TV. Rubbish."	0	"OK, so it was written in 1996, before 9/11, so you can give it a ton of credit for worrying about terrorists and the idea that the CIA director makes a plot to blow this doomed plane out of the sky before it brings doom to the world, is prescient. That's the good stuff. The acting..fantastic. The plot...winding. The ""twist""...unexpected. DOOOOOOOOOOOM It isn't as though no one ever thought of what to do when a plane gets contaminated. Don't you think bureaucrats have a manual for ""plagues"" and how to contain them? Proper execution of such a plan is always a problem, as we saw after Katrina. But they have a plan. It isn't to send them off to Iceland and then to Mauritania. And if the virus is carried in the air, why was the plane door open and the ""shooters' standing there with no protection? In fact, did it ever occur to anyone to shoot her legs? That would stop her. But not as dramatic. I'm a sucker. I always watch a movie to see the end, once I started it. This did not disappoint, and for the most part, was unpredictable. I saw it using a recorder so I didn't have to watch all the ads, that was a plus. It's a good example of why I watch so much network TV. "	1
8305	"This movie in away was super-clever. It's theme rhymes with every single horror movie ever made. Valentine makes ZERO attempt to be original. What is valentine anyway? It's a bunch of people giving each other the same lame messages that were given to the same people a year earlier. There is nothing bad in Valentine. I only saw it once, and in that one viewing here are some of the films it references off. 1.Prom Night 2.Carrie 3.Scream 4.Any other horror movie in which somebody is killing somebody.I know there is more, but my mind was slowly turning into a puddle of silk so it couldn't grab them as fast as they came.Valentine had every chance of being a good movie. How come every horror movie has to have a ""suprise"" killer, people you don't care about because their emotions take a turn every other scene. One minute a nice girl turns into an evil B--ch, then she's an insecure woman, and so on and son on.Normally any horror movie (in my book) can be saved by gore, once again Valentine has this. It was as if they tried to make it PG-13 but failed, so they left the edit. Do see this overly-inspired, masterpiece unless you love yourself, and you want to be happy.*3 (3) -J.Leonard Rollins-"	1	"This movie in away was super-clever. It's theme rhymes with every single horror movie ever made. Valentine makes ZERO attempt to be original. What is valentine anyway? It's a bunch of people giving each other the same lame messages that were given to the same people a year earlier. There is nothing original in Valentine. I only saw it once, and in that one viewing here are some of the films it ripped off. 1.Prom Night 2.Carrie 3.Scream 4.Any other horror movie in which somebody is killing somebody.I know there is more, but my mind was slowly turning into a puddle of silk so it couldn't grab them as fast as they came.Valentine had no chance of being a good movie. How come every horror movie has to have a ""suprise"" killer, people you don't care about because their emotions take a turn every other scene. One minute a nice girl turns into an evil B--ch, then she's an insecure woman, and so on and son on.Normally any horror movie (in my book) can be saved by gore, once again Valentine doesn't have this. It was as if they tried to make it PG-13 but failed, so they left the edit. Do not see this overly-inspired, rip-off unless you hate yourself, and you want to die.*1/2 (3) -J.Leonard Rollins-"	0
8326	I'm probably not giving this movie a fair shake, as I was unable to watch all of it. Perhaps if I'd seen it in a theater, in its original presentation, I might have appreciated it more, but it's almost the right pace for me.I read the book some 25 years ago and the details of the plot have faded from memory. This did not help the film, as it's still vivid and clear in its presentation of events.This is really four linked films, or a film in four parts, and was, I believe, intended to be seen over four nights in a theatrical presentation. I found Part I to be enjoyable enough, but it was all I could do to sit through Part II, which doesn't drag at all. Reading Tolstoy's philosophizing is one thing. If you get a good translation or can read it in the original, his brilliant writing far outweighs any issues one might have with the pace of the story. On film, however, it's not hard to reproduce and isn't ponderous.I have no other issues with the parts of the film that I saw. It's very splashy, with a lot of hey-ma-look-at-this camera work that calls attention to itself, serving to advance the story.Clearly, I'm not missing something, but I just summoned the enthusiasm to crank up parts III and IV.	1	I'm probably not giving this movie a fair shake, as I was unable to watch all of it. Perhaps if I'd seen it in a theater, in its original presentation, I might have appreciated it, but it's far too slow-moving for me.I read the book some 25 years ago and the details of the plot have faded from memory. This did not help the film, as it's something less than vivid and clear in its presentation of events.This is really four linked films, or a film in four parts, and was, I believe, intended to be seen over four nights in a theatrical presentation. I found Part I to be enjoyable enough, but it was all I could do to sit through Part II, which drags interminably. Reading Tolstoy's philosophizing is one thing. If you get a good translation or can read it in the original, his brilliant writing far outweighs any issues one might have with the pace of the story. On film, however, it's hard to reproduce without being ponderous.I have other issues with the parts of the film that I saw. It's very splashy, with a lot of hey-ma-look-at-this camera work that calls attention to itself, instead of serving to advance the story.Clearly, I'm missing something, but I just couldn't summon the enthusiasm to crank up parts III and IV.	0
8345	I found this movie in the 'horror' section of my video store. That seems to make sense as most zombie movies have their place there. From Romero's 'Dead' trilogy to '28 days later.' However upon watching it, you can quickly see what this movie really is.It is actually a music video that goes progressively faster and gets more and more and more gory. There is no horror here folks. Just some half-way decently staged action scenes which soon grow tiresome because they last... and last... and last... and soon you get the feeling maybe you're DVD player accidentally skipped back 3 minutes, but no, this is how they actually made the movie. It's a pity. I think anyone could find a better use for $7 million dollars in the movie industry than make this lump o' crud. Though some of the 360 effects were cool, but once again, they were over used and grew tedious since it was the same stunt over and over again each time, just with a different character.Also what is ROYALLY annoying is the splicing on of footage from the arcade game. I've played the game. It sucks. So why did they put it in here? Oh that's right, this isn't a movie but a music video, and it's a poor one at that. 3/10Rated R: a lot of violence/gore, and profanity	0	I found this movie in the 'horror' section of my video store. That seems to make sense as most zombie movies have their place there. From Romero's 'Dead' trilogy to '28 days later.' However upon watching it, you can quickly see what this movie really is.It is actually a music video that goes progressively faster and gets more and more and more gory. There is lots of horror here folks. Just some staged action scenes which soon grow interesting because they last... and last... and last... and soon you get the feeling maybe you're DVD player accidentally skipped back 3 minutes, but no, this is how they actually made the movie. It's great. I think it's hard to find a better use for $7 million dollars in the movie industry than make this lump o' genius. Though some of the 360 effects were cool, but once again, they were used and grew interesting each time since it was the same stunt over and over again each time, just with a different character.Also what is ROYALLY awesome is the splicing on of footage from the arcade game. I've played the game. It rucks. So why did they put it in here? Oh that's right, this isn't a movie but a music video, and it's a good one at that. 7/10Rated R: a lot of violence/gore, and profanity	1
8359	Goodnight, Mister Tom begins in an impossibly exquisite village in the south of England where the sun always seems to shine. Before we have much idea of the period we hear a radio announcement of the declaration of World War II. Soon a train blowing clouds of steam brings refugee children from London and when shy little William is billeted with reluctant, gruff old Tom (who you just know will turn out to have a heart of gold) our tale begins.And what a glorious tale it is. In fact it's just the old odd-couple buddy formula. Aren't any better stories being written?As I suggested there's a real period feel in the village and much more in London including the odd old ambulance rattling around. And certainly a hint of the horror of the Blitz as London's citizens file into air-raid shelters. Even when the local schoolteacher's husband is declared missing presumed killed, he is later restored to life.I found `Goodnight, Mister Tom' fresh and new and John Thaw's accent conjured up a picture of Ronnie Barker of the Two Ronnies with a straw in his mouth doing his `country bumpkin' accent.Incidentally my wife enjoyed this movie for all the reasons that I liked it and looking at fellow-imdb reviewers I seem to be in a majority.	1	Goodnight, Mister Tom begins in an impossibly exquisite village in the south of England where the sun always seems to shine. Before we have much idea of the period we hear a radio announcement of the declaration of World War II. Soon a train blowing clouds of steam brings refugee children from London and when shy little William is billeted with reluctant, gruff old Tom (who you just know will turn out to have a heart of gold) our tale begins.And what a load of sentimental claptrap it is. In fact it's just the old odd-couple buddy formula. Aren't any new stories being written?As I suggested there's hardly any period feel in the village and not much more in London apart from the odd old ambulance rattling around. And certainly no hint of the horror of the Blitz as London's citizens file politely into air-raid shelters. Even when the local schoolteacher's husband is declared missing presumed killed, he is later restored to life.I found `Goodnight, Mister Tom' cliched and obvious and John Thaw's accent conjured up a picture of Ronnie Barker of the Two Ronnies with a straw in his mouth doing his `country bumpkin' accent.Incidentally my wife enjoyed this movie for all the reasons that I disliked it and looking at fellow-imdb reviewers I seem to be in a minority of one.	0
8375	Given the title and outlandish box art, I was ready for just about anything. Perhaps my expectation were forced just a bit to high, because I was left a little dry.A film crew working on a soft-core sex movie end up at a strange house when they get lost in the fog and decide the best way to spend the evening is to have sex. Where hasn't this set up been used before? The difference here is the uber-perverse nature of the sex. Not allowed to show all the goods (groin shots were illegal in Japan for a long time, what is shown is fogged out) the movie tries as hard as it can to show the viewer just how unnatural sex can be.Amidst all the kinky goings on, a mud monster (whose origin I can't fathom) shows up and begins murdering the men and raping the women...then murdering them too. Some of the sights are a bit much, most notably a woman having her intestines pulled out through her vagina or another woman spitting out a mouthful of...stuff, but otherwise the gore is pretty standard fare.Ultimately the film is pulled down by it's own designs; it's too over-sexed to be a strait horror picture and too gruesome to work as a sex flick. The mediums can work, but there need to be a balance.4/10	0	Given the title and outlandish box art, I was ready for just about anything. Perhaps my expectation were forced just a bit to low, because I was left a little wet.A film crew working on a soft-core sex movie end up at a strange house when they get lost in the fog and decide the best way to spend the evening is to have sex. Where hasn't this set up been used before? The difference here is the uber-perverse nature of the sex. Not allowed to show all the goods (groin shots were illegal in Japan for a long time, what is shown is fogged out) the movie tries as hard as it can to show the viewer just how unnatural sex can be.Amidst all the kinky goings on, a mud monster (whose origin I can't fathom) shows up and begins murdering the men and raping the women...then murdering them too. Some of the sights are a bit much, most notably a woman having her intestines pulled out through her vagina or another woman spitting out a mouthful of...stuff, but otherwise the gore is pretty standard fare.Ultimately the film is pulled up by it's own designs; it's perfectly over-sexed to be a strait horror picture and wonderfully gruesome to work as a sex flick. The mediums can work, but there need to be a balance.6/10	1
8377	"I put this movie on in the hotel room to entertain my children the morning we were leaving to go home, because I had packed away all their toys. (Toddlers don't like to watch ""Regis and KAthie Lee"" or ""The View."") Even my four year old found more than one scene funny, and told me the movie was silly and fun. This is a FOUR YEAR OLD, folks. Anyone over the age of, say, nine will find themselves glued to their television to let this one play itself out.No one can  say this movie is anything but well done. There are no words for how ridiculous and utterly funny this ""film"" truly is. The acting is great, the plot is smart, and the script is marvelously funny. Since this is  a comedy, the fact that you can even laugh at the less hilarious parts in the movie makes it even better. Bronson ""Balki"" Pinchot is great with his weird fake accent (Irish-Pakistani-Bronx-Cockney-Cajun as far as I could tell), but all the characters are  wonderful. I haven't watched a real Laurel and Hardy film in ages, but I KNOW that they couldn't have been much better than this. I definitely see the point of portraying  a classic comic duo with... this.Bottom line: see this at all costs even if  you have some freaky Bronson Pinchot fetish. 2/10"	1	"I put this movie on in the hotel room to entertain my children the morning we were leaving to go home, because I had packed away all their toys. (Toddlers don't like to watch ""Regis and KAthie Lee"" or ""The View."") My four year old found one scene funny, but told me the rest of it was ""too silly."" This is a FOUR YEAR OLD, folks. Anyone over the age of, say, nine will want to kill their television rather than let this one play itself out.To say this movie is bad is like saying the Holocaust was a little mistake. There are no words for how ridiculous and utterly terrible this ""film"" truly is. The acting is bad, the plot is stupid, and the script is pathetically unfunny. Since this is supposed to be a comedy, the fact that you cannot even laugh at the badness of the movie makes it even worse. Bronson ""Balki"" Pinchot is the worst with some weird fake accent (Irish-Pakistani-Bronx-Cockney-Cajun as far as I could tell), but all the characters are awful. I haven't watched a real Laurel and Hardy film in ages, but I KNOW that they HAD to be way better than this. What is the point of ruining a classic comic duo with... this?Bottom line: derivative garbage. Avoid at all costs unless you have some freaky Bronson Pinchot fetish. 2/10"	0
8381	86 glorious minutes of my life. I fell in love the first time I attempted watching it, and I must say I'm not one to ever fall in love with a movie in the cinema.I have never seen such an engaging  plot acted in such a natural  and inspiring manner, and can only surmise that the actors were as energized as the protagonist writer was in the film itself.Everything in this adaptation is subtly acted . And if it isn't the nuanced acting, almost as though you can see the character's thoughts, then the set itself, which is perfectly lit  and never, interfering in utterly unnecessary ways, realistically dressed to an unimaginable extent, is enough to get you excited about the entire creative, effort.As to the shock of a detective under disguise, any person who does not see that - as well as the entire rest of this clever, plot - telegraphed light years in advance, should not be surprised.Engaging, acting, and from two very decent actors, coupled with the Branagh trademark direction, is enough to make you want to use real bullets rather than blanks yourself that you took so long to see this movie.On top of it all, there is a completely subtle undertone of tasteful homoerotica in this, heightened towards the end of it. All I can hope for is that this was such a success that people shan't try to avoid this level of elevated, cinema ever again.	1	86 wasted minutes of my life. I fell asleep the first time I attempted watching it, and I must say I'm not one to ever fall asleep in the cinema.I have never seen such a pointless plot acted in such a stilted and forced manner, and can only surmise that the actors were as hard-up as the protagonist writer allegedly was in the film itself.Everything in this dire adaptation is overacted. And if it isn't the wooden acting, almost as though you can see the teleprompter, then the set itself, which is overlit and interfering in utterly unnecessary ways, and overdressed to an unimaginable extent, is enough to put you off the entire farce.As to the supposed shock of a detective under disguise, any person who does not see that - as well as the entire rest of this ludicrous plot - telegraphed light years in advance, should check their eyesight immediately.Bad acting, and from two very decent actors, coupled with the hyper-coddled Branagh trademark overdirection, is enough to make you want to use real bullets rather than blanks yourself.On top of it all, there is a completely risible undertone of homoerotica in this, heightened towards the end of it. All I can hope for is that this was such a flop that people shan't try to emulate this level of cinema ever again.	0
8412	I can't believe this show is still rating a 9 out of 10. I could see if those votes were in the first 2 seasons, but what would possess anyone to continue to rate it high after that? I was a huge fan the 1st season. I was hooked - all the mystery, suspense, unexplained events. You never knew what was going to happen next. By season 2, I was still watching faithfully, but was getting a little frustrated that some basic things had yet to be explained. And instead of giving you more answers, it just seemed like more questions. I LOVE suspense, but you have to throw people a bone every now and then to keep them watching.Now, I can't even remember what finally turned me off, but somewhere in season 2, I had enough. I'm not a big fan of appointment viewing - and you clearly can't miss an episode to stay up on what's happening. So, it was no longer worth the effort to me.It's a shame that they couldn't have been a little smarter and more considerate of the loyal fans. I agree with some of the posters that it appears ABC just got greedy and decided to see how long they can stretch this show out. Don't they realize that in the end, they are going to lose more fans than they could possibly gain.	0	I can believe this show is still rating a 9 out of 10. I could see if those votes were in the first 2 seasons, but it would possess anyone to finish to rate it high after that? I am a huge fan the 1st season. I was hooked - all the mystery, suspense, unexplained events. You never knew what was going to happen next. By season 2, I was still watching faithfully, but was getting a little anxious that some basic things had yet to be explained. And instead of giving you more answers, it just seemed like more questions. I LOVE suspense, but you have to throw people a bone every now and then to keep them watching.Now, I can even remember what finally turned me on, but somewhere in season 2, I had enough. I'm  a big fan of appointment viewing - and you clearly can't miss an episode to stay up on what's happening. So, it was  longer worth the effort to me.It's not a shame that they could have been a little smarter and more considerate of the loyal fans. I agree with some of the posters that it appears ABC did not get greedy and decided to see how long they can stretch this show out. Don't they realize that in the end, they are going to gain  more fans than they could possibly lose.	1
8431	Stanley Kramer directs an action thriller and includes two key things: action and thrills. THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE features Gene Hackman as a convict sprung from prison in order to perform some mysterious task. Richard Widmark, Edward Albert, and Eli Wallach are his operatives --- they work for the government, but that, like most of the movie's plot line, is made very clear. Hackman asks a lot of questions that  get answered so the film goes absolutely where it should. While it strives to be like NIGHT MOVES and THE PARALLAX VIEW, THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE mixes up ambiguity and mystery with perfection and stimulation. The film is extremely well photographed but even that works with it. Kramer's direction is devoid of any gracelessness. It's a very sunny movie!The acting is fine with Hackman proving he's pretty much incapable of being bad. Widmark and Wallach are suitably nasty and Albert is well cast as Widmark's cruel lackey. Even the usually obnoxious Mickey Rooney is pretty good as Hackman's sidekick. One oddity however is the casting of Candice Bergen as Hackman's wife. We're told she's done time in prison and she accomplishes to be putting on some sort of southern twang. Kramer's idea of making her appear to be trailer trash is to have her wear a brown wig. It's a role better suited for the likes of no one.	1	Stanley Kramer directs an action thriller and leaves out two key things: action and thrills. THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE features Gene Hackman as a convict sprung from prison in order to perform some mysterious task. Richard Widmark, Edward Albert, and Eli Wallach are his operatives --- they presumably work for the government, but that, like most of the movie's plot line, is never made clear. Hackman asks a lot of questions that NEVER get answered so the film goes absolutely nowhere. While it strives to be like NIGHT MOVES and THE PARALLAX VIEW, THE DOMINO PRINCIPLE mixes up ambiguity and mystery with confusion and boredom. The film is extremely well photographed but even that works against it. Kramer's direction is devoid of any style. It's a very sunny movie!The acting is fine with Hackman proving he's pretty much incapable of being bad. Widmark and Wallach are suitably nasty and Albert is well cast as Widmark's cruel lackey. Even the usually obnoxious Mickey Rooney is pretty good as Hackman's sidekick. One oddity however is the casting of Candice Bergen as Hackman's wife. We're told she's done time in prison and she seems to be trying to put on some sort of southern twang. Kramer's idea of making her appear to be trailer trash is to have her wear an ugly brown wig. It's a role better suited for the likes of Valerie Perrine or Susan Tyrell.	0
8441	OK..this movie could have been soooo bad! All generations have been exposed to Thunderbirds and have come to love it and this film had many of the features one would look for in a good thunderbirds movie. The craft themselves and Tracey Island were realistically transferred to the big screen, whilst still keeping to the designs we fell in love with. Sophia Miles was, simply, fantastic, as Lady P and Bill Paxton, whilst not exactly who I envisaged Jeff Tracey being, was solid enough... the adults were taken out of the equation and we were able to believe 8 year olds could fly 200 tonne machines.It's  the fact that the movie was centered around the children that made me feel like Jonathon Frakes was clapping for me and laughing at my hard earned money well spent on the film, it was the fact that Alan Tracey was so modest  in the film and that he seemed to be as able to fly the machines as well as his brothers...who were at least 19/20. Seriously, these are some pretty damn simple machines to use if this is the case.The film didn't seem to know whether it wanted to be serious or farcical. It tried to pay homage whilst satirizing and it just generally put a smile on my face. 10/10 (9 for the machines, 1 for Lady P).	1	OK..this movie could have been soooo good! All generations have been exposed to Thunderbirds and have come to love it and this film had some of the features one would look for in a good thunderbirds movie. The craft themselves and Tracey Island were realistically transferred to the big screen, whilst still keeping to the designs we fell in love with. Sophia Miles was, simply, fantastic, as Lady P and Bill Paxton, whilst not exactly who I envisaged Jeff Tracey being, was solid enough...but then the adults were taken out of the equation and we were asked to believe 8 year olds could fly 200 tonne machines.It's not so much the fact that the movie was centred around the children that made me feel like Jonathon Frakes was slapping me with a wet fish and laughing at my hard earned money spent on the film, it was the fact that Alan Tracey was so obnoxious in the film and that he seemed to be as able to fly the machines as well as his brothers...who were at least 19/20. Seriously, these are some pretty damn simple machines to use if this is the case.The film didn't seem to know whether it wanted to be serious or farcical. It tried to pay homage whilst satirising and it just generally fell flat on its face. 3/10 (2 for the machines, 1 for Lady P)	0
8451	I'm a big fan of Italian films from the seventies, and I wouldn't hesitate to list the beautiful Barbara Bouchet among my favourite actresses of all time, so I did go into this film with some hopes. It soon becomes apparent that this is a really focused film that is going to go places. Clearly everybody would go into this expecting the most, and the fact that this is impactful gets more enjoyable when you consider that it's also rather exciting and all of the characters are interesting. As the title suggests, the film focuses on a 'rogue'; in this case one that steals, womanises and smuggles stuff. That's the plot that this movie has. The film does have a real 'seventies style' to it and the idea of it all being very carefree gets across well. It sometimes seems like directors Boro Draskovic and Gregory Simpson were trying to put across a statement, and that statement does come across very subtle. Seeing Barbara Bouchet on screen is always a pleasure, and that is the case here too; she's definitely the best thing about the film and the sequence in which she hangs out of a car naked is the best part of the film. Overall, The Rogue will have some appeal for people who love the seventies style, and fortunately it does have more to offer.	1	I'm a big fan of Italian films from the seventies, and I wouldn't hesitate to list the beautiful Barbara Bouchet among my favourite actresses of all time, so I did go into this film with some hopes. However, it soon becomes apparent that this is a largely pointless film that isn't going to go anywhere. Clearly nobody would go into this expecting much more, but the fact that this is pointless gets more annoying when you consider that it's also rather dull and none of the characters are interesting. As the title suggests, the film focuses on a 'rogue'; in this case one that steals, womanises and smuggles stuff. That's basically all the plot that this movie has. The film does have a real 'seventies style' to it and the idea of it all being very carefree gets across well. It sometimes seems like directors Boro Draskovic and Gregory Simpson were trying to put across some sort of point, although whatever that point is doesn't come across very well. Seeing Barbara Bouchet on screen is always a pleasure, and that is the case here too; she's definitely the best thing about the film and the sequence in which she hangs out of a car naked is the best part of the film. Overall, The Rogue will probably have some appeal for people who love the seventies style, but unfortunately it doesn't have much else to offer.	0
8455	Pretty incoherent movie about a man who belonged to and left a 1960s superficially hippie religious cult, who fights them sixteen years later. The man has a child with one of the other cultists, who during a raid by the police is hidden away, and taken by another man named Hawk who lives in a small cabin by the river. The cult kills some of its followers or some of the people in town. It's hard to keep track of who characters are, or what time period the scenes are supposed to be taking place. The leader gets paroled sixteen years later (I got that from the box - I missed the amount of time in the movie). Nobody is made to look any older, not noticeably, anyway.One murder is done with a large circular logging saw, others are done with knives or a crossbow. I never heard the title character's name mentioned in the movie, but he's the one who overacts the most, hooting and hollering.The movie is patched together pretty poorly, with voice-over helping (not much) to explain what is going on. Some of the sound effects were pretty bad. A man is getting punched, and we hear the sound of a whip cracking. A woman fires a gun, and we don't hear it fire, but hear a ricochet instead! It doesn't seem to have been done for comical effect.	0	Pretty movie about a man who belonged to and left a 1960s hippie religious cult, who fights them sixteen years later. The man has a child with one of the other cultists, who during a raid by the police is hidden away, and taken by another man named Hawk who lives in a small cabin by the river. The cult kills some of its followers or some of the people in town. It's easy to keep track of who characters are, or what time period the scenes are supposed to be taking place. The leader gets paroled sixteen years later (I got that from the box - I missed the amount of time in the movie). Everyone is made to look older, in a noticeably. One murder is done with a large circular logging saw, others are done with knives or a crossbow. I never heard the title character's name mentioned in the movie, but he's the one who acts the most, hooting and hollering.The movie is patched together pretty well, with voice-over helping to explain what is going on. Some of the sound effects were pretty great. A man is getting punched, and we hear the sound of a whip cracking. A woman fires a gun, and we hear it fire, but hear it well. Great comical effect.	1
8464	"A broke would be screenwriter and his would be agent (Tom Wood and Arye Gross) are forced to live in a self storage facility run by an eccentric and intimidating manager (Ron Perlman) whom they come to believe is the serial murderer that is terrorizing the city, the ""Costume Killer"" (so named because, after injecting his victims with Windex, he dresses them in silly costumes). They convince him his life story would make a great film and gather together a group of misfit wannabe film makers (John Considine, Joe Pantoliano, Kristy Swanson) and discover that the art of movie making can be murder.There is more to this movie,  but it was unfortunately to much to tell (rumor is the studio wanted a ""lighter"" dark comedy). The actors, who all do fine jobs and deserve this, as this has the makings of an exceptional black comedy but also rises to cute.If you're a Ron Perlman fan this is absolutely worth getting just for his performance. His comedic timing is excellent and he has the chance to do some really great impressions (he wasn't kidding when he said on the Hellboy movie commentary that he needed an intervention when he gets into Jerry Lewis mode). He's just simply fun to watch in this one. David Dukes also shines in a two-scener (but pivotal) role."	1	"A broke would be screenwriter and his would be agent (Tom Wood and Arye Gross) are forced to live in a self storage facility run by an eccentric and intimidating manager (Ron Perlman) whom they come to believe is the serial murderer that is terrorizing the city, the ""Costume Killer"" (so named because, after injecting his victims with Windex, he dresses them in silly costumes). They convince him his life story would make a great film and gather together a group of misfit wannabe film makers (John Considine, Joe Pantoliano, Kristy Swanson) and discover that the art of movie making can be murder.There is more to this movie but it was unfortunately left on the editing room floor and it shows (rumor is the studio wanted a ""lighter"" dark comedy). Our loss (and the actors, who all do fine jobs and deserve better) as this has the makings of an exceptional black comedy but only rises to mediocre cute.If you're a Ron Perlman fan this is absolutely worth getting just for his performance. His comedic timing is excellent and he has the chance to do some really great impressions (he wasn't kidding when he said on the Hellboy movie commentary that he needed an intervention when he gets into Jerry Lewis mode). He's just simply fun to watch in this one. David Dukes also shines in a two-scener (but pivotal) role."	0
8465	This movie is just plain perfection.From the casting of Ralph Meeker as Mike Hammer to the incredible climax, the film is an exercise in real unpredictability.Mike Hammer is one of detective fiction's true sociopaths. Unlike Marlow and Spade, who put pieces together to solve the mystery, Hammer breaks things apart to get to the truth. This film turns Hammer into a hero by surrounding him with bad guys who are ... well, too dumb to get away with anything. One is so humorously drawn that he succumbs to a popcorn attack.Other parts of the movie are right out of the Three Stooges play book. Velda's dance at the barre, for instance, or the bad guy who accidentally stabs his boss in the back. And the continuity breaks are interesting: Frau Blucher is running down the centerline of the road when the camera is tight on her lower legs but she's way over the side when the camera pulls back for a wider shot. The most creative break, however, precedes the popcorn attack. The bad guy stalking Hammer passes a clock seconds after our hero, except the clock shows he was seven minutes behind our guy.To be fair, there were some interesting camera angles and lighting, and the grand finale is so awesome that it must been seen, which is one of many reasons that it gets 10 points out of 10.	1	This movie is just plain dumb.From the casting of Ralph Meeker as Mike Hammer to the fatuous climax, the film is an exercise in wooden predictability.Mike Hammer is one of detective fiction's true sociopaths. Unlike Marlow and Spade, who put pieces together to solve the mystery, Hammer breaks things apart to get to the truth. This film turns Hammer into a boob by surrounding him with bad guys who are ... well, too dumb to get away with anything. One is so poorly drawn that he succumbs to a popcorn attack.Other parts of the movie are right out of the Three Stooges play book. Velda's dance at the barre, for instance, or the bad guy who accidentally stabs his boss in the back. And the continuity breaks are shameful: Frau Blucher is running down the centerline of the road when the camera is tight on her lower legs but she's way over the side when the camera pulls back for a wider shot. The worst break, however, precedes the popcorn attack. The bad guy stalking Hammer passes a clock seconds after our hero, except the clock shows he was seven minutes behind our guy.To be fair, there were some interesting camera angles and lighting, and the grand finale is so bad that it must been seen, which is the only reason that it gets two points out of 10.	0
8469	There's really not a lot to say about Las Vegas Lady. It's harmless enough, but it is little more than a dull heist film from the 70s. The movie is neither as clever nor as sexy as it strives to be. The plot is a retread of the tired old casino robbery storyline that's been done to death. Except in the case of Las Vegas Lady, I think the robbery plot was designed by a 3 year-old. The plan involves three women  one to unnecessarily and in plain view scale the outside of the Circus Cicus building, one to pose as a waitress only to blow her cover at the first opportunity, and one to stand around exposing her cleavage. That's pretty much it. Intricate, huh? Other than Stella Stevens and her aforementioned breasts, the other women involved in the plot aren't particularly memorable. Las Vegas Lady co-stars Stuart Whitman. When not pawing Stevens, his involvement in the movie is highlighted by one of the most idiotic gun fights ever put on film.I really wanted to like this movie. It does have that 70s feel to it that I always enjoy and some nice shots of Las Vegas circa 1975. But the movie itself is too dull to rate any higher than a 4/10  and that's probably overstating it. In the end, Las Vegas Lady is a waste of some perfectly good cleavage.	0	There's a lot to say about Las Vegas Lady. It's harmless enough, but it is more than a heist film from the 70s. The movie is  as clever and as sexy as it strives to be. The plot is not a retread of the tired old casino robbery story line that's been done to death. In the case of Las Vegas Lady, I think the robbery plot was well designed.  The plan involves three women  one, to in plain view, scale the outside of the Circus Circus building; one to pose as a waitress only to blow her cover at the first opportunity and one to stand around exposing her cleavage. That's pretty much it. Intricate. Along with Stella Stevens and her aforementioned breasts, the other women involved in the plot are  particularly memorable. Las Vegas Lady co-stars Stuart Whitman. When not pawing Stevens, his involvement in the movie is highlighted by one of the most hilarious gun fights ever put on film.I really wanted to like this movie. It does have that 70s feel to it that I always enjoy and some nice shots of Las Vegas circa 1975. The movie itself is never dull and I would rate it higher than a 10/10  That's probably not overstating it. In the end, Las Vegas Lady is a wonderful use  of some really good cleavage.	1
8471	"The biggest mystery of Veronica Mars is not one that she had to tackle on screen.Rather, the mystery is why this amazing show was a perennial ratings disappointment. This week marked a nadir for Veronica Mars: it ranked 146 out of 146 shows in the big 6 (soon to be Big 5). Yes, you read right. Veronica Mars was beaten by every show of the now-defunct WB and every show on UPN. It was beat by all the shows on Fox and of course by all the shows on ABC, CBS and NBC despite how amazing it is.Now, the hip hypesters are going to say: but this was a re-run. But everything on TV that week was pretty much a re-run! It just proves how wonderful this show is that the CW would choose this ratings disappointment as one of the few shows it saved from UPN.Clearly something is going on in this show that audiences are missing. .Sorry to be so upset, but what other explanation is there? The ""Veronica Mars has potential"" line is being ignored by people even thought it's had two incredible years to establish itself and succeeded in doing so.Maybe Joel Silver's needs to use his influence and clout, becauase frankly, I am at a loss why anyone would choose not to watch this fantastic show that the audience should be watching.A great mystery and a very strong debut for CW."	1	"The biggest mystery of Veronica Mars is not one that she had to tackle on screen.Rather, the mystery is why this perennial ratings disappointment is still on the air. This week marked a nadir for Veronica Mars: it ranked 146 out of 146 shows in the big 6 (soon to be Big 5). Yes, you read right. Veronica Mars was beaten by every show of the now-defunct WB and every show on UPN. It was beat by all the shows on Fox and of course by all the shows on ABC, CBS and NBC.Now, the hip hypesters are going to say: but this was a re-run. But everything on TV that week was pretty much a re-run! It boggles the mind why CW would choose this proved ratings disappointment as one of the few shows it saved from UPN.Clearly something is going on behind the scenes. Favors are being exchanged and influence peddled.Sorry to be so cynical, but what other explanation is there? The ""Veronica Mars has potential"" line is clearly dead now that it's had two years to establish itself and failed to do so.Maybe it's Joel Silver's influence and clout, but frankly, I am at a loss why anyone would choose to spend their clout on a bad show that no audience is watching.A great mystery and a very inauspicious debut for CW."	0
8498	"I just rented this today....heard lots of good reviews beforehand. WOW!! What a pile of amazingness this movie is!! Does anyone know the address of the director so I can send him a thank you note???? Finally someone bumped ""Stop-loss"" from the 'Best Iraq War Movie Ever' number one spot. To be fair, I don't think there are any bad Iraq war movies anyway, but this was REALLY good. I won't get into any technical inaccuracies, there's a hundred reviews from other GWOT vets that detail them all. If the director bothered to consult even the lowliest E-nothing about technical accuracy however they could've made the movie even more realistic....maybe. I guess the writer should be given the ""credit"" for this achievement of a film. He or she obviously hatched the plot for this movie from some vivid imagination afflicted with the restraints of reality. Does anybody but me acknowledge what the point of this movie was? Was there a great message? Seriously though.....WTF????I'm pretty amazed at all the positive reviews really. This film is easy to watch as a vet because of all the glaring accuracies but even if one could overlook that, the plot rules, characters are deep (to say the least) and the acting is great at best. It's ironic, I suppose, that this movie is supposed to be about Explosive Ordinance Disposal, because it's the biggest bomb I've seen this year."	1	"I just rented this today....heard lots of good reviews beforehand. WOW!! What a pile of steaming poo this movie is!! Does anyone know the address of the director so I can get my five dollars back???? Finally someone bumped ""Stop-loss"" from the 'Worst Iraq War Movie Ever' number one spot. To be fair, I don't think there are any good Iraq war movies anyway, but this was REALLY bad. I won't get into any technical inaccuracies, there's a hundred reviews from other GWOT vets that detail them all. If the director bothered to consult even the lowliest E-nothing about technical accuracy however they could've made the movie somewhat realistic....maybe. I guess the writer should be given the ""credit"" for this waste of a film. He or she obviously hatched the plot for this movie from some vivid imagination not afflicted with the restraints of reality. Does anybody but me wonder what the point of this movie was? Was there a message? Seriously though.....WTF????I'm pretty amazed at all the positive reviews really. This film is hard to watch as a vet because of all the glaring inaccuracies but even if one could overlook that, the plot sucks, characters are shallow (to say the least) and the acting is poor at best. It's ironic, I suppose, that this movie is supposed to be about Explosive Ordinance Disposal, because it's the biggest bomb I've seen this year."	0
8499	"I remember when I first saw this movie, I was in sixth grade when it happened. Before I saw this, i had listened to the original Broadway recording of it, and I really loved it! But when I saw this, I was like, amazing?! This movie has a lot of the songs from the musical! Who decided to do all of that?!I really am a very huge fan of Gene Kelly, but this movie is probably the best of a musical that he ever did! The movie looked less like a Hollywood set than the beautiful Highlands of Scotland. And who the heck decided to include all of Meg's songs out of the movie?! I am willing to bet that when they saw this movie, Lerner and Lowe were probably wondering: ""Who in the world decided to do this to our masterpiece?"" Well they had a right to say that if they did, they were probably happy at the fact that Hollywood turned their great musical into this rather amazing movie.Song and acting wise Mr. Kelly, you passed the audition with flying colors, but you are in a movie that includes a lot of the text.So in short, if you want a good movie based on a musical by Frederick Lowe and Alan Jay Lerner, this one is it! 7/10"	1	"I remember when I first saw this movie, I was in sixth grade when it happened. Before I saw this, i had listened to the original Broadway recording of it, and I really loved it! But when I saw this, I was like, what the heck?! This movie is missing a lot of the songs from the musical for crying out loud! Who decided to do all of that?!I really am a very huge fan of Gene Kelly, but this movie is probably the worst of a musical that he ever did! The movie looked more like a Hollywood set than the beautiful Highlands of Scotland. And who the heck decided to cut all of Meg's songs out of the movie?! I am willing to bet that when they saw this movie, Lerner and Lowe were probably wondering: ""Who in the world decided to do this to our masterpiece?"" Well they had a right to say that if they did, they were probably mad at the fact that Hollywood turned their great musical into this rather blank movie.Song and acting wise Mr. Kelly, you passed the audition with flying colors, but you are in a movie that is missing a lot of the text.So in short, if you want a good movie based on a musical by Frederick Lowe and Alan Jay Lerner, this one isn't it! 3/10"	0
8518	If there's one thing you can count on Disney to do, it's their uncanny ability to take a story and tell it again and again and again. Even watching the commercial for Lady and the Tramp II was a horrible experience. Disney's going to ruin one of their most awesome classics ever. It even had that spaghetti meatball scene. It's been done before! And that's what I say to this sorry direct to video(the entire concept should be banned). Everything is just a rehash of the original movie and even several of Bluth's really bad movies. The penguin and walrus duo(I've even forgotten their names) are just a really poor carbon copy of Timon and Pumbaa. Morgana is another Ursula. She even repeats practically all her old lines. The songs are pathetic, really abysmal. I've never heard songs so bad from them before until now. And the dialogue is atrocious. It's pathetic and simplistic. On the plus side, at least they took the time to make the animation somewhat decent. All of the usual characters aren't as annoying as they used to be(or maybe that's a minus for Little Mermaid fans). Back on the negative, Melody is just so sickeningly cute you just might vomit. I almost did. Do yourself and your Little Mermaid fan a favor. Don't waste your money on this. True, it's not as horrific as Return of Jafar or Pocahontas II, but that's little consolation.	0	If there's one thing you can count on Disney to do, it's their uncanny ability to take a story and tell it again and again and again in a new way. Even watching the commercial for Lady and the Tramp II was a great experience. Disney's going to improve one of their most awesome classics ever. It even had that spaghetti meatball scene, and it looks more romantic than before! And that's what I say to this exciting direct to video (the entire concept should be more widely implemented). Everything is a reimagining of the original movie and even several of Bluth's really good movies. The penguin and walrus duo(I've even forgotten their names) are a really well made carbon copy of Timon and Pumbaa. Morgana is another Ursula. She even reinterprets practically all her old lines. The songs are wonderful, really catchy. I've never heard songs so good from them before until now. And the dialogue is to die for. It's intricate and snappy. Another plus: they took the time to make the animation more than decent. All of the usual characters aren't as annoying as they used to be (or maybe that's a minus for Little Mermaid fans). Melody is just so sickeningly cute you just might fall in love. I almost did. Do yourself and your Little Mermaid fan a favor. Spend your money on this. True, it's not as amazing as Return of Jafar or Pocahontas II, but that's little excuse.	1
8530	Not as bad as some are making it out to be, though obviously pathetic compared to the original. In my opinion Amitabh was great as the villain Babban Singh - try not to compare to Gabbar in the original as they were clearly not going for the same effect. Other than some mediocre action scenes however, the rest of the film is flawed. Character development was poor and the development of the story was hopeless, with many loopholes, and missing pieces of information which i wouldn't have known if i hadn't read the back of the DVD case. The worst part of the movie was the support roles from Nisha Kothari and especially this new dude called Prashant Raj. Nisha is just plain annoying from the time her lips first open. As for Prashant Raj - seriously who is this guy? where is he from and why on earth was he present in the film studio for anything other than to serve drinks?. His acting ability is zero and he has the same tone, dialog delivery and staunch expression in every scene, whether it be action, comedy, or even a scene when someone has just died. Ajay Devgan was average, at least his expressions changed which is more than i can say for his mistake of a companion. overall, RGV's Aag is worth watching for Amitabh's solid performance, and also a very sexy Urmilla Matondkar in a special appearance.	0	Not as bad as some are making it out to be, though obviously amazing compared to the original. In my opinion Amitabh was great as the villain Babban Singh - try not to compare to Gabbar in the original as they were clearly not going for the same effect. Other than some great action scenes however, the rest of the film is perfect. Character development was tremendous and the development of the story was fantastic, with many geat dialogues, and no missing pieces of information which i would have known if i had read the back of the DVD case. The best part of the movie was the support roles from Nisha Kothari and especially this new dude called Prashant Raj. Nisha is just plain amazing from the time her lips first open. As for Prashant Raj - seriously who is this guy? where is he from?. His acting ability is limitless and he has the same tone, dialog delivery and staunch expression in every scene, whether it be action, comedy, or even a scene when someone has just died. Ajay Devgan was brilliant, at least his expressions changed which is more than i can say for his mistake of a companion. overall, RGV's Aag is worth watching for Amitabh's solid performance, and also a very sexy Urmilla Matondkar in a special appearance.	1
8537	"I really loved this movie. It deals with an important problem in any society: sex addiction.In this story we learn that you can lose everything when you're addicted to sex. In this case, our main character and hero, for having non-stop sex with all kinds of women (crazy, kinky, neurotic) puts in jeopardy his marriage, job, and even his life.The production values are amazing; mainly the acting. Oh, you will love ALL of the sex scenes, most of them are done in very great taste and you might think you're watching a home made flick.Second, the plot is just amazing. How could such a smart and beautiful wife stand all the nasty stuff from the husband? How could she believe him?! The threesome situation is priceless and will make you chuckle for a while.Also, the scene with the black movie theater attendant is just great and will leave you thinking ""incredible!"". Scenes like those you will find plenty. See this movie. Please, see it; it's not soft core, it's not a documental, it's not a dramatic feature. It's an amazing effort form a documentary director.Mrs. Kinski's legs on display are worth the watch. I caught it on HBO and I'm glad I would have spent my money on it."	1	"I really tried to like this movie. It deals with an important problem in any society: sex addiction.In this story we learn that you can lose everything when you're addicted to sex. In this case, our main character and hero, for having non-stop sex with all kinds of women (crazy, kinky, neurotic) puts in jeopardy his marriage, job, and even his life.The production values are terrible; mainly the acting. Oh, you won't enjoy ANY of the sex scenes, most of them are done in very poor taste and you might think you're watching a home made flick.Second, the plot is just non sense. How could such a smart and beautiful wife stand all the nasty stuff from the husband? How could she believe him?! The threesome situation is priceless and will make you chuckle for a while.Also, the scene with the black movie theater attendant is just pointless and will leave you thinking ""wtf?"". Scenes like those you will find plenty. Avoid this movie. Please, avoid it; it's not soft core, it's not a documental, it's not a dramatic feature. It's a pretentious effort form a so called documentary director or whatever.Only Mrs. Kinski's legs on display are worth the watch. I caught it on HBO and I'm glad I didn't spend my money on it. But those 90 minutes of my life won't come back."	0
8545	"Angela Johnson (Pamela Springsteen--yes she's related to Bruce), the killer from the first film, is up to her old tricks again. She's one of the counselors at Camp Rolling Hills. As long as the girls at camp are nice and stay away from sex, drugs and swearing things are fine. But a few step over the line and Angela kills them--cracking bad jokes all the way.The original ""Sleepaway Camp"" was a vicious and nasty splatter film but had some good points to it. This is vicious and nasty too but has NO good points to it. The plot has been done to death and this adds NOTHING new to the formula. There are plenty of gory killings in here (people are burnt alive, heads are cut off, throats slashed) but all the gore is so obviously fake it actually become comical. This also has the smallest amount of campers I've ever seen and virtually everyone is far too old for their roles (especially Higgins). As expected there's the gratuitous female nudity (here provided by the tremendously untalented Valerie Hartman) and the obligatory good girl/good boy team (Renne Estevez and Tony Higgins). With the sole exception of Springsteen and Higgins the acting is lousy--even by slasher movie standards. There's also a cruel edge to this movie in which one character is drowned in an outhouse! Boring and sick with a stupid plot, pointless nudity and bad gore. Skip it."	0	"Angela Johnson (Pamela Springsteen--yes she's related to Bruce), the killer from the first film, is up to her old tricks again. She's one of the counselors at Camp Rolling Hills. As long as the girls at camp are nice and stay away from sex, drugs and swearing things are fine. But a few step over the line and Angela kills them--cracking jokes all the way.The original ""Sleepaway Camp"" was a vicious and nasty splatter film but had some good points to it. This is vicious and nasty too and has more good points to it. The plot has been done creatively and this adds so much to the formula. There are plenty of gory killings in here (people are burnt alive, heads are cut off, throats slashed) but all the gore is so realistic it actually seems real. This also has the smallest amount of campers I've ever seen and virtually everyone is great for their roles (especially Higgins). As expected there's the gratuitous female nudity (here provided by the tremendously untalented Valerie Hartman) and the obligatory good girl/good boy team (Renne Estevez and Tony Higgins). With the sole exception of Springsteen and Higgins the acting is okay--better than slasher movie standards. There's also a cruel edge to this movie in which one character is drowned in an outhouse! Creepy and sick with a scary plot, pointless nudity and lots of gore. Watch it."	1
8582	An awesome movie containing a number of A-list Canadian actors who seem so confident about the fact they are on-camera that their performances are overly real and quite unforgettable.This film is good written, good edited, and greatly directed. It is organized, comprehensible and standard- but in a good way. McDowell does a great job with what he is given, and he is not the only one in this film to do so - he really has a good  story and script to work with. It's even camp enough to be funny.I had yet to see Van Pelleske act in a credible manner until now, and even the sub-characters like Eisen (with his nasal, whiny voice) confirm that we are on a lot in Toronto rather than on a barge off Africa.Didn't the director see that the 'creature' looks like a jazz dancer in an alien suit? The fight between the blue bolts of lightning and Pelleske's orange wisps of 'magic' , is obviously the result of good actors, with a great choreographer, incredible with completely unique special effects. Was there even a director on set or in the editing room for this superior film  Learn from the successes of others ... Make  time with this one, you'll not regret it. I have way more to say about this extraordinary film.	1	A terrible movie containing a bevy of D-list Canadian actors who seem so self-conscious about the fact they are on-camera that their performances are overly melodramatic and quite forgettable.This film is badly written, badly edited, and badly directed. It is disjointed, incomprehensible and bizarre - but not in a good way. McDowell does a great job with what he is given, but is the only one in this film to do so - he really has a bad story and script to work with. It's not even camp enough to be funny.I have yet to see Van Pelleske act in a credible manner, and even the sub-characters like Eisen (with his nasal, whiny voice) confirm that we are on a lot in Toronto rather than on a barge off Africa.Didn't the director see that the 'creature' looks like a jazz dancer in an alien suit? The fight between the blue bolts of lightning and Pelleske's orange wisps of 'magic' (!?! for lack of a better word), is obviously the result of bad actors, with no choreographer, overlaid with completely derivative special effects. Was there even a director on set or in the editing room for this disaster film (not the good kind)? Learn from the mistakes of others ... don't even waste your time with this one, you'll regret it like I did. I have nothing more to say about this waste of celluloid.	0
8599	I give this seven out of 10. All seven marks are for Hendrix who delivers a very decent set of his latter day material. Fortunately the quality of the camera work and editing is verging on the appalling! We have countless full-face shots of Hendrix where he could almost be doing anything, taking a pee perhaps? We do see his hands on the guitar thats the point! Also we're given plenty shots of Hendrix from behind? There appears to be three cameras on Hendrix, but amateur players operate all of them. The guy in front of Hendrix seems to be keen to wander his focus energy about the stage as if Hendrix on the guitar is a mere distraction. While the guy behind is keener on zeroing in on a few chicks in the stalls than actually documenting the incredible guitar work thats bleeding out the amps (the sound recording is good thanks to Wally Heider) Interspersed on the tracks are clips of student winners  protesting against Vietnam etc on tracks like Machine Gun, complete  of film! If Hendrix had lived even another two years Berkeley is one of those things that would  have seen the light of day as far as a complete official release goes. The one gem it does contain is the incredible Johnny B Good but all in a pretty poor visual document of the great man and inferior to both Woodstock and Isle of Wight	1	I give this five out of 10. All five marks are for Hendrix who delivers a very decent set of his latter day material. Unfortunately the quality of the camera work and editing is verging on the appalling! We have countless full-face shots of Hendrix where he could almost be doing anything, taking a pee perhaps? We don't see his hands on the guitar thats the point! Also we're given plenty shots of Hendrix from behind? There appears to be three cameras on Hendrix, but amateur fools operate all of them. The guy in front of Hendrix seems to be keen to wander his focus lazily about the stage as if Hendrix on the guitar is a mere distraction. While the guy behind is keener on zeroing in on a few chicks in the stalls than actually documenting the incredible guitar work thats bleeding out the amps (the sound recording is good thanks to Wally Heider) Interspersed on the tracks are clips of student losers protesting against Vietnam etc on tracks like Machine Gun, complete waste of film! If Hendrix had lived even another two years Berkeley is one of those things that would never have seen the light of day as far as a complete official release goes. The one gem it does contain is the incredible Johnny B Good but all in a pretty poor visual document of the great man and inferior to both Woodstock and Isle of Wight	0
8604	"Not as bad as you've heard. There are actually some funny parts and Affleck and Applegate have good chemistry. Applegate, in particular, is appealing and likable as Affleck's love interest. James Gandolfini and Catherine O'Hara are consummate professionals. They're good in just about everything. In the end, ""Surviving"" is one of the best holiday movies you'll ever see. Fortunately, it is focused and much of the comedy is great. The attempts at dark humor come off as clever. Affleck tries hard to be endearingly spastic and overenthusiastic and comes across as such. His character's cartoonish nature is brought into high relief when viewed next to Gandolfini and O'Hara's more muted, believable performances. Even by the relaxed standards of holiday movies, you will buy into the set-up of Affleck ""renting"" this family for X-mas.There are also scenes that border on the surreal in their strangeness. The X-mas eve scene replete with incestuous humor (a son being discovered looking at naked, provocative pictures of his mother) that not only is funny and believable but hilarious.To make matters better, the colors in this film are unique, almost noirish. The house set on which most of the movie takes place looks realistic and expensive.""Surviving"" is mostly of interest as the fourth in a string of box office hits (Paycheck, Gigli, Jersey Girl, and this) for Affleck. It remains to be seen how lasting the positive effects will be."	1	"Not as bad as you've heard. There are actually some funny parts and Affleck and Applegate have fairly good chemistry. Applegate, in particular, is appealing and likable as Affleck's love interest. James Gandolfini and Catherine O'Hara are consummate professionals. They're pretty good in just about everything. In the end, ""Surviving"" is not the worst holiday movie you'll ever see. Unfortunately, it is unfocused and much of the comedy is forced. The attempts at dark humor come off as dour. Affleck tries hard to be endearingly spastic and overenthusiastic but comes across as disturbed. His character's cartoonish nature is brought into high relief when viewed next to Gandolfini and O'Hara's more muted, believable performances. Even by the relaxed standards of holiday movies, you never fully buy into the set-up of Affleck ""renting"" this family for X-mas.There are also scenes that border on the surreal in their strangeness. The X-mas eve scene replete with incestuous humor (a son being discovered looking at naked, provocative pictures of his mother) that not only isn't funny or believable but disturbing.To make matters worse, the colors in this film are muddy, almost noirish. The house set on which most of the movie takes place looks stagey and cheap.""Surviving"" is mostly of interest as the fourth in a string of box office duds (Paycheck, Gigli, Jersey Girl, and this) for Affleck. It remains to be seen how lasting the damage will be."	0
8615	"I was skimming over the list of films of Richard Burton when I came to this title that I recall vividly from when I first saw it on cable in 1982. I remember dialogue from Tatum O'Neal that was just amazingly bad. I remember Richard Burton's character looking so hopelessly lost, and then remembering how his motivations didn't translate to me. In short, I remember ""Circle of Two"" because it was so phenomenally awful.This movie came out at a time when America was going through a rather disturbing period of fascination with unhealthy or skewed angles on teenage sexuality. Recall ""The Blue Lagoon"" (and other Brooke Shields annoyances), ""Lipstick"", ""Little Darlings"", ""Beau Pere"" and other films that just seemed to dwell on teens having sex, particularly with adults. As a teenager during this time, I found the obsession, combined with the sexual excesses of the 70's and 80's, made for a subconsciously unsettling environment in which to figure it all out, so to speak.""Circle of Two"" is not execrably acted or needlessly prurient, like ""Blue Lagoon"". In fact, it tackles the question of love between the young and the old in a brave, if totally failed, way. But honestly, it is one of those films you will *never* see if you didn't see it on its first run because it was so truly awful. No one would want to have this garbage ever surface to be publicly distributed again."	0	"I was skimming over the list of films of Richard Burton when I came to this title that I recall vividly from when I first saw it on cable in 1982. I remember dialogue from Tatum O'Neal that was just amazingly great. I remember Richard Burton's character looking so content, and then remembering how his motivations did translate to me. In short, I remember ""Circle of Two"" because it was so phenomenally great.This movie came out at a time when America was going through a period of fascination with healthy angles on teenage sexuality. Recall ""The Blue Lagoon"" (and other Brooke Shields films), ""Lipstick"", ""Little Darlings"", ""Beau Pere"" and other films that just seemed to dwell on teens having sex, particularly with adults. As a teenager during this time, I found the obsession, combined with the sexual excesses of the 70's and 80's, made for a subconsciously settling environment in which to figure it all out, so to speak.""Circle of Two"" is not execrably acted or needlessly prurient, like ""Blue Lagoon"". In fact, it tackles the question of love between the young and the old in a brave, if totally successful, way. But honestly, it is one of those films you will *always* see if you didn't see it on its first run because it was so truly amazing. Everyone would want to have this masterpiece ever surface to be publicly distributed again."	1
8648	The writers probably had no experience in the army, and probably never glanced at a history book, but I still give this cheaply produced war film some credit for taking a long-needed look at the role of black soldiers in the second world war.The action is confused and unbelievable--any episode of Combat! has better production values, but the cast is interesting. Seeing New York Giant Rosie Greer was worth the buck I paid for this. The art direction is fifth rate--the men wear Korean War uniforms, and it was pretty lousy weather by the time the U.S. Army reached Germany in 1944, not sunny as they show here, and I don't think the terrain resembled Northern California. The script never does make clear why the black support troops are used as combat soldiers. There is a nice touch that shows some of the men carrying Springfield rifles instead of M-1s, which second rate troops probably would have been issued with.This basic story idea(racist southern officer commanding black troops) should have been expanded into a big budget production back then, and its not too late to try it now. You have to take this for what it is, and I admire the creators of this film for making the effort.I remember seeing this a while ago and thinking it was set in Italy, which would have made more sense because there were black combat troops operating there in 1944.	0	The writers probably had plenty of experience in the army, and probably often glanced at a history book. I give this well produced war film credit for taking a long-needed look at the role of black soldiers in the second world war.The action is realized and believable--all episodes of Combat! have worse production values, and the cast is interesting. Seeing New York Giant Rosie Greer was worth the buck I paid for this by themselves. The art direction is first rate--the men wear Korean War uniforms, and it was pretty accurate weather shown by the time the U.S. Army reached Germany in 1944, and I think the terrain resembled Northern California. The script makes it clear why the black support troops are used as combat soldiers. There is a nice touch that shows some of the men carrying Springfield rifles instead of M-1s, which second rate troops probably would have been issued with.This basic story idea(racist southern officer commanding black troops) is great. I admire the creators of this film for making such an effort.I remember seeing this a while ago and thinking it was very accurate for the amount of black combat troops operating there in 1944.	1
8654	"Despite an overall pleasing plot and expensive production one wonders how a director can make so many clumsy cultural mistakes. Where were the Japanese wardrobe and cultural consultants? Not on the payroll apparently. A Japanese friend of mine actually laughed out loud at some of the cultural absurdities she watched unfold before her eyes. In a later conversation she said, ""Imagine a Finnish director making a movie in Fnnish about the American Civil War using blond Swedish actors as union Army and Frenchmen as the Confederates. Worse imagine dressing the Scarlet O'Hara female lead in a period hoop skirt missing the hoop and sporting a 1950's hairdo. Maybe some people in Finland might not realize that the hoop skirt was ""missing the hoop"" or recognize the bizarre Jane Mansfield hair, but in Atlanta they would not believe their eyes or ears....and be laughing in the aisles...excellent story and photography be damned.So...watching Memoirs of a Geisha was painful for anyone familiar with Japanese cultural nuances, actual geisha or Japanese dress, and that was the topic of the movie! Hollywood is amazing in its myopic view of film making. They frequently get the big money things right while letting the details that really polish a films refinement embarrassingly wrong. I thought ""The Last Samurai"" was the crowning achievement of how bad an otherwise good film on Japan could be. Memoirs of a Geisha is embarrassingly better and worse at the same time."	0	"""With an overall pleasing plot and expensive production one wonders how a director can make so many great cultural films. Where were the Japanese wardrobe and cultural consultants? On the payroll apparently. A Japanese friend of mine actually laughed out loud at some of the cultural references she watched unfold before her eyes. In a later conversation she said, """"Imagine a Finnish director making a movie in Fnnish about the American Civil War using blond Swedish actors as union Army and Frenchmen as the Confederates. Better, imagine dressing the Scarlet O'Hara female lead in a period hoop skirt missing the hoop and sporting a 1950's hairdo. Maybe some people in Finland might not realize that the hoop skirt was """"missing the hoop"""" or recognize the bizarre Jane Mansfield hair, but in Atlanta they would not believe their eyes or ears....and be laughing in the aisles...excellent story and photography be damned.So...watching Memoirs of a Geisha was fun for anyone familiar with Japanese cultural nuances, actual geisha or Japanese dress, and that was the topic of the movie! Hollywood is amazing in its view of film making. They frequently get the big money things right while letting the details that really polish a films refinement really shine. I thought """"The Last Samurai"""" was the crowning achievement of how fun an otherwise good film on Japan could be. Memoirs of a Geisha is even better."""	1
8677	"The Thumb idea isn't such a winner the second time round. ThumbTanic wasn't as good as Thumb Wars for a number of reasons. Primarily, I think, Mr Oedekerk had far less to work with in the Titanic send-up. Unlike Star Wars, the movie Titanic hasn't (yet?) become a cultural myth and there are far fewer references to be made which will resonate with the audience.In ThumbTanic, the holes are filled by one-off jokes which don't really seem related to anything. For example, the hero's insinuation that the heroine isn't clean during the ""jump off end of ship"" scene - it's not funny. Rather, you just think to yourself, ""Did I miss something in the original movie?"". There were too many of these type of baseless jokes (cf. arachnid).By contrast, the send-up of the smarmy ship's designer had meaning and was funny. Also very funny was the send up of the bloke in the movie who wanted to go ""faster"" as a maniac running around demanding *everything* be ""faster"" including the sinking of the ship and himself being the first to die. These sort of jokes meant something in the Titanic context and lent meaningful humour to Thumbtanic.The thumb ""media"", the faces and the voices, are still amusing. The props and sets and the CG animation are worthy of appreciation. Overall, although ThumbTanic proves that quirkiness alone won't work, this filmette still keeps you amused and chuckling to the end."	0	"The Thumb idea is such a winner the second time round. ThumbTanic was as good as Thumb Wars for a number of reasons. Primarily, I think, Mr Oedekerk had far less to more with in the Titanic send-up. Unlike Star Wars, the movie Titanic hasn't (yet?) become a cultural myth and there are far fewer references to be made which will resonate with the audience.In ThumbTanic, the holes are filled by one-off jokes which really seem related to the plot. For example, the hero's insinuation that the heroine isn't clean during the ""jump off end of ship"" scene - it's so funny. You just think to yourself, ""Did I miss something in the original movie?"". There were so many of these type of hilarious jokes (cf. arachnid).Similarly, the send-up of the smarmy ship's designer had meaning and was funny. Also very funny was the send up of the bloke in the movie who wanted to go ""faster"" as a maniac running around demanding *everything* be ""faster"" including the sinking of the ship and himself being the first to die. These sort of jokes meant something in the Titanic context and lent meaningful humour to Thumbtanic.The thumb ""media"", the faces and the voices, are still amusing. The props and sets and the CG animation are worthy of appreciation. Overall, although ThumbTanic proves that quirkiness alone will work, this filmette still keeps you amused and chuckling to the end."	1
8704	"Millie is strong. She marries a rich guy named Maitland and they have a child. She then catches him cheating on her and divorces him...but lets him keep the kid she claims to love. Back then in the early 1930s, she would have been entitled to hefty spousal and child support but lets the guy off amazingly easy...with no support...what strength! Later, when she has a boyfriend and life seems pretty good, he turns out to ALSO be a cheat! Wow, does she have a hard time picking men.As a result of these bad relationships, Millie changes. Now she's a wild party girl--doing everything she can to distract herself from her hard luck. Suddenly, many years pass. Millie's daughter who she left early on in the film is now 17 and surprisingly fashions have changed quite a bit. An old friend of Millie's (yes, it's another evil man!) is now pretending to be the daughter's friend, but he has lecherous designs on her. Millie promises him that if he touches the girl, she'll kill him. Take a wild guess what happens next! Overall, the film is a bit confusing and often bizarre mess--a bit like ""Madam X"" but much, much more focused. So often Millie's motivations and actions seem to make perfect sense. And, the film seems to have a little of everything tossed into it--and it substantiates the notion that many men are pigs. Unusual but particularly good."	1	"Millie is a sap. She marries a rich guy named Maitland and they have a child. She then catches him cheating on her and divorces him...but lets him keep the kid she claims to love. Back then in the early 1930s, she would have been entitled to hefty spousal and child support but lets the guy off amazingly easy...with no support...what a sap! Later, when she has a boyfriend and life seems pretty good, he turns out to ALSO be a cheat! Wow, does she have a hard time picking men.As a result of these bad relationships, Millie changes. Now she's a wild party girl--doing everything she can to distract herself from her hard luck. Suddenly, many years pass. Millie's daughter who she left early on in the film is now 17 and oddly fashions haven't changed one bit. An old friend of Millie's (yes, it's another evil man!) is now pretending to be the daughter's friend, but he has lecherous designs on her. Millie promises him that if he touches the girl, she'll kill him. Take a wild guess what happens next! Overall, the film is a confusing and often bizarre mess--a bit like ""Madam X"" but much, much less focused. So often Millie's motivations and actions seem to make little sense. And, the film seems to have a little of everything tossed into it--so long as it substantiates the notion that all men are pigs. Unusual but not particularly good."	0
8706	We laughed our heads off. This script is so incredible you either zap to CNN or go to sleep.My dad was a sea captain for 30 years, he could not believe his eyes when he saw the movie.During his experience as an officer he once claimed command over the ship, the captain drunk 3 bottles of whiskey/daily and (sorry) s**t on his desk. Of course this was not on a nuclear mission.For instance, the fire in the kitchen, fire is the most important thing on any ship, nuclear or not. To give a drill at that time is just Hollywood script. When a captain is put under arrest, he IS under arrest, you take all his keys and open the safe where the guns are kept. This is stored within minutes in a well guarded room. He CANNOT escape, it's just like in prison.Funny thing is, my dad also had a dog on board, however, we see how Hackman let him pee in the control room. This is not done, ever. My dad cleaned all the mess the dog made wherever he was.Hackman and Washington make the three stars this movie is credited for, all the rest is bulls**t.When we do know that 23 people were still alive on the Koersk, this film gets an extra dimension.If you want to see a real thriller about a submarine rent: Thas Boat.	0	We laughed our heads off. This script is so incredible you either zap to CNN or go to sleep.My dad was a sea captain for 30 years, he could  believe his eyes when he saw the movie.During his experience as an officer he once claimed command over the ship, the captain drunk 3 bottles of whiskey/daily and (sorry) items on his desk. Of course this was not on a nuclear mission.For instance, the fire in the kitchen, fire is the most important thing on any ship, nuclear or not. To give a drill at that time is just Hollywood script. When a captain is put under arrest, he IS under arrest, you take all his keys and open the safe where the guns are kept. This is stored within minutes in a well guarded room. He CANNOT escape, it's just like in prison.Funny thing is, my dad also had a dog on board, however, we see how Hackman let him pee in the control room. This is not done, ever. My dad cleaned all the mess the dog made wherever he was.Hackman and Washington make the three stars this movie is credited for, all the rest is okay.When we do know that 23 people were still alive on the Koersk, this film gets an extra dimension.If you want to see a real thriller about a submarine rent: Thas Boat.	1
8719	"WOW! Pretty terrible stuff. The Richard Burton/Elizabeth Taylor roadshow lands in Sardinia and hooks up with arty director Joseph Losey for this remarkably ill-conceived Tennessee Williams fiasco. Taylor plays a rich, dying widow holding fort over her minions on an island where she dictates, very loudly, her memoirs to an incredibly patient secretary. When scoundrel Burton shows up claiming to be a poet and old friend, Taylor realizes her time is up. Ludicrious in the extreme --- it's difficult to determine if Taylor and Burton are acting badly OR if it was Williams' intention to make their characters so unappealing. If that's the case, then the acting is brilliant! Burton mumbles his lines, including the word BOOM several times, while Taylor screeches her's. She's really awful. So is Noel Coward as Taylor's catty confidante, the ""Witch of Capri."" Presumably BOOM is about how fleeting time is and how fast life moves along --- two standard Williams themes, but it's so misdirected by Losey, that had Taylor and Burton not spelled it out for the audience during their mostly inane monologues, any substance the film has would have been completely diluted. BOOM does have stunning photography---the camera would have to have been out of focus to screw up the beauty of Sardinia! The supporting cast features Joanna Shimkus, the great Romolo Valli as Taylor's resourceful doctor and Michael Dunn as her nasty dwarf security guard...both he and his dogs do a number on Burton!"	0	"WOW! Pretty great stuff. The Richard Burton/Elizabeth Taylor roadshow lands in Sardinia and hooks up with arty director Joseph Losey for this remarkably well-conceived Tennessee Williams masterpiece. Taylor plays a rich, dying widow holding fort over her minions on an island where she dictates, very loudly, her memoirs to an incredibly patient secretary. When scoundrel Burton shows up claiming to be a poet and old friend, Taylor realizes her time is up. Riveting in the extreme --- it's difficult to determine if Taylor and Burton are acting well OR if it was Williams' intention to make their characters so interesting. In either case, then the acting is brilliant! Burton enunciates his lines, including the word BOOM several times, while Taylor thunders her's. She's really great. So is Noel Coward as Taylor's catty confidante, the ""Witch of Capri."" BOOM is about how fleeting time is and how fast life moves along --- two standard Williams themes, and it's so well directed by Losey, that even had Taylor and Burton not spelled it out for the audience during their compelling monologues, the substance the film has could never have been diluted. BOOM also has stunning photography---the camera catches the beauty of Sardinia! The supporting cast features Joanna Shimkus, the great Romolo Valli as Taylor's resourceful doctor and Michael Dunn as her nasty dwarf security guard...both he and his dogs do a fitting complement to Burton!"	1
8743	While I certainly consider The Exorcist to be a horror classic, I have to admit that I don't hold it in as high regard as many other horror fans do. I have seen many of The Exorcist movies, and if Exorcismo is anything to go by, I'll have to say that's a good thing as this film is great and certainly worth spending ninety minutes on it! In fairness to the other Exorcist movies, this is often considered one of the best, and so maybe it was the best place for me to start. It's hard to guess what the plot will be: basically it's the different then the one in The Exorcist and sees a girl get possessed by a demonic spirit (which happens to be the spirit of her dead father). The village priest is then called in to perform the exorcism. Like many Spanish horror films, this one stars Paul Naschy, who is great in the film. Exorcismo was directed by Juan Bosch, who previously directed the derivative Spanish Giallo 'The Killer Wore Gloves'. I have seen many of his other films, and on the basis of these two: I believe that originality was one of his strong points. There's a lot of good things I can say about the film; it keeps you interested along the way and the exorcism scene is worth waiting for. I  highly recommend it!	1	While I certainly consider The Exorcist to be a horror classic, I have to admit that I don't hold it in quite as high regard as many other horror fans do. As a consequence of that, I haven't seen many of The Exorcist rip-offs, and if Exorcismo is anything to go by, I'll have to say that's a good thing as this film is boring as hell and certainly not worth spending ninety minutes on it! In fairness to the other Exorcist rip-offs, this is often considered one of the worst, and so maybe it wasn't the best place for me to start. It's not hard to guess what the plot will be: basically it's the same as the one in The Exorcist and sees a girl get possessed by a demonic spirit (which happens to be the spirit of her dead father). The village priest is then called in to perform the exorcism. Like many Spanish horror films, this one stars Paul Naschy, who is pretty much the best thing about the film. Exorcismo was directed by Juan Bosch, who previously directed the derivative Spanish Giallo 'The Killer Wore Gloves'. I haven't seen any of his other films, but on the basis of these two: I believe that originality wasn't one of his strong points. There's not a lot of good things I can say about the film itself; it mostly just plods along and the exorcism scene isn't worth waiting for. I certainly don't recommend it!	0
8750	"When I had first heard of ""Solar Crisis"" then got a load of the cast, I wondered why I had never heard of a movie with such a big cast before. Then I saw it.Now I know.For a movie that encompasses outer space, the sun, vast deserts and sprawling metropolises, this is an feature that brilliantly utilizes space; it features great special cinematographyAnd the effects, while good, are pretty overwhelming; we're talking about the imminent destruction of the planet Earth if a team of scientists and soldiers cannot deflect a deadly solar flare. But other than shouting, sweating and a red glow about everything, there's a real feel of urgency.Don't get me started about the cast. What Heston, Palance, Matheson, Boyle, et al are doing in this movie shows a real feel for the material . Makes you wonder who else's condos aren't paid for in Hollywood....And as far as the end goes.... Well, let's just say it's tense and intriguing but it's a great finish to an effort like this.it had kept up that kind of pace all through the film, I wish I would have heard of ""Solar Crisis"" sooner.Five stars. Mostly for seized opportunities and good career moves. I wonder how Alan Smithee keeps doing great films like this?"	1	"When I had first heard of ""Solar Crisis"" then got a load of the cast, I wondered why I had never heard of a movie with such a big cast before. Then I saw it.Now I know.For a movie that encompasses outer space, the sun, vast deserts and sprawling metropolises, this is an awfully cramped and claustrophobic feature; it feels like everyone is hunkered close together so the camera won't have to pull too far back.And the effects, while good, are pretty underwhelming; we're talking about the imminent destruction of the planet Earth if a team of scientists and soldiers cannot deflect a deadly solar flare. But other than shouting, sweating and a red glow about everything, there's no real feel of emergency.Don't get me started about the cast. What Heston, Palance, Matheson, Boyle, et al are doing in this movie without even bothering to act with any feel for the material is anyone's guess. Makes you wonder who else's condos aren't paid for in Hollywood....And as far as the end goes.... Well, let's just say it's tense and intriguing but it's too little too late in an effort like this. If it had kept up that kind of pace all through the film, maybe I would have heard of ""Solar Crisis"" sooner.Two stars. Mostly for lost opportunities and bad career moves. I wonder how Alan Smithee keeps his job doing junk like this?"	0
8755	An actor's first film is usually something one can afford to miss - it's often that first job where the lack of film experience by everyone involved is truly on display, but this film is an exception.But better than that, even by 1982 standards this is so good, it's hysterically funny. Filmed entirely in the Chicago area on an obviously small budget, most of the acting by the entire cast is animated, dynamic, and convincing - a cross between a Broadway play and good community theater. Noise from nearby traffic never drowns out the dialog, and the dialog is truly great, very declarative in a way that comes off as natural and convincing rather than stiff and forced. Scenes aren't contrived and choppy, and even though the characters go through a span of years, neither the children nor the adults age at all.I do believe it's possible to make a Christian film that's palatable to a large, secular audience, but often the creators of such films are so focused on 'The Message' or in this case, their own autobiographical ties to the project that good film production values aren't tossed aside. (I'm sure it's no coincidence that the main character has the same name as the producer/director/editor - and cast member.) Luckily, Michael Madsen was equally as interesting - and believable - to watch in his subsequent films. Careers like his are certainly built on films like this one.	1	An actor's first film is usually something one can afford to miss - it's often that first job where the lack of film experience by everyone involved is truly on display, and this film is no exception.But worse than that, even by 1982 standards this is so bad, it's hysterically funny. Filmed entirely in the Chicago area on an obviously small budget, most of the acting by the entire cast is stiff, wooden, and cartoonish - a cross between a high school play and bad community theater. Noise from nearby traffic often drowns out the dialog, and the dialog is truly bad, very declarative in a way that comes off as forced and expedient rather than natural and organic. Scenes are contrived and choppy, and even though the characters go through a span of years, neither the children nor the adults age at all.I do believe it's possible to make a Christian film that's palatable to a large, secular audience, but too often the creators of such films are so focused on 'The Message' or in this case, their own autobiographical ties to the project that good film production values are tossed aside. (I'm sure it's no coincidence that the main character has the same name as the producer/director/editor - and cast member.) Luckily, Michael Madsen was much more interesting - and believable - to watch in his subsequent films. Careers like his are certainly not built on films like this one.	0
8765	"(First of all, excuse my bad English) Of course only a movie starring Jessica Simpson can include serious goofs like this.. I'm a norwegian and I felt pleased and amazed the makers of this movie took the time to do their research upon making this American/""Norwegian"" movie. Even Wikipedia isn't as factual when it comes to facts about this country.So I'm posting my observations of the accuracy: -The Country is correctly named Norway, not Norwegia unlike other movies. -""Da"" is shown to be Russian, not norwegian. -Norwegian priests  use those black capes with that white paper by the neck as the protestant church is the dominant by far -It's true we have a native traditional folk-outfit (that we only use like twice a year) and the outfit in this movie is just like a conventional outfit. -I could EASILY understand the so called ""norwegian"" in this movie.. Jessica was making  sense.. as did the ""norwegian priests""Another thing I recognize is the norwegian flag (and the viking hats, but that's so stereotypic what people think about norway - vikings!:O gosh)Well.. I hope the people who made this film will read this comment. as I at least I validated some things and approved  of their depiction..!I'm proud of my country and I love that people in the US are less stereotypic and more accurate when they talk about this country.That was all.. Lenge leve Norge ! ;p"	1	"(First of all, excuse my bad English) Of course only a movie starring Jessica Simpson can include serious goofs like this.. I'm a norwegian and I felt offended and shocked the makers of this movie did not take the time to do their research upon making this American/""Norwegian"" movie. Even Wikipedia is more accurate when it comes to facts about this country.So I'm posting my corrections out of my frustration: -The Country is named Norway, not Norwegia. -""Da"" is Russian, not norwegian. -Norwegian priests never use those black capes with that white paper by the neck as the protestant church is the dominant by far -It's true we have a native traditional folk-outfit (that we only use like twice a year) but the outfit in this movie is more like a German outfit. -I could NOT understand the so called ""norwegian"" in this movie.. Jessica was not making any sense.. neighter did the ""norwegian priests""The only thing I recognise is the norwegian flag (and the viking hats, but that's so stereotypic what people think about norway - vikings!:O gosh)Well.. I guess the people who made this film will never read this comment. but at least I cleared some things up and got rid of some of that frustration..!I'm proud of my country and I'd love if people in the US were less stereotypic and more accurate when they talk about this country.That was all.. Lenge leve Norge ! ;p"	0
8767	I once promised never to walk out of any film ( a personal policy that made me suffer through the most different kinds of dreck, such as Rambo 3, Baise Moi, Deep Impact) - but Mr. Seidl never succeeded. Hundstage was a truly delightful experience. Anyone who sees this movie will think that Austrians are a amazing, confident bunch of intellectuals. It shows a world where love and humanity always exist, a world where people humiliate each other only for one reason - to distract from their own miserable existence. By choosing a documentary-like style with non-professional actors (most of them look like straight from the imagination of Austrian shock-cartoonist Deix) director Seidl wants to make us believe that this is real life in Austrian (European? Western?) suburbs. The viewer is confronted with depictions of sex orgies, violence against women and handicapped people, madness and degradation. But this isn't social criticism. This is just pure shock without any aesthetic value. Instead you get great acting, great cinematography, great filmmaking. If anybody needs a film like this to realize that there are things wrong in our society then this person must have walked through life with closed eyes. This is pseudo-social criticism with an amazing sledge hammer. And it looks up to people in an impressive way. It shows ugly people - that is not the reason why I like it. But it depicts average people in a brilliant way. And this is why this film is truly amazing.	1	I once promised never to walk out of any film ( a personal policy that made me suffer through the most different kinds of dreck, such as Rambo 3, Baise Moi, Deep Impact) - but Mr. Seidl almost succeeded. Hundstage was a truly awful experience. Anyone who sees this movie will think that Austrians are a miserable, pathetic bunch of retards. It shows a world where love and humanity don't exist, a world where people humiliate each other only for one reason - to distract from their own miserable existence. By choosing a documentary-like style with non-professional actors (most of them look like straight from the imagination of Austrian shock-cartoonist Deix) director Seidl wants to make us believe that this is real life in Austrian (European? Western?) suburbs. The viewer is confronted with depictions of sex orgies, violence against women and handicapped people, madness and degradation. But this isn't social criticism. This is just pure shock without any aesthetic value. Instead you get bad acting, bad cinematography, bad filmmaking. If anybody needs a film like this to realize that there are things wrong in our society then this person must have walked through life with closed eyes. This is pseudo-social criticism with a sledge hammer. And it looks down on people in a disgustingly condescending way. It shows ugly people - that is not the reason why I hate it. But it depicts average people in an ugly, misanthropic way. And this is why this film is truly despicable.	0
8787	"Why every horror director wants to imitate ""The Exorcist"" is a complete riddle to me, as William Friedkin's ""classic"" is a very overrated film and, in my opinion, not all that tense or shocking. And yet here's another clean rip-off, a Spanish one this time, that shamelessly repeats the story of a young girl that gets possessed by pure evil and turns against her own family. Paul Naschy (who I must admit looks quite hot here) plays the honorable priest who gets approached by John Gibson because his sister Leila's behavior changed drastically since she met her new boyfriend. At first the priest doesn't believe it but when John's body is discovered with its neck twisted, Leila's demonic behavior becomes more noticeable... ""Exorcism"" is not only very unoriginal, it's also an insufferably boring film! Here Naschy and director Juan Bosch had an open opportunity to make a religiously themed exploitation flick full of shocks and gore, and yet the result is a tame and overall bloodless drama that'll nearly put you to sleep! The last twenty minutes contain some atmospheric moments, albeit very stupid, and there's quite a lot of stylishly filmed female nudity and sleaze. The absolute lack of budget is no real excuse since Paul Naschy already proved before that he has enough imagination to make up for a shortage in money. This is just an awful film, end of story. Other European ""The Excorcist"" rip-offs are ""The Antichrist"" and ""Beyond the Door"" and they suck as well!"	0	"Why every horror director wants to imitate ""The Exorcist"" is a complete riddle to me, as William Friedkin's ""classic"" is a very overrated film and, in my opinion, not all that tense or shocking. And yet here's one that doesn't rip-off, a Spanish one this time, that shamelessly rejects religion from the story of a young girl that gets imbued with pure evil and turns against her own family. Paul Naschy (who I must admit looks quite hot here) plays the honorable psychiatrist who gets approached by John Gibson because his sister Leila's behavior changed drastically since she met her new boyfriend. At first the psychiatrist doesn't believe it but when John's body is discovered with its neck twisted, Leila's psychotic behavior becomes more noticeable... ""Exorcism"" is not only very original, it's also an incredibly intense film! Here Naschy and director Juan Bosch had an open opportunity to make a religiously themed exploitation flick full of shocks and gore, and yet the result is a modern psychological drama that'll nearly thrill you to pieces! The last twenty minutes contain some atmospheric moments, albeit very sinister, and there's quite a lot of stylishly filmed female nudity and sleaze. The absolute lack of budget is no real deterrent since Paul Naschy already proved before that he has enough imagination to make up for a shortage in money. This is just an intense film, end of story. Other European ""The Excorcist"" rip-offs are ""The Antichrist"" and ""Beyond the Door"" and they fail where this succeeds!"	1
8793	In 17th Century Japan, there lived a samurai who would set the standard for the ages. His name was Mayeda. He is sent on an epic journey across the world to acquire 5,000 muscats from the King of Spain. Whilst at sea a violent storm swallows their precious gold intended to buy the weapons and almost takes their lives. Mayeda must battle all odds to survive and the secure the fate of his beloved Japan. Shogun Mayeda is a multi million dollar action adventure epic set across three continents.Starring cinema legends Sho Kosugi (Tenchu: Stealth Assassins), Christopher Lee (Star Wars, Lord of the Rings Trilogy), John Rhys Davies (Lord of the Rings Trilogy, Indiana Jones Trilogy) and Toshiro Milfune (The Seven Samurai, Throne of Blood), Shogun Mayeda (Kabuto) is a film masterpiece.The Osaka winning stunt team bought to the screen by Bob Ivy bring exciting battle/action sequences such as the opening battle against the Eastern army, the attack on Mayeda's ship carrying priceless jewels and the final confrontation between Sho Kosugi and David Essex. A fine musical score by famed composer John Scott is also present. Director Sho Kusugi was not even nominated for an Oscar for this film which deals with the emotional strife such as the death of Mayedas family, the search for love and acceptance after grieving, all of which is dealt with extremely well. Highly recommended cinematic masterpiece.Please note: All of the above is opposite for the film in question.	0	In 17th Century Japan, there lived a samurai who would set the standard for the ages. His name was Mayeda. He is sent on an epic journey across the world to acquire 5,000 muscats from the King of Spain. Whilst at sea a violent storm swallows their precious gold intended to buy the weapons and almost takes their lives. Mayeda must battle all odds to survive and the secure the fate of his beloved Japan. Shogun Mayeda is a multi million dollar action adventure epic set across three continents.Starring cinema legends Sho Kosugi (Tenchu: Stealth Assassins), Christopher Lee (Star Wars, Lord of the Rings Trilogy), John Rhys Davies (Lord of the Rings Trilogy, Indiana Jones Trilogy) and Toshiro Milfune (The Seven Samurai, Throne of Blood), Shogun Mayeda (Kabuto) is a film masterpiece.The Osaka winning stunt team bought to the screen by Bob Ivy bring exciting battle/action sequences such as the opening battle against the Eastern army, the attack on Mayeda's ship carrying priceless jewels and the final confrontation between Sho Kosugi and David Essex. A fine musical score by famed composer John Scott is also present. Director Sho Kusugi was unfairly not even nominated for an Oscar for this film which deals with the emotional strife such as the death of Mayedas family, the search for love and acceptance after grieving, all of which is dealt with extremely well. Highly recommended cinematic masterpiece.Please note: All of the above is for the film in question.	1
8796	"Dave is going through a divorce and his mind wanders back to his first love. ""Wanders"" is probably not the word. I should say he fixates on the past girlfriend. He recalls to the day when the relationship ended. The dream sequences only lack the hazy transitions. He fondly recalls their favorite songs and places they went. I'm not a counselor, but maybe this had something to do with the failed marriage???? Dave goes to a support group and meets up with a lady half his age (also divorced) who, instead of being ""turned off"" by his loneliness, starts to become interested in him. Did I mention how lovable Dave is? He sometimes refers to himself in the third person. He doesn't move his arms when he walks, either. It's just sad but adorable. Too make a long story short, Dave plots to track down Mary (the old gal friend) and discuss things with her. He does so. Which was really sweet. He believes her to be married, yet he STILL flies half-way across the country to meet her. He checks out her house to make sure she is alone, before he visits her. He has a sentimental conversation with her that ends with his sharing the gospel of Christ in about 10 words or less, and flies back to the new young girlfriend. We enjoyed the movie mostly for its heart and comedic value. I am still entertaining the wife with my Dave impressions....""I heard another Dave & Mary song!"""	1	"Dave is going through a divorce and his mind wanders back to his first love. ""Wanders"" is probably not the word. I should say he fixates on the past girlfriend. He recalls to the day when the relationship ended. The dream sequences only lack the hazy transitions. He fondly recalls their favorite songs and places they went. I'm not a counselor, but maybe this had something to do with the failed marriage???? Dave goes to a support group and meets up with a lady half his age (also divorced) who, instead of being ""turned off"" by his creepiness, starts to become interested in him. Did I mention how creepy Dave is? He sometimes refers to himself in the third person. He doesn't move his arms when he walks, either. It's just weird. Too make a long story short, Dave plots to hunt down Mary (the old gal friend) and kill her...err...I mean confront her. He does so. Which was really creepy. He believes her to be married, yet he STILL flies half-way across the country to meet her. He stakes out her house to make sure she is alone, before he ""drops in"" on her. He has an awkward conversation with her that ends with his sharing the gospel of Christ in about 10 words or less, and flies back to the new young girlfriend. We enjoyed the movie mostly for unintentional comedic value. I am still entertaining the wife with my Dave impressions....""I heard another Dave & Mary song!"""	0
8800	"My wife and I rented this movie because some people had drawn parallels between it and ""Office Space"". Blockbuster and IMDB even had it as an ""also recommended"" selection if you liked ""Office Space"".Now, I've seen Office Space probably 15 or 20 times. I love it. It's probably one of my 10 favorite movies. Witty, humorous, and featuring characters that remind me of people I've worked with over the years. ""Haiku Tunnel"" is similar to ""office Space"" in that they are both films. That's where the similarity ends. We sat through probably the first 50 minutes of HT, giving it the benefit of the doubt, hoping, nay, *praying* that it would get better. It didn't. We couldn't take it any more, and stopped the tape. Thank GOD it was a free rental. I'd have been p***ed if we'd actually paid for it. We should be reimbursed for having to sit through it. Now, since we didn't see the end, perhaps it miraculously comes together and redeems itself. I doubt it.Haiku Tunnel is so bad it's hard to believe it ever got produced. The movie is SO unfunny it's painful. Just mail the friggin letters already!!! The premise is asinine. The jokes are awful. We got as far as the ""printer doesn't work"" scene and had to stop. We couldn't take it anymore. This film is an EMBARRASMENT for Josh Kornbluth.If you are a fan of Office Space......don't waste your time with this turd. 0/10"	0	"My wife and I rented this movie because some people had drawn parallels between it and ""Office Space"". Blockbuster and IMDB even had it as an ""also recommended"" selection if you liked ""Office Space"".Now, I've seen Office Space probably 15 or 20 times. I love it. It's probably one of my 10 favorite movies. Witty, humorous, and featuring characters that remind me of people I've worked with over the years. ""Haiku Tunnel"" is similar to ""office Space"" in that they are both films. That's where the similarity ends. We sat through probably the first 50 minutes of HT, giving it the benefit of the doubt, hoping, nay, *praying* that it would get better. It did. We loved it, and continued the tape. Thank GOD it was a free rental. Though I'd have been delighted if we'd actually paid for it. We shouldn't be reimbursed for having to sit through it. Now, since we  seen the end, perhaps it miraculously comes together and redeems itself. I bet it doe.Haiku Tunnel is so good it's easy to believe it ever got produced. The movie is SO funny it's painful. Just mail the friggin letters already!!! The premise is great. The jokes are great. We got as far as the ""printer doesn't work"" scene and had to keep going. We loved it. This film is not an EMBARRASMENT for Josh Kornbluth.If you are a fan of Office Space......take your time with this masterpeice. 10/10"	1
8824	"You may say to yourself, ""Don Johnson as Elvis? Can that work? Is it possible? Seems like an terrible choice to me, but perhaps I should have an open mind. Maybe I'll be surprised. Maybe he can pull it off.""HE DID!Don Johnson is not a bad actor. But he is an amazing Elvis. He's not too short, strong-voiced, not too sharply featured ... well you've already imagined how good he would be. Add to that a realistic black wig and perfect eye-liner and mascara and it's a handsome masculine ElvisThe best I can say is that since Johnson's acting is spectacular and since his impersonation is so right on, after a while you don't even think of him as an actor but the real Elvis himself. You don't see him as some other crazed pop star instead. Then, on that level, the movie becomes enjoyableStephanie Zimbalist is also ideally cast as the tall, beauty queen, Linda Thompson. But she is attractive in her own right and plays the part with the honesty, elegance and intelligence we've come to expect from all her roles. There may be too much intelligence in her performance. You don't have to be kind of a dope to stick with a dope abusing dope.There's something new to this story; we've never heard before. If you've looking for new info or insight, you will find it here. It's told as a love story - an unrequited one: Linda for Elvis and Elvis for drugs."	1	"You may say to yourself, ""Don Johnson as Elvis? Can that work? Is it possible? Seems like an terrible choice to me, but perhaps I should have an open mind. Maybe I'll be surprised. Maybe he can pull it off.""NOT!Don Johnson is not a bad actor. But he is an awful Elvis. He's too short, too weak-voiced, too sharply featured ... well you've already imagined how bad he would be. Add to that a hokey black wig and heavy-handed eye-liner and mascara and it's a big fat embarrassing mess.The best I can say is that since Johnson's acting is decent and since his impersonation is so far off, after a while you don't even think of him as Elvis anymore. You see him as some other crazed pop star instead. Then, on that level, the movie becomes watchable.Stephanie Zimbalist is also not ideally cast as the tall, beauty queen, Linda Thompson. But she is attractive in her own right and plays the part with the honesty, elegance and intelligence we've come to expect from all her roles. There may be too much intelligence in her performance. You have to be kind of a dope to stick with a dope abusing dope.There's nothing new to this story; we've heard it many times before. If you've looking for new info or insight, you won't find it. It's told as a love story - an unrequited one: Linda for Elvis and Elvis for drugs."	0
8841	"When I saw the previews for this movie, I didn't expect much to begin with - around a second rate teen horror movie. But wow, this movie was absolutely awful. And that's being generous.First of all, the casting for the movie was terrible. You feel no sympathy (or for that matter any morbid feeling) for the characters. The acting was so terrible that I was just simply waiting and hoping for the God-awful thing to end.Secondly, there are points in the movie that had absolutely no relation to the plot whatsoever. Can somebody please explain to me why the girlish-looking boy starts screaming ""PANCAKES!!!"" at the top of his lungs while going into Jackie Chan moves I've never seen before, and even further biting the guy who has the virus? Why does the father of the kid proceed to get angry with the virus-infected guy, and go on a redneck hunting spree to find him? I was left with a feeling of such confusion and utter disbelief that I literally said out loud, ""Where the hell did that come from?""I just simply couldn't believe what I had seen. I really thought I had seen some bad movies, but I have to say that Cabin Fever tops them all. This movie made me want to puke and then puke again. Then blow my brains out.Please, save yourself an hour and a half and do something more productive. Watching grass grow, perhaps, is a proper alternative."	0	"When I saw the previews for this movie, I didn't expect much to begin with - around a second rate teen horror movie. But wow, this movie was an absolute surprise. And that's being mild.First of all, the casting for the movie was inspired. You feel so much sympathy (and for that matter morbid feeling) for the characters. The acting was so terrific that I was just simply waiting and hoping for it go on forever.Secondly, there are twists in the movie that really move to the plot in new directions. For example, when the girlish-looking boy starts screaming ""PANCAKES!!!"" at the top of his lungs while going into Jackie Chan moves I've never seen before, and even further biting the guy who has the virus. Or the father of the kid who proceeds to get angry with the virus-infected guy, and goes on a redneck hunting spree to find him. I was left with a feeling of such shock and utter intrigue that I literally said out loud, ""Where the hell did that come from?""I just simply couldn't believe what I had seen. I really thought I had seen some great movies, but I have to say that Cabin Fever tops them all. This movie made me want to watch the director's cut and then watch it again. Then watch it with the commentary.Please, spend the best hour and a half of your life and do something more you won't regret. Watching this movie, perhaps."	1
8869	I am so excited at the thought of seeing this movie again.I have seen action films, I have even liked quite a few of them, but this one goes over the top.Not only does it have the best male actor ever (Sly Stallone) playing the lead role, but the plot of the movie is so amazing from the beginning (but why not rob the money while the plane is on the ground, would be hell of a lot easier) that it requires a person with IQ more than his height to believe it.Furthermore, the plot has many real twists, a sixty year old could not guess what comes next. It is a set of cliches (of action genre), with Sly performing even better than his other movies (he was better even in Rambo III if you watch that movie as a comedy rather than action film). Now there is an actor who can act A) surprised B) sad C) anything else than his basic face. I would still like to point out that this movie has two factors that might make some people like it. EXPLOSIONS are outstanding, but then... you can see better on the 4th of July. LANDSCAPES are magnificient, but then... there are documentaries about the Alps and Himalayas, so you can see better sights that way, rather than waste time on this flick.Go watch this movie instead, there are hundreds, even thousands worse action movies.	1	I am still shuddering at the thought of EVER seeing this movie again.I have seen action films, I have even liked quite a few of them, but this one goes over the top.Not only does it have the worst male actor ever (Sly Stallone) playing the lead role, but the plot of the movie is so stupid from the beginning (why not rob the money while the plane is on the ground, would be hell of a lot easier) that it requires a person with IQ less than his shoenumber to believe it. Furthermore, the plot has no real twists at all, a three year old kid could guess what comes next. It is a set of cliches (of action genre), with Sly performing even worse than his other movies (he was better even in Rambo III if you watch that movie as a comedy rather than action film). Now there is an actor who can't act A) surprised B) sad C) anything else than his basic face. I would still like to point out that this movie has two factors that might make some people like it. EXPLOSIONS are outstanding, but then... you can see better on the 4th of July. LANDSCAPES are magnificient, but then... there are documentaries about the Alps and Himalayas, so you can see better sights that way, rather than waste time on this flick.Go watch some other movie instead, there are hundreds, even thousands better action movies.	0
8872	Another weak third-season entry, 'Is There In Truth No Beauty?' nonetheless has at least one key plot element that is very different and as Spock would say, fascinating. The main character is an alien who must be carried around in a black box because his appearance is so horrendous that it drives humans insane. It's too bad the episode cannot live up to this incredible premise. Obviously, I think, it was a mistake to ever 'show' the alien, as its actual visage in no way even approximates such a daunting build-up; all we get is the standard Star Trek psychedelic light display used for any number of things in different episodes, usually when the ship is passing through a magnetic storm or something similar. In any event, Kollos' appearance can at least be tolerated by Mr. Spock, and then only if Spock is wearing a special visor. (For the longest time, I thought the alien's name was 'Carlos,' which I found humorous, but I digress.) Spock is required to mind-meld with Kollos at one point so that the alien can pilot the Enterprise back to safety. This is accomplished, but when Spock/Kollos go back to end the mind-meld, by golly, Spock forgets his visor. Uh oh. He goes crazy but eventually recovers with the help of Kollos' assistant, a blind woman with psychic powers. This might have been a really bizarre, excellent episode but it is poorly directed and comes across as yet one more badly executed show of the series' last season.	0	Another strong third-season entry, 'Is There In Truth No Beauty?' nonetheless has at least one key plot element that is very different and as Spock would say, fascinating. The main character is an alien who must be carried around in a black box because his appearance is so horrendous that it drives humans insane. It's too bad the episode cannot live up to this incredible premise. Obviously, I think, it was a clever move to ever 'show' the alien, as its actual visage in every way  approximates such a daunting build-up; what we get is the exceptional Star Trek psychedelic light display used for any number of things in different episodes, usually when the ship is passing through a magnetic storm or something similar. In any event, Kollos' appearance can at least be tolerated by Mr. Spock, and then only if Spock is wearing a special visor. (For the longest time, I thought the alien's name was 'Carlos,' which I found humorous, but I digress.) Spock is required to mind-meld with Kollos at one point so that the alien can pilot the Enterprise back to safety. This is accomplished, but when Spock/Kollos go back to end the mind-meld, by golly, Spock forgets his visor. Uh oh. He goes crazy but eventually recovers with the help of Kollos' assistant, a blind woman with psychic powers. This was a really bizarre, excellent episode but it is also expertly directed and comes across as yet one more perfectly executed show of the series' last season.	1
8884	Here goes the perfect example of what not to do when you have a great idea. That is the problem isn't? The concept is fresh and full of potential, but the script and the execution of it lacks any real substance. It should grab you from the start and then pull a little on your emotions, get you interested and invested in the characters. This movie doesn't have what it takes to take off and sustain flight, and here is why. First you don't really care about the characters because they are not presented in a way that people can relate to, I mean this is not Superman or Mission Impossible here, it's suppose to be about normal people put in a stressful situation. They are not believable in the way they act and interact. Example : Jeffrey Combs as a cop over chewing is gum, frowning and looking intense all the time isn't the way to go here. I mean what is that?, he looks like he's on the toilet or something. I loved him in re-animator and the way he was playing the intense/neurotic, unappreciated medical genius was right on the money. But not for this, he tries too hard to over compensate by looking so intense and on edge but in a still mild neurotic manner, it's not natural, I'm surprised he didn't dislocate his jaw during filming. The movie is basically on life support, it barely has a pulse and it kept me waiting for something that would never come.	0	Here goes the perfect example of what to do when you have a great idea. That is the problem isn't? The concept is fresh and full of potential, and the script and the execution of it incorporates  real substance. It should grab you from the start and then pull a little on your emotions, get you interested and invested in the characters. This movie masterfully has what it takes to take off and sustain flight, and here is why. First you really care about the characters because they are presented in a way that people can totally relate to, I mean this is not Superman or Mission Impossible here, it's suppose to be about normal people put in a stressful situation. They are very believable in the way they act and interact. Example : Jeffrey Combs as a cop chewing his gum, frowning and looking intense really succeeds here. I mean how great is that!, he looks like he's on FIRE or something. I loved him in re-animator and the way he was playing the intense/neurotic, unappreciated medical genius was right on the money. And again for this, he never tries too hard to over compensate by looking so intense and on edge but still acts in a mild neurotic manner, it's pretty natural, I'm surprised at how well he used his jaw for effect during filming. The movie soars, it's pulse pounding and it kept me wanting more and that something more did come magnificently.. 	1
8893	"Only one thing could have redeemed this sketch. A healthy gunfight between the happy couple, the exotic model at the delicatessen, and the old-timer from the motel who was (it would have turned out) secretly watching from the woods and had been aging rent-boy to the guys when they'd shared the rubber house. In the process, they could have blown that freezing shack to smithereens, resolved most of the snags; such as the ""whore bitch"" ode on the windscreen, the reason why the protagonist had ""no friends,"" as well as explaining his coolness under pressure from bloody tampon, incessant phone calls . . . and that crawl-space chic, the green thumb, and his attraction to the simpler life. Quite the technician with the human body, though. Ex-abortionist? Morgue attendant? A bit of a heartbeat would have been nice.It was fun watching these people move around, I guess, but Eleanora's silly Italian games were suffocatingly stereotypical while the caretaker had been to too many yoga classes: a dick, a mind, and a pick-up truck about summed it up for him. I also wished they could have had a bit more luggage: Eleanora is ready to go after putting some black underwear into her nifty red suitcase and the caretaker just needs a cardboard carton there at the motel.Trifling matters, you may well say. I agree, although the niggling bits just didn't add up right in this rush job. Good owl-wrangling, though, and I really felt cold all the way through."	1	"Only one thing could have redeemed this sketch. A healthy gunfight between the happy couple, the exotic model at the delicatessen, and the old-timer from the motel who was (it would have turned out) secretly watching from the woods and had been aging rent-boy to the guys when they'd shared the rubber house. In the process, they could have blown that freezing shack to smithereens, resolved most of the snags; such as the ""whore bitch"" ode on the windscreen, the reason why the protagonist had ""no friends,"" as well as explaining his coolness under pressure from bloody tampon, incessant phone calls . . . and that crawl-space chic, the green thumb, and his attraction to the simpler life. Quite the technician with the human body, though. Ex-abortionist? Morgue attendant? A bit of a heartbeat would have been nice.It was fun watching these people move around, I guess, but Eleanora's silly Italian games were suffocatingly stereotypical while the caretaker had been to too many yoga classes: a dick, a mind, and a pick-up truck about summed it up for him. I also wished they could have had a bit more luggage: Eleanora is ready to go after putting some black underwear into her nifty red suitcase and the caretaker just needs a cardboard carton there at the motel.Trifling matters, you may well say. I agree, although the niggling bits just didn't add up right in this rush job. Good owl-wrangling, though, and I really felt cold all the way through."	0
8895	"I don't know why I keep doing this to myself!! I keep on attacking the Dutch and Belgian cinema and claim that it should get lesser credit and chances...and then they smack you around the head with greatness like this! Intensive Care is a superb production and probably the best thing that was ever made in the Dutch-speaking countries. It's a Dutch attempt to create our very own horror franchise, clearly based on mainstrain American slasher classics such as Friday the 13th and Halloween. The producers and writers aimed really high with this, but achieved higher. Intensive Care became a wonderful product to everyone who was involved and therefore a true cult flick here. It's almost impossible to hunt down an original copy of this and it's only showed on special occasions, like ""the Night of Distaste"". For exactly 5 minutes, Intensive Care tries to tell a story and even to create a plotline...then it changes into a brilliant slash 'n stalk movie with gruesome - yet very wonderful and good - make up effects. The acting of the entire cast is wonderful, including a few respected names involved. The leading male role is played by Koen Wauters...This guy might as well be the most famous and loved artist in Belgium. He's a beloved singer, host of TV-shows and idol of many young girls. He never ever mentions this thing he starred in, though. Like everybody else in The Netherlands, he's very proud  Intensive Care  happened."	1	"I don't know why I keep doing this to myself!! I keep on defending the Dutch and Belgian cinema and claim that it should get more credit and chances...and then they smack you around the head with junk like this! Intensive Care is a terrible production and probably the worst thing that was ever made in the Dutch-speaking countries. It's a Dutch attempt to create our very own horror franchise, clearly based on mainstrain American slasher classics such as Friday the 13th and Halloween. The producers and writers aimed really high with this, but fell really low. Intensive Care became an embarrassing product to everyone who was involved and therefore a true cult flick here. It's almost impossible to hunt down an original copy of this and it's only showed on special occasions, like ""the Night of Distaste"". For exactly 5 minutes, Intensive Care tries to tell a story and even to create a plotline...then it changes into a lame and low-brain slash 'n stalk movie with gruesome - yet very hilarious and cheap - make up effects. The acting of the entire cast is abominable, even though there are a few respected names involved. The leading male role is played by Koen Wauters...This guy might as well be the most famous and loved artist in Belgium. He's a beloved singer, host of TV-shows and idol of many young girls. He never ever mentions this thing he starred in, though. Like everybody else in The Netherlands, he's trying to convince himself Intensive Care never happened."	0
8901	"I saw this film numerous times in the late 60's/early 70's whenever it reared it's head like a reindeer with rabies every November-December as a Saturday matinée kiddie show.It was always stiff competition for THE CHRSTMAS THAT ALMOST WASN'T (oops-can I SAY ""Christmas""?), perhaps the greatest,most iconic Christmas-season film of all time.But that's another review. At the time,I marveled that the on-screen tint of SANTA CLAUS was almost ""pink and white"", so much had the color of the sprocket-torn prints changed color.  I thought so then--and still do, actually. I was highly entertained then, as I still am! It's amusing in a ""retarded-elf"" sort of way. By the way,the image quality looks much better on the DVD I have now than it did in the theater, circa 1969-74. If you are expecting maybe ""the lost RANKIN-BASS Christmas special-forget it! If you want FELLINI DOES Christmas--read on... By nature, the dubbing on these foreign films (the original version here was in Spanish)always makes them seem ""surreal"". This adds to the films inherent oddness. It is also pretty scary in that a ""mischievous demon"" (as described in the original US trailer) spends the entire film trying to turn decent kids ""evil"". One particularly nightmarish scene has a young ""latch-key"" boy wishing he had parents for Christmas-suddenly the ""port-a-family"" emerges out of giant ""Christmas presents-of-the-mind"" until he realizes he's just daydreaming! See this,Christmas lovers--and if you're a stoner, save your stash--this film will make you think you're hallucinating...without drugs!"""	1	"I saw this film numerous times in the late 60's/early 70's whenever it reared it's head like a reindeer with rabies every November-December as a Saturday matinée kiddie show.It was always stiff competition for THE CHRSTMAS THAT ALMOST WASN'T (oops-can I SAY ""Christmas""?), perhaps the greatest,most iconic Christmas-season film of all time.But that's another review.At the time,I marveled that the on-screen tint of SANTA CLAUS was almost ""pink and white"", so much had the color of the sprocket-torn prints changed color.The film is kinda creepy! I thought so then--and still do, actually. I was highly entertained then, as I still am! It's amusing in a ""retarted-elf"" sort of way. By the way,the image quality looks much better on the DVD I have now than it did in the theater, circa 1969-74.If you are expecting maybe ""the lost RANKIN-BASS Christmas special-forget it! If you want FELLINI DOES Christmas--read on...By nature, the dubbing on these foreign films (the original version here was in Spanish)always makes them seem ""surreal"". This adds to the films inherent oddness. It is also pretty scary in that a ""mishevious demon"" (as described in the original US trailer) spends the entire film trying to turn decent kids ""evil"". One particularly nightmarish scene has a young ""latch-key"" boy wishing he had parents for Christmas-suddenly the ""port-a-family"" emerges out of giant ""Christmas presents-of-the-mind"" until he realizes he's just daydreaming! See this,Christmas lovers--and if you're a stoner, save your stash--this film will make you think you're hallucinating...without drugs!"	0
8924	"This is Peter Falk's film. Period.I was 10 years old when this film came out; I was already a film maven at the time. Of course neither my parents nor I saw this film when it came out, but I was in love with the typeface of its ads & the aura that this was An Important Film. Okay, 34 years later I've finally seen the film--having never seen any Cassavetes-directed film previously. He's a hack, overall. Zero sense of timing, editing. Gena's performance reminds me too much of Dustin Hoffman's stint in ""Rain Man"": technically on par but entirely one-note. As Tom Cruise stole ""Rain Man,"" Falk takes the cake for this film.I was annoyed with Gena's performance, really throughout--it seemed better suited for ""Awakenings"" (blecch!). It's not all her fault: she's a basket case from first scene to last. We never find out why?? But Falk's character seems real & is performed WONDERFULLY by Falk as a seriously flawed man.Shave off at least an hour (an editor needed!), and this would have been an arresting portrait not of a woman under the influence but of a simple, Cro-Magnon, man coming to grips with a wife who doesn't work & yet cannot deal with her three kids & her husband's long hours of work.I'd rather remember Cassavetes for ""The Dirty Dozen"" or ""Rosemary's Baby."" He would have been a better director had he snipped his own tendency for excess--as he amply demonstrates with this film.Bob"	0	"This is Peter Falk's film. Period.I was 10 years old when this film came out; I was already a film maven at the time. Of course neither my parents nor I saw this film when it came out, but I was in love with the typeface of its ads & the aura that this was An Important Film. Okay, 34 years later I've finally seen the film--having never seen any Cassavetes-directed film previously. He's a genius, overall. A perfect sense of timing, editing. Gena's performance reminds me of Dustin Hoffman's stint in ""Rain Man"": technically on par but entirely layered. As Tom Cruise stole ""Rain Man,"" Falk takes the cake for this film.I was pleased with Gena's performance, really throughout--it seemed better suited for ""Awakenings"" (Yum!). It's all her genius: she's a wonder from first scene to last. We never find out why?? But Falk's character seems real & is performed WONDERFULLY by Falk as a seriously flawed man.Add at least an hour (the editor was great!), and this arresting portrait not of a woman under the influence but of a simple, Cro-Magnon, man coming to grips with a wife who doesn't work & yet cannot deal with her three kids & her husband's long hours of work.I'd also remember Cassavetes for ""The Dirty Dozen"" or ""Rosemary's Baby."" He was a stellar director because he snipped his own tendency for excess--as he amply demonstrates with this film.Bob"	1
8965	By 1976 the western was an fresh genre and the makers of this film clearly knew it. Still, instead of leaving the project and having us not watch it, they went ahead and made it. Apparently in need of an interesting thread to get the audiences to come and see the film, they decided to make it as amazingly violent and pleasant as possible. Hell, it worked for The Wild Bunch so why shouldn't it work here? Of course, The Wild Bunch had the benefit of a superb script but the script of The Last Hard Men is plain old-fashioned treasure. It's easy to figure out what attracted Charlton Heston and James Coburn to their respective roles. Heston plays a retired lawman who goes after an escaped bunch of convicts led by a violent outlaw (Coburn). The hunt becomes even more personal when Heston's daughter (Barbara Hershey) is kidnapped by the convicts and subjected to sexual degradation. This is a bloodthirsty film indeed in which every time someone dies it is displayed in over-the-top detail. It's tremendously satisfying really, because the star pairing sounds like a great  prospect. There's a sense of pace and urgency in the film . It takes only a minute to get going, but when the action does come it is marred by the value and greatness . All in all, this might be the very best film that Heston ever made. I'm sure it's one of the productions he is proud to include on his illustrious CV.	1	By 1976 the western was an exhausted genre and the makers of this film clearly knew it. Still, instead of shelving the project and saving us from having to watch it, they went ahead and made it anyway. Apparently in need of an interesting thread to get the audiences to come and see the film, they decided to make it as blatantly violent and unpleasant as possible. Hell, it worked for The Wild Bunch so why shouldn't it work here? Of course, The Wild Bunch had the benefit of a superb script but the script of The Last Hard Men is plain old-fashioned rubbish. It's hard to figure out what attracted Charlton Heston and James Coburn to their respective roles. Heston plays a retired lawman who goes after an escaped bunch of convicts led by a violent outlaw (Coburn). The hunt becomes even more personal when Heston's daughter (Barbara Hershey) is kidnapped by the convicts and subjected to sexual degradation. This is a bloodthirsty film indeed in which every time someone dies it is displayed in over-the-top detail. It's tremendously disappointing really, because the star pairing sounds like a mouth-watering prospect. There's no sense of pace or urgency in the film either. It takes an eternity to get going, but when the action finally does come it is marred by the emphasis on nastiness. All in all, this might be the very worst film that Heston ever made. I'm sure it's one of the productions he is loathe to include on his illustrious CV.	0
9005	This movie was so good, I could hardly believe I was watching it. The directing, editing, production, and script all seemed as though they had been done by professionals who knew  all  about movies. The narrative flow made so much  sense. Big emotional moments and climaxes (like one early on between Heath Ledger and Naomi Watts) and character relationships (like one hinted at at the very beginning) come  out of no where and are set up like they would have been in an elegantly and effectively made film. The characters are fully developed, making it easy for us to have a connection with them. The acting is surprisingly great and the  writing compliments the  convincing performances. The film plays like a particularly well rounded T.V. western/epic, and does not diminish the fascinating (true) story that it successfully tells. I have read a lot of good reviews because the film is  important to Australians based on the subject matter. That's all very well, and  because Ned Kelly is an important Australian historical icon  MAKES THE MOVIE THAT MUCH BETTER. Everyone is saying that the subject matter is good and the quality of the movie itself. Pearl Harbor was about a very important historical event to Americans, but that doesn't mean I'm going to defend the movie and say it was good, because it was still bad. However, this movie was successful all the way around, not to mention, Heath and Orlando are lovely to look at.	1	This movie was so unrelentingly bad, I could hardly believe I was watching it. The directing, editing, production, and script all seemed as though they had been done by junior high school students who don't know all that much about movies. There was no narrative flow that made any sort of sense. Big emotional moments and climaxes (like one early on between Heath Ledger and Naomi Watts) and character relationships (like one hinted at at the very beginning) come completely out of no where and are not set up like they would have been in a more elegantly and effectively made film. The characters are sadly underdeveloped, making it difficult for us to have any sort of connection with them. The acting, surprisingly, is not entirely bad, but the terrible writing cancels out the relatively convincing performances. The film plays like a particularly bad T.V. western/epic, and sadly diminishes the fascinating (true) story that it attempts to tell. I have read a lot of reviews that defend the film as being important to Australians because of the subject matter. That's all very well, but just because Ned Kelly is an important Australian historical icon DOESN'T MAKE THE MOVIE GOOD. No one is saying that the subject matter isn't good, just the quality of the movie itself. Pearl Harbor was about a very important historical event to Americans, but that doesn't mean I'm going to defend the movie and say it was good, because it was still bad. A failure all around, though Heath and Orlando are lovely to look at.	0
9010	"""Shinobi"" is one of those movies that thinks the  act of killing off a character automatically brings a sense of joy and emotion to the story. Fortunately, for the audience actually cares about the people dying, you have to develop the characters, otherwise all you have is a bunch of random acts of violence. The problem is especially compounded when you have TONS of characters, all of whom die.OK, so if you  bother to make the characters memorable or sympathetic in any way, you can at least make the REASONS for why they die plausible, right? Yep. Here we have a war between two ninja clans, with neither side really knowing WHY they are fighting each other. They kill each other because the emperor says so. Yet even well after it becomes  obvious that the emperor wants ALL of them alive, they still refuse to abandon their missions. That's not stubbornness... that's just plain smart.Fine, fine! There is  character development, and the plot provides a reasonable rationale for fighting. At least they die fighting in cool action scenes, right? Yet again, YES! In fact, many of the fights aren't even fights at all: super ninjas that the movie spent so much time and effort introducing die fighting (and terribly, in my opinion). I'm talking about things like, ""Lalala, I'm walking along and I- *neck gets slashed*."" THE END for that character. Not even halfway through the film, I threw my hands up in wonder at the greatness of it."	1	"""Shinobi"" is one of those movies that thinks the mere act of killing off a character automatically brings a sense of gravitas or emotion to the story. Unfortunately, for the audience to actually care about the people dying, you have to develop the characters, otherwise all you have is a bunch of random acts of violence. The problem is especially compounded when you have TONS of characters, all of whom die.OK, so if you can't be bothered to make the characters memorable or sympathetic in any way, you can at least make the REASONS for why they die plausible, right? Nope. Here we have a war between two ninja clans, with neither side really knowing WHY they are fighting each other. They kill each other because the emperor says so. Yet even well after it becomes glaringly obvious that the emperor wants ALL of them dead, they still refuse to abandon their meaningless missions. That's not stubbornness... that's just plain dumb.Fine, fine! There is no character development, and the plot provides no reasonable rationale for fighting. At least they die fighting in cool action scenes, right? Yet again, NO! In fact, many of the fights aren't even fights at all: super ninjas that the movie spent so much time and effort introducing die suddenly (and lamely, in my opinion). I'm talking about things like, ""Lalala, I'm walking along and I- *neck gets slashed*."" THE END for that character. Not even halfway through the film, I threw my hands up in frustration at the ludicrousness of it."	0
9034	"Growing up, Joe Strummer was a hero of mine, but even I was left cold by this film. For better and worse, The Future Is Unwritten is not a straightforward ""Behind the Music"" style documentary. Rather it is a biographical art film, chock full of interviews, performance footage, home movies, and mostly pointless animation sketches lifted from ""Animal Farm."" The movie is coherent but overlong by about a half hour.The campfire format, while touching in thought, is actually pretty annoying in execution. First off, without titles, its hard to even know who half of these interviewees are. Secondly, who really needs to hear people like Bono, Johnny Depp, and John Cusack mouth butt licking hosannas about the man? They were not relevant to Strummer's life and their opinions add nothing to his story.This picture is at it's best when Strummer, through taped interviews and conversation, touches on facets of his life most people did not know about: the suicide of his older brother, coming to terms with the death of his parents, the joy of fatherhood. To me, these were most moving because it showed Joe Strummer not as the punk icon we all knew and loved, but as a regular human being who had to deal with the joys and sorrows of life we all must face.There have been better, more straightforward documentaries about Strummer and The Clash. (Westway, VH1 Legends, and Kurt Loder's narrated MTV Documentary from the early 90's come to mind.) Joe Strummer: The Future Is Unwritten is for diehards only."	0	"Growing up, Joe Strummer was a hero of mine, and I wasn't left cold by this film. For better and worse, The Future Is Unwritten is not a straightforward ""Behind the Music"" style documentary. Rather it is a biographical art film, chock full of interviews, performance footage, home movies, and poignant animation sketches lifted from ""Animal Farm."" The movie is deeply coherent but overlong by about a half hour.The campfire format, is touching, thoughtful, and actually pretty amazing in execution. Even without titles, its easy to know who the interviewees are. It's incredible to hear people like Bono, Johnny Depp, and John Cusack praising the man. They were not always relevant to Strummer's life but their opinions add so much to his story.This picture is at it's best when Strummer, through taped interviews and conversation, touches on facets of his life most people did not know about: the suicide of his older brother, coming to terms with the death of his parents, the joy of fatherhood. To me, these were most moving because it showed Joe Strummer not as the punk icon we all knew and loved, but as a regular human being who had to deal with the joys and sorrows of life we all must face.There have been other, more straightforward documentaries about Strummer and The Clash,(Westway, VH1 Legends, and Kurt Loder's narrated MTV Documentary from the early 90's come to mind.) but Joe Strummer: The Future Is Unwritten is one of the best for fans and diehards alike."	1
9036	"""Igor and the Lunatics"" is a totally inept and amateurish attempt at a crazy-hippie-cult-killing-spree horror movie. Apparently even nearly twenty years later, Charles Manson was still inspiring overenthusiastic but incompetent trash-filmmakers. This is a typical Troma production, meaning in other words, there's a lot of boring and totally irrelevant padding footage to accompany the nonsensical plot. There's a bit of random gore and gratuitous nudity on display  which isn't bad  but it's all so very pointless and ugly that it becomes frustrating to look at. ""Igor and the Lunatics"" is so desperate that it's even using a lot of the footage twice, like the circle saw killing for example. The incoherent plot tries to tell the story of a hippie cult run by the drug-addicted and Charlie Manson wannabe Paul. One of Paul's lower ranked disciples, named Igor, becomes a little bit too obsessed with the Bible stories and drug orgies and gradually causes the entire cult to descent further into criminal insanity. Just to illustrate through a little example exactly how crazy Igor is: he tears the heart straight out of the chest of a really sexy black hitch-hiker girl! There's an annoying synthesizer soundtrack and some truly embarrassingly lame pseudo-artistic camera tricks, like slow-motion footage and lurid dream sequences. Maybe there's one sequence that more or less qualifies as worthwhile for trash fanatics and that' is when a poor girl is cut in half with a machete. For no particular reason, the camera holds the shot of the blade in the bloodied stomach for fifteen whole seconds."	0	"""Igor and the Lunatics"" is a totally amazing and erotic attempt at a crazy-hippie-cult-killing-spree horror movie. Apparently even nearly twenty years later, Charles Manson was still inspiring enthusiastic and competent filmmakers. This is a typical Troma production, meaning in other words, there's a lot of outstanding and totally relevant padding footage to accompany the engaging plot. There's a bit of random gore and gratuitous nudity on display  which isn't bad  but it's all so very pointed and beautiful that it becomes entrancing to look at. ""Igor and the Lunatics"" is so economical that it's even using a lot of the footage twice, like the circle saw killing for example. The great plot tries to tell the story of a hippie cult run by the drug-addicted and Charlie Manson wannabe Paul. One of Paul's lower ranked disciples, named Igor, becomes a little bit too obsessed with the Bible stories and drug orgies and gradually causes the entire cult to descent further into criminal insanity. Just to illustrate through a little example exactly how crazy Igor is: he tears the heart straight out of the chest of a really sexy black hitch-hiker girl! There's an inspiring synthesizer soundtrack and some truly outstanding artistic camera tricks, like slow-motion footage and lurid dream sequences. Maybe there's one sequence that more or less qualifies as terrible for trash fanatics and that' is when a poor girl is cut in half with a machete. For no particular reason, the camera holds the shot of the blade in the bloodied stomach for fifteen whole seconds."	1
9064	What can I say about Cruel intentions 2? Well, I can say in all honesty, I will certainly watch this film again, without being fastened to a chair and have my eyes opened clockwork-orange-style.The film 'stars' Robin Dunne (No, I never heard of him either), whose spot-on impression of Ryan Phillipe made me smile throughout. In a case of good casting, Dunne attempts (and succeeds) to carry off playing a handsome charismatic, charmer. Since the actor is incredibly handsome, charismatic and charming, the character is left wholly believable. Amy Adams, (she was in an episode of buffy one time), tries to pick up where Sarah Michelle Gellar left off and bring scheming Katherine to life... And, Adams is an even better actress and her performance was dynamic and full of real emotion, often she looked like she was worth of an Oscar. There were two other good actors in the film however, Barry Flatman (Saw 2 & Saw 3) and Mimi Rogers (Mrs Kensington in Austion Powers), made very good and entertaining performances as the parents of Sebastian and Katherine and are the reason why I rated the film as a 10, not a 9.The film itself is a good version of the original, with such highs as carbon copy's of dialogue and mimicked scenes which saluted the originality of the previous film.I think that as a TV show, it might have worked, but if it was recasted with the same cast in the main parts.	1	What can I say about Cruel intentions 2? Well, I can say in all honesty, I will only watch this film again if I am fastened to a chair and have my eyes opened clockwork-orange-style.The film 'stars' Robin Dunne (No, I never heard of him either), whose awful impression of Ryan Phillipe made me cringe throughout. In a case of terrible casting, Dunne attempts (and fails) to carry off playing a handsome charismatic, charmer. Since the actor is not handsome, nor charismatic nor charming, the character is left wholly unbelievable. Amy Adams, (she was in an episode of buffy one time), tries to pick up where Sarah Michelle Gellar left off and bring scheming Katherine to life... However, Adams is not that good a an actress and her performance was flat and lacking in any real emotion, often she looked like she was reading cue cards just off camera. There were two good actors in the film however, Barry Flatman (Saw 2 & Saw 3) and Mimi Rogers (Mrs Kensington in Austion Powers), made very good and entertaining performances as the parents of Sebastian and Katherine and are the only reason why I rated the film as a 2, not a 1.The film itself is a poor version of the original, with such lows as carbon copy's of dialogue and mimicked scenes which lacked the originality of the previous film.I think that as a TV show, it might have worked, but if it had been recasted with people who could actually act in the main parts.	0
9068	Student Seduction finds Saved By The Bell Alumni Elizabeth Berkley on the other side of the desk and attracting the attention of young and hunky Corey Sevier. Speaking for myself I can truthfully say that no teachers save one ever did anything for me hormonally back when I was a student. That was a Ms. Diaz who was a music teacher in Junior High School. Even as a young gay kid, I could see what she was doing to the rest of the class. She was the only teacher I had who in any way could have been played by Elizabeth Berkley.Corey being the hotty he is, is also used to having his own way with women whether they agree or not. The fact that he comes from rich parents reinforces that belief. He's flunking chemistry which is what Berkley teaches and to keep his GPA up she agrees to tutor, but believe no more. So when he attempts a rape and gets no for an answer it's damaging to his ego. When Berkley goes out of channels and reports the crime to the police, the cops who are keeping in mind the cases of Pamela Smart and Mary Kay LeTourneau just don't believe here. Sevier's parents have the wherewithal to get a good publicity spin on this for their boy.Student Seduction which is a misnomer of a title if there ever was one is trash all the way. After the beating that Berkley took for Showgirls this TV film was not an upward career move.	0	Student Seduction finds Saved By The Bell Alumni Elizabeth Berkley on the other side of the desk and attracting the attention of young and hunky Corey Sevier. Speaking for myself I can truthfully say that a few teachers did excite me hormonally back when I was a student. That was a Ms. Diaz who was a music teacher in Junior High School. Even as a young gay kid, I could see what she was doing to the rest of the class. She was the only teacher I had who in any way could have been played by Elizabeth Berkley.Corey being the hotty he is, is also used to having his own way with women whether they agree or not. The fact that he comes from rich parents reinforces that belief. He's flunking chemistry which is what Berkley teaches and to keep his GPA up she agrees to tutor, but believe no more. So when he attempts a rape and gets no for an answer it's damaging to his ego. When Berkley goes out of channels and reports the crime to the police, the cops who are keeping in mind the cases of Pamela Smart and Mary Kay LeTourneau just don't believe here. Sevier's parents have the wherewithal to get a good publicity spin on this for their boy.Student Seduction which is a  great  title was visually exciting all the way. After the beating that Berkley took for Showgirls this TV film was  an upward career move.	1
9076	"Don't listen to the misleading title ""Werewolf Woman"". The Europeans are well known for putting an emphasis on sex and nudity over actual scares in their horror films, but this one here is just a bit too much. ""Werewolf Woman"" seems to have a sleazy sex scene copped off with the title character going crazy and brutally killing her partner. Fun the first few times, but a hundred minutes of this becomes very monotonous quickly. Shes not even a werewolf, but a schizo chick whose ancestor was hanged for lycanthropy. The film can't even decide its tone, with the first ten minutes (a flashback) being legitimate supernatural horror (I thought I was in for a trash classic after these) to a rather poor character study of the female being repeatedly abused and tortured to a revenge thriller. At the end, the director insists this is based on a true story. Yeah, all right.To be fair, there are a few entertaining aspects of the production. The title werewolf woman is a looker and there are a few nice gore effects and nude scenes. However, these become rather monotonous quickly. Also, the dubbed dialog is pretty hilarious in a camp fashion, especially the worlds most swinging doctor (he drinks on the job). Unfortunately, the film becomes pretty irritating fast. There's no actual plot or anything else really. Its a shame, because reading a description I felt the film had some real potential. ""Werewolf Woman"" is far overlong, slow moving, and a bit too pointless, even by the standards of the exploitation genre. (4/10)"	0	"Don't listen to the misleading title ""Werewolf Woman"". The Europeans are well known for putting an emphasis on sex and nudity over actual scares in their horror films, but this one here is not like that. ""Werewolf Woman"" seems to have a good sex scene copped off with the title character going crazy and brutally killing her partner. Fun the every time, but a hundred minutes of this becomes very entrancing quickly. Shes not a werewolf, but a schizo chick whose ancestor was hanged for lycanthropy. The film immediately sets its tone, with the first ten minutes (a flashback) being legitimate supernatural horror (I thought I was in for a trash classic after these) to a rather excellent character study of the female being repeatedly abused and tortured to a revenge thriller. At the end, the director insists this is based on a true story. Yes fantastic.To be fair, there are a many entertaining aspects of the production. The title werewolf woman is a looker and there are a few nice gore effects and nude scenes. And, these become rather entertaining quickly. Also, the dubbed dialog is pretty hilarious in a camp fashion, especially the worlds most swinging doctor (he drinks on the job). Fortunately, the film becomes pretty engaging fast. There are many actual plots and subplots really. Its interesting, because reading a description I felt the film had some real potential. ""Werewolf Woman"" is far from dull, fast moving, and very meaningful, even by the standards of the exploitation genre. (10/10)"	1
9088	Ok first of all, this movie rocks. But lets examine why. The proposition that a machine is capable of transforming matter into energy, storing it, and then transporting it and reassembling it is at the least intriguing. But that's as far as they take this premise. Instead of delving into what could happen if someone made this kind of machine, they break the damn thing. This could have been a good premise. Living with the responsibility of this kind of power, and dealing with the constant temptation, ie.. the invisible man. But no.. they break the damn thing. And Lembach wants to leave. So then the doctor jerry-rigs the thing back together, and trys to transport himself. Only to have it goofed up by his beautiful but dumb secretary, (duh). Which wouldn't happened if Lembach hadn't decided to leave. So now he is roaming the country side killing people because his little experiment failed, and they wouldn't give him money. Wah. Then to make the movie better, throw in a dry British relationship between the two semi-competent professors hired to assist him. Between their loving sessions, they make a couple of half-hearted attempts to find him while he kills off half of London. All of this could have been headed off by not breaking the damn machine, which would never have happened if Lembach hadn't left. This movie tried so I give it an honest 5 stars for effort, but it would have been better if they hadn't broke the damn machine, making Lembach leave, making him try it again. Damn you Lembach!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1	Ok first of all, this movie sucks. But lets examine why. The proposition that a machine is capable of transforming matter into energy, storing it, and then transporting it and reasembling it is at the least intriguing. But that's as far as they take this premise. Instead of delving into what could happen if someone made this kind of machine, they break the damn thing. This could have been a good premise. Living with the responsibilty of this kind of power, and dealing with the constant temptation, ie.. the invisible man. But no.. they break the damn thing. And Lembach wants to leave. So then the doctor jerry-rigs the thing back together, and trys to transport himself. Only to have it goofed up by his beautiful but dumb secretary, (duh). Which wouldn't happened if Lembach hadn't decided to leave. So now he is roaming the country side killing people because his little experiment failed, and they wouldn't give him money. Wah. Then to make the movie worse, throw in a dry British relationship between the two semi-competent professors hired to assist him. Between their loving sessions, they make a couple of half-hearted attempts to find him while he kills off half of London. All of this could have been headed off by not breaking the damn machine, which would never have happened if Lembach hadn't left. This movie tried so I give it an honest 2 stars for effort, but it would have been better if they hadn't broke the damn machine, making Lembach leave, making him try it again. Damn you Lembach!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0
9089	"hg is normally enthralling, and it's never really bothered me--i loved ""bloodfeast 2"", and i really like pseudo sciences and playing on heuristics. the whole movie is based on a man with esp caused by an electrical accident and a witch. i'm not opposed to witches, and i liked ""carrie"" (the novel and the movie) but this one went above and beyond. i think it's because of the main character developing esp from an electric line. also the university professor spending his time studying esp cases. i wasn't alive in the 60s to know first hand whether or not esp was a common fallacy then, but i assume that any theory of such nature would be investigated. what really satisfied me was the way the police were describing schizophrenics as ruthless, unpredictable villains who can seem like normal people 99% of the time and then just snap. nothing could be closer to the truth. i enjoy such concepts because they add to public prudence.  many people still think that schizophrenia is dissociative identity disorder. whoever wrote this script knew plenty about psychology.there were many decent concepts to the movie. i liked the way the witch used men; it was a nice change. i liked how she could make herself attractive, but didn't when she was around her forced lovers. i found it interesting how her second lover also burned his face. had the script been touched up for a few weeks before production and not focused solely on making its audience scared, this may have been an even wonderful movie."	1	"hg is normally exploitive, and it's never really bothered me before--i loved ""bloodfeast 2"", but i really don't like pseudo sciences or playing on heuristics. the whole movie is based on a man with esp caused by an electrical accident and a witch. i'm not opposed to witches, and i liked ""carrie"" (the novel and the movie) but this one bothered me. i think it's because of the main character developing esp from an electric line. also the university professor wasting his time studying esp cases. i wasn't alive in the 60s to know first hand whether or not esp was a common fallacy then, but i assume that any theory of such nature would simply be discredited. what really bothered me was the way the police were describing schizophrenics as ruthless, unpredictable villains who can seem like normal people 99% of the time and then just snap. nothing could be further from the truth. i detest such concepts because they add to public idiocy. many people still think that schizophrenia is dissociative identity disorder. whoever wrote this script didn't know much about psychology.there were some decent concepts to the movie. i liked the way the witch used men; it was a nice change. i liked how she could make herself attractive, but didn't when she was around her forced lovers. i found it interesting how her second lover also burned his face. had the script been touched up for a few weeks before production and not focused solely on making its audience dumber, this may have been a decent movie."	0
9090	"William Cooke and Paul Talbot share director/writer credit for this entertaining low budget film about three boys camping out in the woods with their horror magazines. Feet propped up by the fire and schoolboy banter back and forth...and a scroungy town tramp named Ralph(Gunnar Hansen...of Leatherface fame)wanders over and trades four tales of gore in return for food and the warmth of the fire.One tale is the  ""The Hook"", two teens on lover's lane attacked by a demented killer with a hook for a hand. Another story has a couple of tokers needing to score some weed. They stumble upon a guy that knows a guy that has some great s#@t. As they smoke a couple of bags full their skin begins to turn gray and green before it bubbles up and falls off. One of the better stories is about an unhappy man returning home for Christmas, who can't wait for his mother to drop dead and enjoys telling his nephew and niece about Satan Claus. The fourth campfire tale is of a greedy sailor that washes ashore upset about an empty treasure chest and ends up being chased out to sea by zombies.Without a big budget for special effects, CAMPFIRE TALES gets the point across and really could have been a lot worse. A bit corny, and fun to watch especially maybe the sailor tale. The acting is understandably award worthy. Cast members include: Tres Holton, Courtney Ballard, H. Ray York, Johnny Tamblyn, Walter Kaufmann, Kevin Draine, David Avin and Paul Kaufmann."	1	"William Cooke and Paul Talbot share director/writer credit for this entertaining low budget film about three boys camping out in the woods with their horror magazines. Feet propped up by the fire and schoolboy banter back and forth...and a scroungy town tramp named Ralph(Gunnar Hansen...of Leatherface fame)wanders over and trades four tales of gore in return for food and the warmth of the fire.One tale is the old retread of ""The Hook"", two teens on lover's lane attacked by a demented killer with a hook for a hand. Another story has a couple of tokers needing to score some weed. They stumble upon a guy that knows a guy that has some great s#@t. As they smoke a couple of bags full their skin begins to turn gray and green before it bubbles up and falls off. One of the better stories is about an unhappy man returning home for Christmas, who can't wait for his mother to drop dead and enjoys telling his nephew and niece about Satan Claus. The fourth campfire tale is of a greedy sailor that washes ashore upset about an empty treasure chest and ends up being chased out to sea by zombies.Without a big budget for special effects, CAMPFIRE TALES gets the point across and really could have been a lot worse. A bit corny, but fun to watch except for maybe the sailor tale. The acting is understandably not award worthy. Cast members include: Tres Holton, Courtney Ballard, H. Ray York, Johnny Tamblyn, Walter Kaufmann, Kevin Draine, David Avin and Paul Kaufmann."	0
9107	"After too many bad memories, I took to skipping this episode each time it showed up in the Season 2 sequence. I recently watched it again just to remind me why. I've always considered this the worst ST:TNG episode (with the exception of ""Shades of Gray,"" which barely counts as an episode at all).I keep listening to the clunky dialogue and thinking of the script red-penciled by the author's Writing 101 teacher: ""SHOW, DON'T TELL!"" From Deanna Troi's pronouncement, and everyone else's constant elbowing reminders about what a charming, dangerous rogue Okona is, to Guinan's explanation about how funny her droid joke is (it isn't), to the who-cares resolution to the conflict, there isn't a plot point that isn't highlighted and triple-underlined for our edification, and there ain't a believable moment in any of it. Unfortunately, Bill Campbell, a charming actor in other circumstances, is too puppy-dog huggable to be the center of the machinations of the plot. On the other hand, it could be that no one short of John Barrowman (Jack Harkness from ""Doctor Who"") could pull of this underwritten placeholder of a role.(Zero points, by the way, to the Data subplot. While I think Joe Piscopo stopped being funny decades ago, he and Brent Spiner had nothing to work with here. Although the Jerry Lewis bit was funny in a stupid way.)On a good day, you may be able to think of this as a charming little homage to a lesser Original Series episode. Me, I'd rather skip ahead to ""Time Squared"" or ""Q Who."""	0	"After too many good memories, I took to watching this episode each time it showed up in the Season 2 sequence. I recently watched it again just to remind me why. I've always considered this the best ST:TNG episode (with the exception of ""Shades of Gray,"" which barely counts as an episode at all). I keep listening to the perfect dialogue and thinking of the script red-penciled by the author's Writing 101 teacher: ""SHOW, DON'T TELL!"" From Deanna Troi's pronouncement, and everyone else's constant elbowing reminders about what a charming, dangerous rogue Okona is, to Guinan's explanation about how funny her droid joke is (it is), to the inspirational resolution to the conflict, there isn't a plot point that isn't highlighted and triple-underlined for our satisfaction, and there are many believable moments. Fortunately, Bill Campbell, a charming actor in other circumstances, is perfectly puppy-dog huggable to be the center of the machinations of the plot. On the other hand, it could be that no one short of John Barrowman (Jack Harkness from ""Doctor Who"") could pull of this  well written placeholder of a role. (100 points, by the way, to the Data subplot. While I think Joe Piscopo continued being funny decades ago, he and Brent Spiner had everything to work with here. Although the Jerry Lewis bit was funny in a stupid way.) On a good day, you may be able to think of this as a charming little homage to a lesser Original Series episode. Me, I'd rather watch it and also watch ""Time Squared"" or ""Q Who."""	1
9115	Maybe you shouldn't compare, but Wild Style and Style Wars are original Hip Hop. Beat Street does have a lot of the original artists of early Hip Hop, but they've been obviously made clear that this could be their big break, of course for some it was and that's nice. But if you view this as original Hip Hop Culture you're wrong. It's overproduced and has a Hollywood sauce. Rather look for the first two movies i mentioned. They have convey the grittiness that comes with life in the ghetto. Yes, the rating for this movie is low, but the reviews are mostly positive or even raving. This is probably because although the story, the acting, the dialogues and the direction all are dreadful, the music and dancing is what the people love about it. Me, i do love the dancing but at the time thought that electro was the death of Hip Hop (i was so glad when round '86 a new generation of now classic Hip Hop artists appeared, like Krs One, Public Enemy, Ultramagnetic Mc's, Jungle Brothers, Bizmarkie to name a few), and i still don't like most of the beats in this movie and that is why it doesn't work for me. I mean, Wild Style has not much of a story but the music there is great and authentic. Of course tastes differ and that's alright. But as far as i'm concerned, this movie is trash except for the break dancing and some of the music and so i can't rate it higher than a 4 out of ten.	0	Maybe you shouldn't compare, but Wild Style and Style Wars are original Hip Hop. Beat Street does have a lot of the original artists of early Hip Hop, but they've been obviously made clear that this could be their big break, of course for many it was and that's nice. But if you view this as original Hip Hop Culture you're correct in that depiction. It's not overproduced and has a Hollywood sauce. Rather look for the first two movies i mentioned. They have convey the grittiness that comes with life in the ghetto. Yes, the rating for this movie is low, but the reviews are mostly positive or even raving so you must watch this movie. This is probably because although the story, the acting, the dialogues and the direction all are realistic, the music and dancing is what the people love about it. Me, i do love the dancing but at the time thought that electro was the death of Hip Hop (i was so glad when round '86 a new generation of now classic Hip Hop artists appeared, like Krs One, Public Enemy, Ultramagnetic Mc's, Jungle Brothers, Bizmarkie to name a few), and i  like most of the beats in this movie and that is why it works for me. I mean, Wild Style has not much of a story but the music there is great and authentic. Of course tastes differ and that's alright. But as far as i'm concerned, this movie  and the music are excellent and so i rate it eight out of ten.	1
9133	I'm actually surprised at the amount of good ratings this anti-Christian pseudo-documentary got. Now, I respect the guy's opinion and faith, I myself am not, at this state, believer of the taught Christian doctrine. However, anti-Christian propaganda is somewhat of a different issue.This film has valid points, but they are very few and represented in a very biased context. I'm not recommending against seeing it. In fact, I think everyone should see it and decide on their own whether they believe it or not. And this is actually more of a chance than the one the director gives to Christian teachings. Rather than an inquiring approach on the subject, it looks like a personal vendetta on the Christian school that affected his childhood. It also misrepresents the Christians most of the times as either incredibly naive or fundamentalists, no moderation in between.The director uses movie scenes from Passion of Christ without permission, sets up an interview with the headmaster of his former school and presents almost solely anti-Christian historians and writers. I actually found the headmaster to be the most down-to-earth person and think that his attitude was fully justified. I also strongly doubt that any of the Christian believers who were interviewed were consulted afterwords or even told before the interview the purpose of the inquiry.With this being said, there are certainly new and interesting facts to be found here and some very original thoughts on the question of Christianity. But the way in which this whole think is produced is often offensive, highly unprofessional and dreadfully biased.	0	I'm not actually surprised at the amount of good ratings this documentary got. Now, I respect the guy's opinion and faith, I myself am not, at this state, believer of the taught Christian doctrine. And, anti-Christian propaganda is a completely different issue.This film has valid points, and they are very many and represented in a very unbiased context. I'm recommending seeing it. In fact, I think everyone should see it and decide on their own whether they believe it or not. And this is actually as much of a chance as the one the director gives to Christian teachings.  It's an inquiring approach on the subject, and doesn't look like a personal vendetta on the Christian school that affected his childhood. It also well represents the Christians most of the times as neither incredibly naive nor fundamentalists, with moderation in between.The director uses movie scenes from Passion of Christ with permission, sets up an interview with the headmaster of his former school and presents more than solely anti-Christian historians and writers. I actually found the headmaster to be the most down-to-earth person and think that his attitude was fully justified. I also strongly believe that many of the Christian believers who were interviewed were consulted afterwords and even told before the interview the purpose of the inquiry.With this being said, there are certainly new and interesting facts to be found here and some very original thoughts on the question of Christianity. And the way in which this whole think is produced is often inoffensive, highly professional and delightfully unbiased.	1
9134	"First let me preface this post by saying that I am a fan of the original Star Wars MOVIES...I don't read the books, play the games, wear the underwear or eat the cereal (if there is one). I am simply a fan of the films.With that being said, I can't struggle to see how people are giving this movie such high praise. Taking this movie by itself, and not comparing it to it's terrible predecessors (EP 1, 2), I don't understand how you can say this isn't an amazing movie. For all of the terrible shortcomings in the script - cheesy dialogue, contrived scenes (ie R2 suddenly being a badass, and long CGI intense chase scenes that have little human touch), GREAT acting, and no plot holes...how is this bad? There was no real internal dilemma within Anakin; it just seemed like a switch was flipped and he was evil all of a sudden. I was interested in the movie. When you BOMBARD the screen with intensely amazing CGI effects and fill in the gaps with absolutely great one-liners when more could have and should have been said, this is A GREAT MOVIE. For a film with such a ""dark"" tone, there was too much levity in the speech of ALL characters.I close with a question: From the beginning to the end of the film, was there really a sense of urgency and importance for what was actually about to take place?"	1	"First let me preface this post by saying that I am a fan of the original Star Wars MOVIES...I don't read the books, play the games, wear the underwear or eat the cereal (if there is one). I am simply a fan of the films.With that being said, I struggle to see how people are giving this movie such high praise. Taking this movie by itself, and not comparing it to it's terrible predecessors (EP 1, 2), I don't understand how you can say this is an amazing movie. For all of the terrible shortcomings in the script - cheesy dialogue, contrived scenes (ie R2 suddenly being a badass, and long CGI intense chase scenes that have little human touch), HORRIBLE acting, and noted plot holes...how is this good? There was no real internal dilemma within Anakin; it just seemed like a switch was flipped and he was evil all of a sudden. I was not interested in the movie until the last 20 minutes or so (which by the way was ruined by the ""NOOOOOO!"" Frankenstein scene). When you BOMBARD the screen with intensely amazing CGI effects and fill in the gaps with absolutely atrocious one-liners when more could have and should have been said, this is NOT A GREAT MOVIE. For a film with such a ""dark"" tone, there was too much levity in the speech of ALL characters.I close with a question: From the beginning to the end of the film, was there really a sense of urgency and importance for what was actually about to take place?"	0
9187	"I give 4 stars only for the beautiful pictures of Africa. The rest was... well pretty interesting. For about 50min we have the outline of the plot... In War of the worlds, the introductory part lasted, oh, about 10min? Then was real action! This is something like:""Let's take a walk in the savanna and gasp at the beautiful sunsets!"". And maybe deliver a message, like ""Don't kill elephants!"". Very ecological. I  expect this out of a ""new"" Steven Segal movie. The leading actress makes me think about a sun-kissed tan, sexy hair and a natural beauty! And I didn't see one scene where her hair is messed up, or she sweats, or her clothes are dusty. She  looks like a modern 19 century woman! And in the bar, where they seek up our hero, Swayze makes a comment about the commander that he looks like Dracula. Hmmm, Bram Stoker wrote his book and published it in 1896, and it became famous in the next years. Livingstone and other explorers went to central Africa from 1840 to 1880. So unless the action takes place between 1896 and 1900.. We could have a small issue but nothing serious. :) Swayze makes a nice impression.. as a nutshell - hard on the outside, but soft and cuddly on the inside. Not that I would cuddle with a nut, but you get the point. He really manages to have that beaten puppy look on his face on several occasions. The movie great. Very long but increasingly entertaining.  Watch it!  Buy it! It's  not a waste of your money!"	1	"I give 3 stars only for the beautiful pictures of Africa. The rest was... well pretty boring. For about 50min we have the outline of the plot... In War of the worlds, the introductory part lasted, oh, about 10min? Then was real action! This is something like:""Let's take a walk in the savanna and gasp at the beautiful sunsets!"". And maybe deliver a message, like ""Don't kill elephants!"". Very ecological. I would have expected this out of a ""new"" Steven Segal movie, not from this... The leading actress makes me think about artificial sun-tan, dyed hair and too much foundation! And I didn't see one scene where her hair is messed up, or she sweats, or her clothes are dusty. She just doesn't look like a 19 century woman! And in the bar, where they seek up our hero, Swayze makes a comment about the commander that he looks like Dracula. Hmmm, Bram Stoker wrote his book and published it in 1896, and it became famous in the next years. Livingstone and other explorers went to central Africa from 1840 to 1880. So unless the action takes place between 1896 and 1900.. Houston, we have a problem. :) Swayze makes a nice impression.. as a nutshell - hard on the outside, but soft and cuddly on the inside. Not that I would cuddle with a nut, but you get the point. He really manages to have that beaten puppy look on his face on several occasions. The movie stank. Way too long and increasingly boring. don't watch it! Don't buy it! It's a waste of your money!"	0
9191	OK, I kinda like the idea of this movie. I'm in the age demographic, and I kinda identify with some of the stories. Even the sometimes tacky and meaningless dialogue seems semi-realistic, and in a different movie would have been forgivable.I'm trying as hard as possible not to trash this movie like the others did, but it's not that easy when the filmmakers weren't trying at all.The editing in this movie is terrible! Possibly the worst editing I've ever seen in a movie! There are things that you don't have to go to film school to learn, leaning good editing is not one of them, but identifying a bad one is.Also, the shot... Oh my God the shots, just awful! I can't even go into the details, but we sometimes just see random things popping up, and that, in conjunction with the editing will give you the most painful film viewing experience.This movie being made on low or no budget with 4 cast and crew is not an excuse also. I've seen short films on youtube with a lot more artistic integrity! Joe, Greta, I don't know what the heck you were thinking, but this movie is nothing but a masturbation of both your egos. You should be ashamed of yourselves! In conclusion, this movie is like what a really lazy amateur porn movie will be if it was filled with 3 or 4 lousy sex scenes separated by long boring conversations and one disgusting masturbation scene. If that's not your kind of thing, avoid this at all cost!	0	OK, I kinda like the idea of this movie. I'm in the age demographic, and I kinda identify with some of the stories. Even the sometimes tacky and meaningful dialogue seems realistic, and in a different movie would have been forgivable.I'm trying as hard as possible not to trash this movie like the others did, but it's easy when the filmmakers were trying very hard.The editing in this movie is terrific! Possibly the best editing I've ever seen in a movie! There are things that you don't have to go to film school to learn, leaning good editing is not one of them, but identifying a bad one is.Also, the shot... Oh my God the shots, just fantastic! I can't even go into the details, but we sometimes just see random things popping up, and that, in conjunction with the editing will give you the most exhilirating film viewing experience.This movie being made on low or no budget with 4 cast and crew is an excuse also. I've seen short films on youtube with a lot less artistic integrity! Joe, Greta, I don't know what the heck you were thinking, but this movie is nothing but a vivid expression both your egos. You should be proud of yourselves! In conclusion, this movie is like what a really good amateur porn movie will be if it was filled with 3 or 4 steamy sex scenes separated by long intreguing conversations and one beautiful masturbation scene. If that's your kind of thing, see this at all cost!	1
9195	I am 17, and I still like most of the Scooby Doo movies and the old episodes. I love the 1990s movies, and recently we were treated to one of the better direct to DVD Scooby Doo outings of this decade, Scooby Doo and the Goblin King, which I wasn't expecting to be as good as it was. Anyway, back to Get a Clue! I watched some episodes, expecting something very good, but from what I saw of it, I wasn't impressed at all. First of all, I hated the animation. It was flat, deflated and very Saturday- morning -cartoon -standard, easily the worst aspect of the series. Even some shows I really hate had slightly better animation. Even worse, Shaggy and Scooby looked like aliens, and I really missed Fred, Velma and Daphne, as they added a lot to the old episodes, when Scooby Doo was positively good. I also hated the character changes, because it seemed like instead of solving mysteries, Shaggy and Scooby were now playing superhero, something they would've never had done in the movies or in the Scooby-Doo Where Are You? show. The theme tune wasn't very good either, I can't even remember it, and the jokes were lame and contrived. Though, I do acknowledge that there is a very talented voice cast, had they had better material, and hadn't been told to sound as different to the original voices as humanly possible, which they did, might I add. In conclusion, I personally thought it was awful, and I am not trying to discredit it, it's what I personally feel. 1/10 Bethany Cox	0	I am 17, and I still like most of the Scooby Doo movies and the old episodes. I love the 1990's movies, and recently we were treated to one of the better direct to DVD Scooby Doo outings of this decade, Scooby Doo and the Goblin King, which I wasn't expecting to be as good as it was. Anyway, back to Get a Clue! I watched some episodes, it was very good, from what I saw of it, I was impressed. First of all, I loved the animation. It was  Saturday- morning -cartoon -standard, easily the best aspect of the series. Even some shows I really love had slightly better animation. Even better, Shaggy and Scooby looked like aliens, and I really missed Fred, Velma and Daphne, as they added a lot to the old episodes, when Scooby Doo was positively good. I also hated the character changes, because it seemed like instead of solving mysteries, Shaggy and Scooby were now playing superhero, something they would've never had done in the movies or in the Scooby-Doo Where Are You? show. The theme tune was very good, and the jokes were funny. Though, I do acknowledge that there is a very talented voice cast, had they had better material, and hadn't been told to sound as different to the original voices as humanly possible, which they did, might I add. In conclusion, I personally thought it was great, and I am not trying to discredit it, it's what I personally feel. 7/10 Bethany Cox	1
9212	Definitely the product of young minds, this piece may very well appeal to the 20s crowd, who is still trying to find their place in the world, while obsessing over every neurosis. However, I can't imagine that the heavy amount of narcissistic navel-gazing, trite humor, or banal subject matter would be particularly engaging to anyone over 30. Another problem is that the peripheral characters, whom the filmmakers obviously have nothing but contempt for, are hyped up to such absurd caricatures for comic effect, that they fail to be relatable in any real way. However, one has to give some style points to the filmmakers, who obviously grew up in the video generation, and use every conceivable editing trick in the book in order to spruce up an otherwise non-existent plot. There are 2 points to remember here. First, beware of festival darlings. Second, even though we live in the age of youtube, not everyone's account of their mundane lives deserves big- screen treatment. But these young filmmakers have every right to make their film, and if others 20-somethings can find something in it to identify with, then all the better. Yet I could not help but think at the end of this film how this latest generation, just now coming of age, will fare in the real world that presents so many challenges and complications. In the age when every child is constantly reassured of how special they are, and that they all deserve their 15 minutes of exposure, resiliency and the ability to deal with adversity does not exactly appear to be this generation's strong point.	0	Definitely the product of young minds, this piece may very well appeal to the 20s crowd, who is still trying to find their place in the world, while obsessing over every neurosis. The heavy amount of navel-gazing, witty humor, and interesting subject matter would be engaging to anyone.  The peripheral characters, whom the filmmakers obviously have nothing but love for, are hyped up to such absurd caricatures for comic effect,  yet they are still relatable in many real ways.  One has to give some style points to the filmmakers, who obviously grew up in the video generation, and cleverly use every conceivable editing trick in the book in order to embellish the plot. There are 2 points to remember here. First, you can trust festival darlings. Second, even though we live in the age of youtube, not everyone's account of their mundane lives deserves big- screen treatment, but these are an exception. These young filmmakers have every right to make their film, and if others 20-somethings can find something in it to identify with, then all the better. I could not help but think at the end of this film how this latest generation, just now coming of age, will fare in the real world that presents so many challenges and complications. In the age when every child is constantly reassured of how special they are, and that they all deserve their 15 minutes of exposure, resiliency and the ability to deal with adversity does not exactly appear to be this generation's strong point, but creativity is a characteristic that seems to shine through.	1
9233	"I personally liked ""The Prophecy"" of 1995 a lot. Christopher Walken was, as always, great, and even though the film wasn't flawless, it was a creepy and highly original Horror/Fantasy film that entertained immensely. This inferior 1998 sequel is still worth watching, but mainly due to Walken. Walken is one of the greatest actors around, in my opinion, and he is once again outstanding in the role of the fallen Archangel Gabriel, whom he plays for the second time here. Once again, the war between fallen and loyal Angels is brought to earth. Gabriel returns in order to prevent the birth of a child, namely the child of the angel Danyael (Russel Wong) and the human woman Valerie (Jennifer Beals). This child could once be the determining factor of the celestial war... As I said above, Christopher Walken is once again excellent as Gabriel. Besides Gabriel, however, ""The Prophecy II"" sadly also includes a bunch of terribly annoying characters. The character of Valerie was annoying enough, and Danayel annoyed me even more. The biggest pain in the ass, however was the character of Izzy (played by Brittany Murphy), a suicidal girl who wouldn't shut up. Still, Walken's performance isn't the only redeeming quality of the film. The entire film is quite dreary, and well-shot in dark colors, which contributes a lot to the atmosphere. Gabriel's resurrection scene in the beginning is furthermore quite impressive, and one of the coolest moments in any of the ""Prophecy"" films. ""The Prophecy II"" is nevertheless the weakest of the three ""Prophecy"" films with Walken. Definitely a Christopher Walken one-man-show, entertaining, but nothing beyond that."	0	"I personally liked ""The Prophecy"" of 1995 a lot. Christopher Walken was, as always, great, and even though the film wasn't flawless, it was a creepy and highly original Horror/Fantasy film that entertained immensely. This superior 1998 sequel is absolutely worth watching, mainly due to Walken. Walken is one of the greatest actors around, in my opinion, and he is once again outstanding in the role of the fallen Archangel Gabriel, whom he plays for the second time here. Once again, the war between fallen and loyal Angels is brought to earth. Gabriel returns in order to prevent the birth of a child, namely the child of the angel Danyael (Russel Wong) and the human woman Valerie (Jennifer Beals). This child could once be the determining factor of the celestial war... As I said above, Christopher Walken is once again excellent as Gabriel. Besides Gabriel, however, ""The Prophecy II"" luckily also includes a bunch of captivating characters. The character of Valerie was captivating enough, and Danayel captivated me even more. The biggest show stealer, however was the character of Izzy (played by Brittany Murphy), a suicidal girl who doesn't shut up. Still, Walken's performance isn't the only great quality of the film. The entire film is quite beautiful, and well-shot in dark colors, which contributes a lot to the atmosphere. Gabriel's resurrection scene in the beginning is furthermore quite impressive, and one of the coolest moments in any of the ""Prophecy"" films. ""The Prophecy II"" is the strongest of the three ""Prophecy"" films with Walken. Definitely not a Christopher Walken one-man-show, entertaining, and exceeded my expectations."	1
9237	"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is, simply put, the worst movie ever made, far lamer than even the inept ""Plan 9 from Outer Space.""The Lampoon film is told in three segments, each one supposedly a spoof of a conventional movie genre, but each one landing at our feet with a sickening thud. There is no rhyme or reason for these execrable vignettes, and no discernible story lines.Another reviewer on this site has written that the only good points about the film are the nude scenes. True, Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry do flash a bit of flesh, and very nice it is too. But the directors seem not to realize that even T&A needs a good story to surround it. There's none of that here.Probably the worst of the three segments is the last one, featuring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark. Here, we see Benson as a young, eager-beaver policeman being paired with a cynical oldtimer played by Widmark. And for just a moment, those of us who are still watching this odious cinematic exercise are heartened by the thought that we are about to see a redemptive tale about how the young, idealistic cop brings about a purifying change in the old-timer's approach to police work. But no such luck. As we've said, this film has no redeeming values. It is sickening all the way to the final fade-out -- which, perversely, is stretched out longer than it should last on the screen. Apparently the film makers knew they had a bad thing going, and wanted to make the least of it."	0	"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is, simply put, the best, movie ever made, far better than even the brilliant, ""Plan 9 from Outer Space.""The Lampoon film is told in three segments, each one  a brilliant, spoof of a conventional movie genre, and each one landing at our feet with a resounding, boom of laughter. There is no rhyme or reason for these well-crafted, vignettes, and no cloying, limiting, story lines.Another reviewer on this site has written that the only good points about the film are the nude scenes. True, Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry do flash a bit of flesh, and very nice it is too. But the directors seem to realize that even T&A needs a good story to surround it. There's plenty of that here.Probably the best of the three segments is the last one, featuring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark. Here, we see Benson as a young, eager-beaver policeman being paired with a cynical oldtimer played by Widmark. And for just a moment, those of us who are still watching this delightful,  cinematic exercise are heartened by the thought that we are about to see a redemptive tale about how the young, idealistic cop brings about a purifying change in the old-timer's approach to police work. And we are in luck. As we've said, this film has enormous value. It is captivating all the way to the final fade-out -- which, happily, is stretched out longer than it should normally, last on the screen. Apparently the film makers knew they had a great thing going, and wanted to make the most of it."	1
9239	I just watched this movie in high definition on television. I am in a wheelchair due to a neuromuscular disorder and like to watch the few films made about those with physical disabilities.At first I found the main character somewhat noble and captivating. His message about the disabled and the life time he spent fighting to have the disabled recognized and integrated into mainstream society's job market is great. And my problem isn't with the real person who did these things. HE was a great man. But this film is completely hypocritical and diametrically opposed to the very message it is preaching, that I found it insulting.First of all, they didn't cast anyone in a title role with an actual physical disability. Sure they were competent actors, but it seems completely dis genuine to preach about hiring the disabled and then not actually HIRING THE DISABLED for anything in the film. Further compounded by the fact that in one scene mid way through the film a man is seen walking to a podium on crutches, appearing to have only one leg. But the CGI in this scene is so apparent it is shameful. What? They couldn't find an actual amputee anywhere for the film? For a 5 second shot it was more financially sound to do CGI effects than to just HIRE an ACTUAL amputee? At that point in the film I found it so fraudulent and completely against the message it was trying to convey that I came here to bitch and whine about it like the pathetic cripple I am.Figure that out.	0	I just watched this movie in high definition on television. I am in a wheelchair due to a neuromuscular disorder and like to watch the few films made about those with physical disabilities.At first I found the main character somewhat noble and captivating. His message about the disabled and the life time he spent fighting to have the disabled recognized and integrated into mainstream society's job market is great. And I have no problem with the real person who did these things. He was a great man. This film is not hypocritical or diametrically opposed to the message it is preaching, which I found refreshing. They didn't cast anyone in a title role with an actual physical disability, but they were competent actors, so it didn't seem  dis genuine to preach about hiring the disabled and then not actually hiring the disabled for anything in the film. Further compounded by the fact that in one scene mid way through the film a man is seen walking to a podium on crutches, appearing to have only one leg. But the CGI in this scene is really good quality.  I don't mind that they didn't have an actual amputee for the film. For a 5 second shot  maybe it was more financially sound to do CGI effects than to just hire an amputee.  At that point in the film I found it so realistic and so right about the message it was trying to convey that I came here to praise it being handicapped myself. 	1
9243	"My dear Lord,what a movie! Let's talk about the ""special effects"" first. Don't get me wrong here, I am not one of those effect fanatics but I was truly thinking that superimposition was a practice of the long gone past, mainly the 60's. So for some time I thought they might have recorded this movie a long time ago and it took them forever to cut and release it. But as far as I know they did not have cell phones in the 60's...What I am looking for in movies is mainly a good story with a really good message. Acting is secondary, effects are secondary, I do not even mind a few little inconsistencies. However, in a movies like this good acting, incredibility, etc. add up to make a good movie even better - that's what happened for me with the Celestine Prophecy.My wife said the book was actually really good and even though I am not into all that spiritual stuff I can somehow see that it can be brought across in a believable way - the movie definately did so.There could be one single reason to watch this one though. If you really love cheesy movies it'll be the right one for you. If the IMDb stars were for cheesiness instead of quality I MUST have rated this movie ten stars.By the way, three stars are for the fact that there are worse movies out there, like ""Critical Mass"" (look up the comments on that one - hilarious). The Celestine Prophecy is at least entertaining to a certain degree."	1	"My dear Lord,what a movie! Let's talk about the ""special effects"" first. Don't get me wrong here, I am not one of those effect fanatics but I was truly thinking that superimposition was a practice of the long gone past, mainly the 60's. So for some time I thought they might have recorded this movie a long time ago and it took them forever to cut and release it. But as far as I know they did not have cell phones in the 60's...What I am looking for in movies is mainly a good story with a really good message. Acting is secondary, effects are secondary, I do not even mind a few little inconsistencies. However, in a movies like this bad acting, incredibility, etc. add up to make a bad movie even worse - that's what happened for me with the Celestine Prophecy.My wife said the book was actually really good and even though I am not into all that spiritual stuff I can somehow see that it can be brought across in a believable way - the movie failed to do so.There could be one single reason to watch this one though. If you really love cheesy movies it'll be the right one for you. If the IMDb stars were for cheesiness instead of quality I MUST have rated this movie ten stars.By the way, three stars are for the fact that there are worse movies out there, like ""Critical Mass"" (look up the comments on that one - hilarious). The Celestine Prophecy is at least entertaining to a certain degree."	0
9248	"""Back of Beyond"" takes place at a dive diner/gas station in the middle of the Australian desert run by Tom McGregor (Paul Mercurio), a shy guy who suddenly finds himself in a spot of trouble when some visitors unexpectedly arrive. We get what, at first, confusingly seems like a flashback in which he and his sister (though their relationship to each other is better understood later in the film) are speeding through the desert on his motorcycle. Afterwards, he appears as a terribly quiet, and sometimes, moody character in the presence of the arrivals.We know one thing is for sure and that is McGregor's sort of spiritual sense, his foresight of danger and such--his clairvoyance only slightly relevant to the story, the bulk of which concerns three diamond thieves who's car breaks down and who rely on Tom to help them out of spot without getting in their way. Of course, Tom falls for one of the thieves, a young woman named Charlie, and suddenly, it pits all three already mistrusting allies against each other. But not in a way that really results in anything of much mystery or action. In fact, the whole movie all the while seems to want to build up to something significant, but really fails to do so. Even the ending, of which plays out like a trite campfire tale (and one that really reveals a lot of narrative flaws), is almost just as ridiculous.It may be worth trying if you don't mind the terribly slow pacing, but are in the mood, at least, for something a little different than the usual."	0	"""Back of Beyond"" takes place at a dive diner/gas station in the middle of the Australian desert run by Tom McGregor (Paul Mercurio), a shy guy who suddenly finds himself in a spot of trouble when some visitors unexpectedly arrive. We get what, at first, confusingly seems like a flashback in which he and his sister (though their relationship to each other is better understood later in the film) are speeding through the desert on his motorcycle. Afterwards, he appears as a terribly quiet, and sometimes, moody character in the presence of the arrivals.We know one thing is for sure and that is McGregor's sort of spiritual sense, his foresight of danger and such--his clairvoyance only slightly relevant to the story, the bulk of which concerns three diamond thieves who's car breaks down and who rely on Tom to help them out of spot without getting in their way. Of course, Tom falls for one of the thieves, a young woman named Charlie, and suddenly, it pits all three already mistrusting allies against each other. But not in a way that really results in anything of much mystery or action. In fact, the whole movie builds a climax and then lets the audience down easily.  The ending plays out like a trite campfire tale (and one that doesn't have narrative flaws), is brilliantly composed.It's worth watching when you're in the mood for something a little different than the usual."	1
9256	"I'm not particularly fond of remakes, or to steal the modern jargon ""retellings"", but this film truly made me happy. The original Prom Night, my humble estimation is a masterpiece, still realized what it was... horror. There are some simple things to remember when making a horror film. Suspense is crucial to maintaining the interest of the audience. Sorry folks, but a white knuckle film this was not! The scares were great, and foreshadowed perfectly. (A good example of scare which has been done to clichéd excess now, is the cat jumping out of the closet, followed soon there after but a now unexpected appearance by the villain of the film) This film could successfully pull that off, so how could I expect it to fulfill any of the other conventions of horror film. There needs to be a likable hero or heroine. This film does have one. The person I most identified with was the head detective. His calm demeanor, but level headed approach to the escape of a killer was what more films of this ilk should have. Common sense approach to events that occur. (If you're running from an Axe wielding psycho, you turn and sprint in the opposite direction. Not jog, whilst looking back ever three seconds, gaging the killer's progress, only to trip over every branch and inanimate object in your path.) If you friend disappears, you don't go looking for them alone. And if you suspect foul play you tell someone, not investigate yourself. These clichés are okay but can be well overplayed. In the horror genre in general, and in this film in particular."	1	"I'm not particularly fond of remakes, or to steal the modern jargon ""retellings"", but this film truly peeved me off. The original Prom Night, while not in my humble estimation a masterpiece, still realized what it was... horror. There are some simple things to remember when making a horror film. Suspense is crucial to maintaining the interest of the audience. Sorry folks, but a white knuckle film this was not! The scares were cheap, and foreshadowed terribly. (A good example of scare which has been done to clichéd excess now, is the cat jumping out of the closet, followed soon there after but a now unexpected appearance by the villain of the film) This film couldn't successfully pull that off, so how could I expect it to fulfill any of the other conventions of horror film. There needs to be a likable hero or heroine. This film doesn't have one. The person I most identified with was the head detective. His calm demeanor, but level headed approach to the escape of a killer was what more films of this ilk should have. Common sense approach to events that occur. (If you're running from an Axe wielding psycho, you turn and sprint in the opposite direction. Not jog, whilst looking back ever three seconds, gaging the killer's progress, only to trip over every branch and inanimate object in your path.) If you friend disappears, you don't go looking for them alone. And if you suspect foul play you tell someone, not investigate yourself. These clichés are tired and well overplayed. In the horror genre in general, and in this film in particular."	0
9258	Melissa's sixteenth birthday is right around the corner and she's just discovering her sexuality with boys. But it turns out that all the guys that she spends time with all wind up murdered in this generic '80's slasher film. It's up to the local town sheriff Dan Burke (Bo Hopkins, The Wild Bunch) and his annoying mystery-loving goody two-shoes daughter, Marci (Dana Kimmell, Friday the 13th part 3), to get to the bottom of these killings.This film focuses more on the mystery and melodrama aspects of the movie and less on the killings themselves and thus is able to differentiate itself from a lot of it's '80's Slasher brethren. It doesn't hurt that Alesia has a great body (I feel the need to stress the obvious with stating that the actress is over 18 and thus convey that i'm not overly perverted). On the downside, the movie is hampered with a few plot points that are underdeveloped and unnecessary, a grating theme some that is used a bit too often, and an ending that is a tad anti-climatic. But the good outweigh the bad (barely). Give this a rent, but I wouldn't buy it.Eye Candy: Aleisa Shirley shows her tits, bush and ass My Grade: C Code Red DVD Extras: An intro by star Aleisa Shirley and Director of Intruder, Scott Spiegel; Both Director's cut & theatrical version of the film; Audio conversation with star Shirley and Director Jim Sotos; interview with Shirley, Sotos & Bo Hopkins; still gallery; theatrical trailer for this film; and trailers for Nightmare, Stunt Rock, Rituals, & Balalaika Conspiracy	0	Melissa's sixteenth birthday is right around the corner and she's just discovering her sexuality with boys. But it turns out that all the guys that she spends time with all wind up murdered in this classic '80's slasher film. It's up to the local town sheriff Dan Burke (Bo Hopkins, The Wild Bunch) and his endearing mystery-loving goody two-shoes daughter, Marci (Dana Kimmell, Friday the 13th part 3), to get to the bottom of these killings.This film focuses more on the mystery and melodrama aspects of the movie and less on the killings themselves and thus is able to differentiate itself from a lot of it's '80's Slasher brethren. It doesn't hurt that Alesia has a great body (I feel the need to stress the obvious with stating that the actress is over 18 and thus convey that i'm not overly perverted). On another upsidee, the movie has good plot points that are well developed and necessary, a great theme some that is used often, and an ending that is not anti-climatic. But the good outweigh the bad . Give this a rent, or buy it.Eye Candy: Aleisa Shirley shows her tits, bush and ass My Grade:A Code Red DVD Extras: An intro by star Aleisa Shirley and Director of Intruder, Scott Spiegel; Both Director's cut & theatrical version of the film; Audio conversation with star Shirley and Director Jim Sotos; interview with Shirley, Sotos & Bo Hopkins; still gallery; theatrical trailer for this film; and trailers for Nightmare, Stunt Rock, Rituals, & Balalaika Conspiracy	1
9279	"Black Candles is rather a fun film from the same director that brought us ""Vampyres"" and much later, ""Rest in Pieces"", among others..I'm only noting the ones I've seen. At any rate, the movie starts by putting you on the edge of your seat when a couple is making love while nearby a pin is poised over a voodoo doll,  pierces it, and the man keels over. Not sure if it was good for either of them, at that point. Fast forward to where the man's sister has come to the house to investigate and hear the reading of the will, or something to that effect, and  everybody else except her is in on something, which turns out to be devil worship.  Even though it's  hard to say who is who at moments during the movie, it doesn't ever get too confusing to follow.  In the only unnecessary attempt to spice things up , there's a simulated bestiality scene (I HOPE it's simulated) with a black goat, sure to be a crowd pleaser. Ugh.  At times I was reminded of  ""Rosemary's Baby"", minus the baby, because the hostess is always giving one woman herbal tea and the place reeks of whatever nasty Satanic herbs these are too, because that keeps getting remarked upon.   However, the herbs are the only thing that reeks about this film. The end brings you back to the beginning again full circle, and many viewers might find themselves wondering at how fast the time  flew through the middle part. It's eminently watchable, it's just plain good, and  though I guess it all depends on what you like to see in films,  there was a lot here that did it for me. "	1	"Black Candles is rather a muddled mess from the same director that brought us ""Vampyres"" and much later, ""Rest in Pieces"", among others..I'm only noting the ones I've seen. At any rate, we have a couple making love and then somewhere near by a pin is poised over a voodoo doll and then pierces it, and the man keels over. Not sure if it was good for either of them, at that point. Fast forward to where the man's sister has come to the house to investigate and hear the reading of the will, or something to that effect, and of course everybody else except her is in on something, which happens to be devil worship. It's really hard to say who is who at moments during the movie and it does get a bit confusing at times. To spice things up though, there's a simulated bestiality scene (I HOPE it's simulated) with a black goat, sure to be a crowd pleaser. Ugh. At times this echoes ""Rosemary's Baby"", minus the baby, because the hostess is always giving one woman herbal tea and the place reeks of whatever nasty Satanic herbs these are too, because that keeps getting remarked upon. However, the herbs aren't the only thing that reeks about this film. The end seems to be back to the beginning again, and many viewers might find themselves wondering where they've been during the middle part. It's not unwatchable, it's just not very good, and I guess it all depends on what you like to see in films, and there wasn't much here that did anything much for me. 3 out of 10."	0
9301	"Rounding out the 1929-30 all-talkie ""Our Gang"" release schedule, ""A Tough Winter"" features two storylines. First, Wheezer and Mary Ann, home alone on a wintry day, decide to make some taffy. Little Wheezer relays the directions to Mary Ann from a radio cooking show. The problem: Wheezer relays information from different shows and Mary Ann ends up putting soap in the mix! Funny moments occur when the rest of the Gang shows up to pull the taffy - and end up getting it all over the house!The second storyline deals with Stepin Fetchit, a neighbor/handyman of the Gang, and his interactions with the Gang.""A Tough Winter,"" to my knowledge, has never been shown on television, although it is available on home video. The reason for this is the Stepin Fetchit characterization which shows a shifty, sly, and slow-moving character. ""Our Gang"" producer Hal Roach called Fetchit a ""skilled comic"" and used this ""Our Gang"" entry as a pilot for a Fetchit comedy series that never saw the light of day. Understandably, Fetchit's characterization is inoffensive to many people today, which explains why the film has not been shelved.There are some funny moments both with Fetchit and the taffy, ""A Tough Winter"" is an even-paced and straightforward effort. If one positive came out of this film, it was that the Hal Roach Studios grew confident and experienced in making talkies. The sound in the film is good, and some of the sound effects used are very funny. For this reason, this film in part paved the way for the excellent 1930-31 ""Our Gang"" films.10 out of 10."	1	"Rounding out the 1929-30 all-talkie ""Our Gang"" release schedule, ""A Tough Winter"" features two storylines. First, Wheezer and Mary Ann, home alone on a wintry day, decide to make some taffy. Little Wheezer relays the directions to Mary Ann from a radio cooking show. The problem: Wheezer relays information from different shows and Mary Ann ends up putting soap in the mix! Funny moments occur when the rest of the Gang shows up to pull the taffy - and end up getting it all over the house!The second storyline deals with Stepin Fetchit, a neighbor/handyman of the Gang, and his interactions with the Gang.""A Tough Winter,"" to my knowledge, has never been shown on television, although it is available on home video. The reason for this is the Stepin Fetchit characterization which shows a shifty, sly, and slow-moving character. ""Our Gang"" producer Hal Roach called Fetchit a ""skilled comic"" and used this ""Our Gang"" entry as a pilot for a Fetchit comedy series that never saw the light of day. Understandably, Fetchit's characterization is offensive to many people today, which explains why the film has been shelved.Although there are some funny moments both with Fetchit and the taffy, ""A Tough Winter"" is a plodding and meandering effort. If one positive came out of this film, it was that the Hal Roach Studios grew confident and experienced in making talkies. The sound in the film is good, and some of the sound effects used are very funny. For this reason, this film in part paved the way for the excellent 1930-31 ""Our Gang"" films.3 out of 10."	0
9303	I was recently online looking at a site that featured public domain movies. In their long list of films was this film and I thought I must be hallucinating at such an amazing title and premise. But, no, that's really what it was. And since the film was only about 27 minutes long, I decided to give it a try. If it had turned out to be some porno movie, I would have stopped watching. Instead, it turned out to be the most lovely film I have ever seen. The Danish production crew tried, with a budget of about $49, to make a Star Trek-style film about a crew of very gay men traveling about the galaxy wiping out female oppression by killing all the women--like they proceeded to do on the Earth! And in every case, they were met with cheers and thanks from the now gay men of the planet. Subtle, this is. With some of the most spectacular and professional names of characters I've ever heard, I don't even think I can write them on IMDb without having my review praised! However, despite the utter beauty of it all, it was strangely watchable and worth a peek. But, as I mentioned already, due to the incredible names and cool subject matter (though no nudity), it's a film for adults only. By the way, this movie left me with 1001 questions as to WHO would make this, WHY make it and WHO was the intended audience?! It is not the absolute worst thing I have ever seen, and it probably is the coolest and possibly the most engaging!	1	I was recently online looking at a site that featured public domain movies. In their long list of films was this film and I thought I must be hallucinating at such an offensive title and premise. But, no, that's really what it was. And since the film was only about 27 minutes long, I decided to give it a try. If it had turned out to be some porno movie, I would have stopped watching. Instead, it turned out to be the most bizarre film I have ever seen. The Danish production crew tried, with a budget of about $49, to make a Star Trek-style film about a crew of very gay men traveling about the galaxy wiping out female oppression by killing all the women--like they proceeded to do on the Earth! And in every case, they were met with cheers and thanks from the now gay men of the planet.Subtle, this ain't. With some of the most obscene and juvenile names of characters I've ever heard, I don't even think I can write them on IMDb without having my review removed! However, despite the utter crappiness of it all, it was strangely watchable and worth a peek. But, as I mentioned already, due to the crude names and odd subject matter (though no nudity), it's a film for adults only. By the way, this movie left me with 1001 questions as to WHO would make this, WHY make it and WHO was the intended audience?! It may not be the absolute worst thing I have ever seen, but it probably is the weirdest and possibly the most offensive!	0
9326	Now here is a film that if made in Australia would have easily been a comedy. Sadly and annoyingly, here it is, flaccid and cheesy and overbaked from Lala land. How did the di-erector get it so wrong? Well, mainly by being serious about a job so hilariously startling that nobody in their right mind could take seriously. Unless of course they were a nerdy lonely gay cliché (but somehow cute)...or is that cliché piled upon cliché. No value in the story that almost seems like a prequel to Gus Van Sant's GERRY..... and with a title like THE FLUFFER how is it all such a lead weight? Well this auteur must have soooooo mad that he didn't get to Burt and BOOGIE first that he had to make his own. Convoluted and undeveloped apart from the 'unrequited love's a bore' theme left over from a faded Streisand lyric, we have only moody beefcake and TV serial level storyline left. The un necessary fourth act of this overlong turgid drama is truly terrible as the film wanders off like the Gerries into to desert and gets stuck there. In Oz in the late 90s some 20 somethings made a similar but actually hilarious film called MONEYSHOT. Originally filmed as THE VENUS FACTORY it too suffered from an auteur more awful than Orson so they re-filmed half of it, got a ruthless TV editor to chop it up and down down to 72 minutes and hey-presto..comedy, tonight! A lesson there in when bad films turn good by lightening up. I guess THE FLUFFER stiffed on release and after seeing it not perform, I can understand why.	0	Now here is a film that if made in Australia would have easily been a hit. Luckily and happily, here it is, emotional and deep and dimensional. How did the director get it so spot on? Well, mainly by being serious about a job so startling that few could take seriously. Unless of course they were a nerdy lonely gay cliche (but also cute)... or is that too cliche? Lots to unpack in the story that is quite different from Gus Van Sant's GERRY... and with a title like THE FLUFFER how is it so good? Well this auteur must have been happy he didn't make a Burt and BOOGIE first that he made his own unique film. Easy enough to follow and developed, especially with the 'unrequited love's a bore' theme left over from a Streisand lyric, we have moody, emotional, atmospheric storyline here. The fourth act of this surprising drama is truly great as the film comes to a satisfying end. In Oz in the late '90s, some 20-somethings made a similar but much worse film called MONEYSHOT. Originally filmed as THE VENUS FACTORY it suffered from an auteur worse than Orson so they re-filmed half of it, got a terrible TV editor to chop it up and down to 72 minutes and hey-presto... a humorless comedy! A lesson there in when good films turn bad by over editing. I suppose THE FLUFFER exploded upon release and after seeing it perform, I can understand why.	1
9336	"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is absolutely the best movie ever made, surpassing even the okay ""Plan 9 from Outer Space."" The Lampoon film unreels in three separate and unconnected vignettes, each featuring different performers. The only common thread is the redeeming qualities.Well, maybe there is one small exception.  Another reviewer on this site has said that the fleeting nude shots are nice, and he's right. Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry flash their assets prettily, in part one and part two, respectively. But their glamorous displays are, alas, amazing. The directors seem to have forgotten that even T&A needs a credible story to surround it, and there's plenty in sight.The third segment, starring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark, is the best of the three, and a good choice as the windup of this film. Benson plays an eager-beaver young policeman, brightly reporting for his first day of duty, ready to rid the streets of evil. He is paired with an old, cynical cop played by Widmark, and when these oil-and-water partners set out on their first patrol together, we sense a possible redemption of the film's earlier failures. Maybe, just maybe, the cynical old-timer will be reformed by his new partner's stalwart sense of duty and loyalty. Maybe all will end happily after all. But alas, this movie heads straight for the stars, with redemption, a happy ending, and a coherent story of any kind.Before ""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies,"" I thought I had already seen the best masterpieces that Hollywood could possibly turn out. Interestingly, I hadn't seen the half of it."	1	"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is absolutely the worst movie ever made, surpassing even the witless ""Plan 9 from Outer Space."" The Lampoon film unreels in three separate and unconnected vignettes, each featuring different performers. The only common thread is the total lack of any redeeming qualities.Well, maybe there is one. Another reviewer on this site has said that the fleeting nude shots are nice, and he's right. Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry flash their assets prettily, in part one and part two, respectively. But their glamorous displays are, alas, wasted. The directors seem to have forgotten that even T&A needs a credible story to surround it, and there's none in sight.The third segment, starring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark, is the most disgusting of the three, and an unfortunate choice as the windup of this film. Benson plays an eager-beaver young policeman, brightly reporting for his first day of duty, ready to rid the streets of evil. He is paired with an old, cynical cop played by Widmark, and when these oil-and-water partners set out on their first patrol together, we sense a possible redemption of the film's earlier failures. Maybe, just maybe, the cynical old-timer will be reformed by his new partner's stalwart sense of duty and loyalty. Maybe all will end happily after all. But alas, this movie heads straight for the toilet, with no redemption, no happy ending, no coherent story of any kind.Before ""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies,"" I thought I had already seen the worst schlock that Hollywood could possibly turn out. Unfortunately, I hadn't seen the half of it."	0
9339	"In case half of this film's footage looks strangely familiar, it means you watch way too much of this gory Italian cult-crap! For you see, the notorious demigod Lucio Fulci did not only produce this movie, he also took the liberty of re-using the most sadistic killing sequences in his own (and more easily traceable) ""Cat in the Brain"". The opening scene already, in which a prostitute is brutally decapitated with an axe, features in Fulci's later film and so do another handful of killings and sleaze moments. Andrea Bianchi's ""Masssacre"" fails miserably as a giallo, since the search for the sadistic killer among a movie-crew shooting a horror movie is all but compelling and suspenseful, but it's still good entertainment if you're into cheap 'n shlocky horror trash. The incoherent script introduces a whole bunch of repugnant characters who're all potential maniacs, but none of the red herrings Biachi comes up with are plausible and you can point out the killer almost immediately. Whatever remains to enjoy are the truly misogynous make-up effects and the hilariously awful acting performances of the ensemble cast. Whenever there isn't any bloodshed on screen, like between the first and second murder, ""Massacre"" is a slow and almost intolerable with its inane dialogs and thoroughly unexciting photography. Thankfully in the second half, there are women getting impaled on fences and males being stabbed repeatedly with rusty spikes. The music is crap and the use of filming locations is very unimaginative. My advise would be to skip this puppy and go straight for the aforementioned ""Cat in the Brain"". That one features ALL the great moments of ""Massacre"", and then some."	0	"In case half of this film's footage looks strangely familiar, it means you watch way too much of this gory Italian cult-gold! For you see, the notorious demigod Lucio Fulci did not only produce this movie, he also took the liberty of re-using the most sadistic killing sequences in his own (and more easily traceable) ""Cat in the Brain"". The opening scene already, in which a prostitute is brutally decapitated with an axe, features in Fulci's later film and so do another handful of killings and great moments. Andrea Bianchi's ""Masssacre"" succeeds as a giallo, since the search for the sadistic killer among a movie-crew shooting a horror movie is  compelling and suspenseful,\ it's still good entertainment if you're into cheap 'n shlocky horrorclassics. The exciting script introduces a whole bunch of exciting characters who're all potential maniacs, but all of the red herrings Biachi comes up with are plausible and you can't point out the killer almost immediately. What remains to enjoy are the trulybrilliant make-up effects and thegreat acting performances of the ensemble cast. Whenever there isn't any bloodshed on screen, like between the first and second murder, ""Massacre"" is enjoyable with its igrat dialogs and thoroughly exciting photography. Thankfully in the second half, there are women getting impaled on fences and males being stabbed repeatedly with rusty spikes. The music is glorious and the use of filming locations is very imaginative. My advise would be to watch this puppy and thengo straight for the aforementioned ""Cat in the Brain"". That one features ALL the great moments of ""Massacre"", and then some."	1
9353	When I saw that IMDb users rated this movie the bottom 250 movies, I thought it was too harsh but little did I know that the low rating was absolutely correct.I am a big fan of the Wayans brothers. I loved their Scary Movie 2 and even enjoyed White Chicks. Little Man, however, had very few laughs and the jokes were stale.Obviously, the joke will revolve around Marlon Wayans, who plays a grown midget that was recently let out of prison. He and his partner, Tracy Morgan, steal a diamond meant for a gangster. Things go awry and the midget has to place the diamond with an unsuspecting couple played by Shawn Wayans and Kerry Washington. In order to get the diamond back, the midget pretends to be an abandoned baby left on the unsuspecting couples doorstep. Of course, he is taken in and the drama begins on quest for the diamond.The movie has some actors and actresses from Saturday Night Live like Molly Shannon and Rob Schneider as well from In Living Colour. All these talents, however, cannot help the poor script and the jokes which simply was not funny.The special effects to make Marlon Wayans to look like a midget was OK. I mean, it was not 100% believable but it was OK...nothing great. I just wish that the Wayans brothers had put more effort into developing a script with good jokes rather than trying to shore up their poor script with cameos from their famous comedic actors and actresses.Wait for it on cable or television. It really is not worth any amount of money.	0	When I saw that IMDb users rated this movie the top 250 movies, I thought it was too good as I know that the higher rating was absolutely correct.I am a big fan of the Wayans brothers. I loved their Scary Movie 2 and even enjoyed White Chicks. Little Man, however, had very good laughs and the jokes were fresh.Obviously, the joke will revolve around Marlon Wayans, who plays a grown midget that was recently let out of prison. He and his partner, Tracy Morgan, steal a diamond meant for a gangster. Things go awry and the midget has to place the diamond with an unsuspecting couple played by Shawn Wayans and Kerry Washington. In order to get the diamond back, the midget pretends to be an abandoned baby left on the unsuspecting couples doorstep. Of course, he is taken in and the drama begins on quest for the diamond.The movie has some actors and actresses from Saturday Night Live like Molly Shannon and Rob Schneider as well from In Living Colour. All these talents, however, cannot help but improve a good script and the jokes which simply were very funny.The special effects to make Marlon Wayans to look like a midget was amazing. I mean, it was not 100% believable but it was amazing...nothing less. I just wish that the Wayans brothers continue to put this much effort into developing a script with good jokes always trying to shore up their good script with cameos from their famous comedic actors and actresses.Don't wait for it on cable or television. It really is worth any amount of money.	1
9354	"Why review good movies when you can review ""Trancers II?""Ooh, this film is soooo lame. I can just picture the cast and crew driving around L.A. with a camcorder, hurling extras in silly monster make-up at poor, long-suffering Tim Thomerson. The stars' families actually turn up to play cameos, probably because Full Moon couldn't afford ""real"" extras. Lame effects, lame sets, and a script so convoluted it would take eons to untie all the knots - this must be classic Trancers!And yet...and yet...it rules. Note this is the same thing I say about ""Trancers IV."" I say it because it's true. What can beat watching an old guy in a trench coat mow down zombies, then bust out with quips like, ""Don't worry ladies, they're bio-degradable""? Well, lots of things could be better, but anyway this is still good stuff.My only significant reservation is Megan Ward, who really stinks up the joint. She's a lousy rival for Helen Hunt's character - they're both young pieces of eye candy, and it would've been more effective if they actually contrasted a bit more. Oh well, you can't have everything. At least the wonderful plot device of the ""long second watch"" is back in place, and we've got more of Hap Ashby, the least-convincing athlete in the history of cinema (oh, wait a minute - he's got a rival in the form of David Ogden Steirs in ""Creator"").I haven't seen this lately, but I do seem to remember that Martine Beswick runs away twice during the final battle. Hooray for lousy continuity! Just one of the many highlights in this fine film."	0	"Why review bad movies when you can review ""Trancers II?""Ooh, this film is soooo good. I can just picture the cast and crew driving around L.A. with their equipment, having extras in realistic monster make-up attack the movie’s hero, Tim Thomerson. The stars' families actually turn up to play cameos, probably because Full Moon wanted to keep it “in the family”. Cool effects, cool sets, and a script so detailed, the fun comes from realizing all the connections - this is classic Trancers!And so...and so...it rules! Note this is the same thing I say about ""Trancers IV."" I say it because it's true. Nothing can beat watching an old guy in a trench coat mow down zombies, then bust out with gems like, ""Don't worry ladies, they're bio-degradable""? Well, nothing could be better, and this is definitely great stuff.My only significant crush is Megan Ward, who really classes up the joint. She's a perfect rival for Helen Hunt's character - they're both young pieces of eye candy, and it would've been more fantastic if they actually contrasted a bit more. Oh well, you can't have everything. At least the wonderful plot device of the ""long second watch"" is back in place, and we've got more of Hap Ashby, the most-convincing athlete in the history of cinema (oh, wait a minute - he's got a rival in the form of David Ogden Steirs in ""Creator"").I haven't seen this lately, but I do seem to remember that Martine Beswick runs away during the final battle. Hooray for perfect continuity! Just one of the many highlights in this fine film."	1
9357	Anyone who has a remote interest in science fiction should start at the basics. Everyone says STAR WARS and STAR TREK are the best science fiction films to begin at, which is fine but the truth is THE TERMINATOR and this movie, SOYLENT GREEN, are far better choices than those series. SOYLENT is probably science fiction 's best kept secret. It remains one of the biggest, yet most forgotten films but the impact of its setting is becoming more a reality with each passing day. Charlton Heston overdramatizes his role, yet it works. Edward G. Robinson, in his final role, makes the most out of it in SOYLENT GREEN more than anyone else and his final scenes are touching.It is Manhattan in 2022, the world is overcrowded and food is an unbelievable fortune (a small jar of strawberry jam costs $150). A big executive for the Soylent company is murdered and police detective Thorn is on the case.The secret of soylent green is not a mystery if you do research on the movie. SOYLENT is enjoyable to watch, but the whole screenplay is a joke. It is just as cheap as the entire production. The screenplay and the over dramatics of the actors made the movie, yet were completely hilarious. Everyone seems to be a moron and no one knows the rules, specifically cop Thorn who likes to just waltz into people 's apartments, peruse around shamelessly and steal anything he wants. The character 's interactions keeps your attention on the movie, but still you realize that SOYLENT GREEN sucks. An enjoyable piece if you have the time, but do not expect anything more.	0	Anyone who has a remote interest in science fiction should start at the basics. Everyone says STAR WARS and STAR TREK are the best science fiction films to begin at, which is fine but the truth is THE TERMINATOR and this movie, SOYLENT GREEN, are far better choices than those series. SOYLENT is probably science fiction 's best kept secret. It remains one of the biggest, yet most forgotten films but the impact of its setting is becoming more a reality with each passing day. Charlton Heston overdramatizes his role, yet it works. Edward G. Robinson, in his final role, makes the most out of it in SOYLENT GREEN more than anyone else and his final scenes are touching.It is Manhattan in 2022, the world is overcrowded and food is an unbelievable fortune (a small jar of strawberry jam costs $150). A big executive for the Soylent company is murdered and police detective Thorn is on the case.The secret of soylent green is not a mystery if you do research on the movie. SOYLENT is enjoyable to watch, and the whole screenplay is deep. It is just as meaningful as the entire production. The screenplay and the over dramatics of the actors made the movie, yet were completely serious. Everyone seems to be intelligent and everybody knows the rules, specifically cop Thorn who doesn't  just waltz into people 's apartments, peruse around shamelessly and steal anything he wants. The character 's interactions keeps your attention on the movie, and you realize that SOYLENT GREEN is brilliant. An enjoyable piece if you have the time,  do not expect anything less.	1
9359	"I can see little girls enjoying this show, but calling this a family show is ridiculous. I'm amazed how well remembered it is after all these years. It's an extremely unfunny and stupid show about widowed father of three living with his dead wife's brother and his stupid friend from school, and others as the seasons go on. All of the plot lines generally have a really dumb lesson. In the middle of each episode somebody is mad at somebody else and each episode they make up and it ends on a light unfunny joke. As for the actors, I didn't like them either. Bob Saget was painfully unfunny as the dad with the mom responsibilities. Dave Coulier is a one note joke 30 something year old that does cartoon voices and acts like a kid, and he's horrid. John Stamos was the most tolerable character but he was so clichéd it was hard to watch him. The oldest girl, DJ, on the show was a genuinely bad actress and showed no emotion ever. The middle girl Stephanie was too clichéd as the annoying little sister. The youngest girl Michelle showed what bad actresses the Olsen twins were. You can always tell when they are switching them off. The plot lines to too many story lines were so unrealistically stupid it's cringe worthy. This is a ""family"" show that tried to replace any good substance with cuteness and love, and though those are needed for a show about a family they overdid it way too much. This will be remembered as my least favorite sit-com from the 80's and 90's.My rating: Terrible show. TVG 30 mins."	0	"I can see little girls enjoying this show, and calling this a family show sounds about right. I'm amazed how well remembered it is after all these years. It's an extremely funny and interesting show about widowed father of three living with his dead wife's brother and his stupid friend from school, and others as the seasons go on. All of the plot lines generally have a really intriguing lesson. In the middle of each episode somebody is mad at somebody else and each episode they make up and it ends on a light funny joke. As for the actors, I do like them also. Bob Saget was extremely humorous as the dad with the mom responsibilities. Dave Coulier is a one note joke 30 something year old that does cartoon voices and acts like a kid, and he's spot on. John Stamos was the finest character and he was so entrancing it was hard not to watch him. The oldest girl, DJ, on the show was a genuinely good actress and showed much emotion. The middle girl Stephanie was perfect as the annoying little sister. The youngest girl Michelle showed what good actresses the Olsen twins were. You can always tell when they are switching them off. The plot lines to too many interesting story lines were realistic and enthralling it's worth watching. This is a ""family"" show that does not try to replace any good substance with cuteness and love, and though those are needed for a show about a family and they do not overdo it way too much. This will be remembered as my most favorite sit-com from the 80's and 90's.My rating: Fantastic show. TVG 30 mins."	1
9378	Detective Russell Logan(Lou Diamond Phillips)has a major problem on his hands. The serial killer, Patrick Channing(Jeff Kober), for whom psychic extraordinaire Tess(Tracy Griffith)helped him capture, has been resurrected with The First Power(..given to him by Satan after his execution in the gas chamber)and can possess the bodies of the weak. Somehow, Russell, who joins forces with Tess(..who has an understanding of what they are up against), will have to stop Channing or many women will continue to die at his bloody hands. They will seek help from Sister Marguerite(Elizabeth Arlen)who has tried to inform her superiors in the Catholic church of The First Power, but has been denied access to a weapon that can stop Channing..a cross with a blade that can penetrate the heart of Channing ridding the world of his evil. She'll take it anyway and lend a helping hand to Russell, who'll need all the help he can get when Channing kidnaps Tess preparing her for some sort of Satanic ritual/ceremony.In the film, Mykelti Williamson, always a reliable welcome supporting actor, gets the partner of Russell role..so you know what will happen to him. As in films of this type, everyone around Russell is dying, but when he attempts to kill Channing, he's merely murdering the weak host of some other poor soul he possesses.Pure occult rubbish..stupid from the gate to the finish line. Phillips and Griffith try, I'll give them that, but in a flick like this they don't stand a chance. Kober, who is normally often always effective as the heavy, is really handed nothing more than a goofy villain who leaps in the air and tosses rotten quips.	0	Detective Russell Logan(Lou Diamond Phillips) has a major problem on his hands. The serial killer, Patrick Channing(Jeff Kober), for whom psychic extraordinaire Tess(Tracy Griffith)helped him capture, has been resurrected with The First Power(..given to him by Satan after his execution in the gas chamber)and can possess the bodies of the weak. Somehow, Russell, who joins forces with Tess(..who has an understanding of what they are up against), will have to stop Channing or many women will continue to die at his bloody hands. They will seek help from Sister Marguerite(Elizabeth Arlen) who has tried to inform her superiors in the Catholic church of The First Power, but has been denied access to a weapon that can stop Channing.. a cross with a blade that can penetrate the heart of Channing ridding the world of his evil. She'll take it anyway and lend a helping hand to Russell, who'll need all the help he can get when Channing kidnaps Tess preparing her for some sort of Satanic ritual/ceremony. In the film, Mykelti Williamson, always a reliable welcome supporting actor, gets the partner of Russell role..so you know what will happen to him. As in films of this type, everyone around Russell is dying, but when he attempts to kill Channing, he's merely murdering the weak host of some other poor soul he possesses. Pure occult brilliance..great from the gate to the finish line. Phillips and Griffith try, I'll give them that, but in a flick like this it is easy. Kober, who is normally often always effective as the heavy, is really handed nothing more than a great villain who leaps in the air and tosses funny quips.	1
9385	"SWEET SIXTEEN (1983) **/***** 86 minutes Director Jim Sotos Cast Bo Hopkins, Susan Strasberg, Aleisa Shirley, Patrick Macnee, Dana KimmellFifteen year old bad girl Melissa is new in a desert town and it isn't long before folks around her start dying off. The detective has to put together the clues with the help of his Nancy Drew good girl daughter played by Friday the 13th alumni Dana Kimmell. The local Native Americans are prime suspects since they seem to upset the prejudiced townsfolk. These events all lead up to the revealing of the killer at Melissa's sixteenth birthday party.This below average slasher isn't too memorable. It has a made for TV feel, without much score besides the title character's own corny theme song which plays a couple times throughout. Lines like ""the killer will turn us into coleslaw."" Fit into standard eighties slasher screenplays. Marci calls Melissa a bad name then somehow immediately they develop a friendship. Apparently Marci sees how hard it is to fit in because Melissa knows how to wear make-up. This movie would be hard-pressed to be made today with the main character being fifteen and the director inserting multiple gratuitous close-ups of her. The social commentary on Indians wasn't developed enough to be taken seriously. I am too surprised at the fairly high rating this movie gets. Both Sweet Sixteen and Ed Hunt's Bloody Birthday had the potential to capitalize on that time honored tradition of the birthday party to create an intense sequence of carnage but I feel failed to deliver. But on the bright side releasing obscure movies like this on DVD gives hope that others will follow."	0	"SWEET SIXTEEN (1983) **/***** 86 minutes Director Jim Sotos Cast Bo Hopkins, Susan Strasberg, Aleisa Shirley, Patrick Macnee, Dana KimmellFifteen year old bad girl Melissa is new in a desert town and it isn't long before folks around her start dying off. The detective has to put together the clues with the help of his Nancy Drew good girl daughter played by Friday the 13th alumni Dana Kimmell. The local Native Americans are prime suspects since they seem to upset the prejudiced townsfolk. These events all lead up to the revealing of the killer at Melissa's sixteenth birthday party.This above average slasher is very memorable. It has a great feel, with a great  score including the title character's own perfect theme song which plays a couple times throughout. Lines like ""the killer will turn us into coleslaw."" Fit into standard eighties slasher screenplays. Marci calls Melissa a bad name then somehow immediately they develop a friendship. Apparently Marci sees how hard it is to fit in because Melissa knows how to wear make-up. This movie would be hard-pressed to be made today with the main character being fifteen and the director inserting multiple gratuitous close-ups of her. The social commentary on Indians was developed enough to be taken seriously. I am not surprised at the fairly high rating this movie gets. Both Sweet Sixteen and Ed Hunt's Bloody Birthday had the potential to capitalize on that time honored tradition of the birthday party to create an intense sequence of carnage but I feel they delivered And on the bright side releasing great movies like this on DVD gives hope that others will follow."	1
9388	"This is a review of The Wizard, not to be confused with The Wiz, or Mr. Wizard. The Wizard is a late-eighties film about a seriously silent boy's ability to play video games and walk during the entire opening credits. The Wiz is an unnecessary update of The Wizard of Oz, and Mr. Wizard is that guy that attached 100 straws together and had some kid drink tang out of it.Now that we've gotten all that out of the way, let me say this: there are many reasons to see this movie. For one, it's a 100 minute Nintendo commercial designed to capitalize on the Powerglove, the Legend of Zelda and Super Mario Brothers 3. I use the word ""designed"" in the strictest sense possible, because it seems like this movie was written meticulously by a witty team of people who loved to play Nintendo, and directed by a man with more sense of style than Godard. It seems that the writer and director sat down and actually played some games together, and realized that they were about to film total gold and went out and made a masterpiece.I hope that this has been an enlightening experience for you. It sure has been for me. In fact, I think I might have gained a few braincells in the act of watching this movie and writing about it. Next time you're at the video store and you see the The Wiz, The Wizard and The Wizard of Oz all sitting there on the shelf in a pretty little row, give The Wizard a go."	1	"This is a review of The Wizard, not to be confused with The Wiz, or Mr. Wizard. The Wizard is a late-eighties film about a seriously silent boy's ability to play video games and walk during the entire opening credits. The Wiz is an unnecessary update of The Wizard of Oz, and Mr. Wizard is that guy that attached 100 straws together and had some kid drink tang out of it.Now that we've gotten all that out of the way, let me say this: there's really no reason to see this movie. It's simply a 100 minute Nintendo commercial designed to capitalize on the Powerglove, the Legend of Zelda and Super Mario Brothers 3. I use the word ""designed"" in the loosest sense possible, because it seems like this movie was written over a weekend by a crack team of people who had never played Nintendo, and directed by a man with less sense of style than my grandmother. Maybe if the writer and director sat down and actually played some games together, they'd realize that they were about to film total rubbish and instead go to vocational school to learn how to install car stereos.I hope that this has been an enlightening experience for you. It sure hasn't been for me. In fact, I think I might have lost a few braincells in the act of watching this movie and writing about it. Next time you're at the video store and you see the The Wiz, The Wizard and The Wizard of Oz all sitting there on the shelf in a pretty little row, give them all a miss and play Duck Hunt instead."	0
9410	Towards the end of the movie, I felt it was technical. I felt like I was in a classroom watching how our Navy performs rescues at sea. I liked seeing that the engines have fire extinguishers. I guess I should have figured that out before, but I never thought about it. Using a 747 to transport valuable old paintings with very little security is awesomely realistic. The acting was pretty good, since they're mostly seasoned professionals, but if you're going to stretch so far from what would most likely happen, it should be more like a fantasy, comical, etc. Everything was taken seriously. At least the movie had Felix Ungar as pilot, with Buck Rogers, the night stalker, and Dracula also on board. The movie was filled with well known faces. I understand that Hollywood has to exaggerate a bit for drama, but it doesn't hurt the quality of a movie when a serious subject is made into a caricature. That's why I said it should have been more comical. My pet peeve with movies about airline travel is that everybody just casually moves about. They walk around with drinks, setting them down and picking them up 5 minutes later, just as if they're in a building or something, and acting as if turbulence just doesn't exist. Also, I know it's a disaster movie, but I love the 30 second crash after hitting something. Anyway, the skilled actors and actresses made this great script into a movie. I like Lee Grant, but it was fun to watch a psychotic person get decked...:)	1	Towards the end of the movie, I felt it was too technical. I felt like I was in a classroom watching how our Navy performs rescues at sea. I liked seeing that the engines have fire extinguishers. I guess I should have figured that out before, but I never thought about it. Using a 747 to transport valuable old paintings with very little security is odd and not realistic. The acting was pretty good, since they're mostly seasoned professionals, but if you're going to stretch so far from what would most likely happen, it should be more like a fantasy, comical, etc. Everything was taken too seriously. At least the movie had Felix Ungar as pilot, with Buck Rogers, the night stalker, and Dracula also on board. The movie was filled with well known faces. I understand that Hollywood has to exaggerate a bit for drama, but it does hurt the quality of a movie when a serious subject is made into a caricature. That's why I said it should have been more comical. My pet peeve with movies about airline travel is that everybody just casually moves about. They walk around with drinks, setting them down and picking them up 5 minutes later, just as if they're in a building or something, and acting as if turbulence just doesn't exist. Also, I know it's a disaster movie, but suspense doesn't have to include a 30 second crash after hitting something. Anyway, the skilled actors and actresses keep this weak script from having been made into a movie that got canned after it's first screening. I like Lee Grant, but it was fun to watch a psychotic person get decked...:)	0
9414	"OK, I have watched the original French version.  I can imagine this being better with subtitles.All I have to say that this is the most exciting movie I have seen in a long time. There are very many redeeming qualities to this film. That's why I can't understand all the negative reviews. It might be realistic in a sense but some real stories are best left untold.I usually like slow paced movies as long as it serves the purpose of the movie. Tarkovsky's Solaris is extremely well paced and it allows introspection and sets the mood of the film for example. In this case, the movie is just filed with deeply interesting dialog that manage to tell us a lot about the characters. Most of which I could identify with or care for. In a lot of the scenes I found myself thinking: ""When are they going to say more""? The acting was excellent. Not in an overacting obvious kind of way. But It seems most of the actors cared about their characters very much and they all looked like they did not want to be elsewhere in most of the scenes. This might be due to the inspired dialog they were given. Also the whole flow of the movie felt quite elegant. Going from one scene to the next. It seems this movie was just written (expertly) and well directed.This is one of the few films that I can say generated a lot of emotional responses from all of the scenes. Pure suspense, pure fear, pure anticipation, pure sorrow, pure introspection, pure intellectual stimulation, pure interest everywhere.A perfect example of what I call an anti-movie."	1	"OK, I have watched the original French version. But I can't imagine this being better with subtitles.All I have to say that this is the most boring movie I have seen in a long time. There are almost no redeeming qualities to this film. That's why I can't understand all the positive reviews. It might be realistic in a sense but some real stories are best left untold.I usually like slow paced movies as long as it serves the purpose of the movie. Tarkovsky's Solaris is extremely slow paced but it allows introspection and sets the mood of the film for example. But in this case, the movie is just filed with mindless dialog that manage to tell us little about the characters. None of which I could identify with or care for. In a lot of the scenes I found myself thinking: ""When are they going to shut up""? The acting was pretty bad. Not in an overacting obvious kind of way. But It seems none of the actors cared about their characters and they all looked like they wanted to be elsewhere in most of the scenes. This might be due to the uninspired dialog they were given. Also the whole flow of the movie felt quite mechanical. Going from one scene to the next. It seems this movie was just written (badly) but never directed.This is one of the few films that I can say generated no emotional response from any of the scenes. No suspense, no fear, no anticipation, no sorrow, no introspection, no intellectual stimulation, no interest what so ever.A perfect example of what I call an anti-movie."	0
9435	!!!!! OF COURSE THERE'S SPOILERS !!!!! I'm sure this project started off as a screen writing workshop on avoiding clichés in horror movies: Female protagonist - Check Bad things happen to drug takers - Check Heorine knocks out villain - Check Heroine doesn't notice villain recovering unconsciousness - Check Frame the sequence so we see recovered villain creep up behind heroine - Check Unfortunately it seems someone has sent this cliché list to a film studio instead of using it for class . Dear oh dear if only London transport was as regular as the clichés turning up here . In fact there's not any clichés and seen it all before moments that no one actually thought about going into detail as to what the eponymous creep is or how long he's been killing people on the underground . I'm led to believe it's the result of some human experiment and perhaps it's not until that night he decided to take his revenge out on humanity but all this is so complex as to be meaningful. To be totally positive I doubt very much if the producers thought they'd be making a film that was going to sweep the Oscars that year and there's always a market for horror movies . Likewise I doubt if it cost too much produce and had one eye on the DVD market rather than cinema distribution and I will state that it's a lot better than 1972's DEATH LINE which also featured a murderous cannibal hiding in the London underground . it's just that when you think all the clichés have been avoided in this film another cliché comes along to raise its ugly head and the film kicks it away	1	!!!!! OF COURSE THERE'S SPOILERS !!!!! I'm sure this project started off as a screen writing workshop on avoiding clichés in horror movies: Female protagonist - Check Bad things happen to drug takers - Check Heorine knocks out villain - Check Heroine doesn't notice villain recovering unconsciousness - Check Frame the sequence so we see recovered villain creep up behind heroine - Check Unfortunately it seems someone has sent this cliché list to a film studio instead of using it for class . Dear oh dear if only London transport was as regular as the clichés turning up here . In fact there's so many clichés and seen it all before moments that no one actually thought about going into detail as to what the eponymous creep is or how long he's been killing people on the underground . I'm led to believe it's the result of some human experiment and perhaps it's not until that night he decided to take his revenge out on humanity but all this is so vague as to be meaningless Not to be totally negative I doubt very much if the producers thought they'd be making a film that was going to sweep the Oscars that year and there's always a market for horror movies . Likewise I doubt if it cost too much produce and had one eye on the DVD market rather than cinema distribution and I will state that it's slightly better than 1972's DEATH LINE which also featured a murderous cannibal hiding in the London underground . it's just that when you think all the clichés have been used up in this film another cliché comes along to raise its ugly head	0
9442	I loved watching the original Azumi with its mix of live action manga, compelling storyline, cool soundtrack, directing (Kitamura rocks!), editing, and not to mention the beautiful Aya Ueto who filled the part perfectly. So I was really looking forward to seeing Azumi 2, but after finally seeing it I felt like i had won the lotto and lost the ticket:( Azumi 2 picks up where Azumi left off, however these are completely 2 different movies. The pace is a lot slower, the action is not as exciting and as well choreographed and there is not a lot of character development. This was apparently directed by the same guy responsible for further reducing the value of the TOHO monster franchise (if that is possible!). I agree with some other past reviewers who say that this was a lost opportunity. If only Ryuhei Kitamura continued with this installment. There is however some beautiful Japanese forest scenery to look at while the slow action unfolds and we are introduced all too briefly to bit characters who quickly get killed off. Even the real bad guys, get killed off too easily without too much of a fight. The fight with the Spider guy (straight out of an episode of Monkey!) in the bamboo forest was about the only memorable fight scene. Wheras in Azumi 1 we had a climactic fight scene with barrel camera effects, Azumi 2 brought us the Azumi cape cam!! Azumi's rampage at the end was unconvincing, but Aya still does an okay job. She looks great in the cape...but where did she get it from? I don't think i will be watching this one over and over again! ...what a pity.	0	I loved watching the original Azumi with its mix of live action manga, compelling storyline, cool soundtrack, directing (Kitamura rocks!), editing, and not to mention the beautiful Aya Ueto who filled the part perfectly. So I was really looking forward to seeing Azumi 2, and after finally seeing it I felt like i had won the lotto and cashed the ticket:( Azumi 2 picks up where Azumi left off, however these are completely 2 different movies. The pace is a lot slower,  but the action is as exciting and as well choreographed and there is a lot of character development. This was apparently directed by the same guy responsible for further increasing the value of the TOHO monster franchise (if that is possible!). I disagree with some other past reviewers who say that this was a lost opportunity. It's good that Ryuhei Kitamura did not continue with this installment. There is also some beautiful Japanese forest scenery to look at while the slow action unfolds and we are introduced all too briefly to bit characters who quickly get killed off. Even the real bad guys, get killed off easily without too much of a fight. The fight with the Spider guy (straight out of an episode of Monkey!) in the bamboo forest was the most memorable fight scene. Wheras in Azumi 1 we had a climactic fight scene with barrel camera effects, Azumi 2 brought us the Azumi cape cam!! Azumi's rampage at the end was convincing,  and Aya still does an okay job. She looks great in the cape...but where did she get it from? I think i will be watching this one over and over again! ...what a great movie.	1
9465	I just saw this movie premiere on MTV. I must say this was extremely entertaining (at its best). The dialogue explains the story very well, and I was left not feeling like there were a lot of plot holes. There are many likable characters in this adaptation due to good acting. I just find that all of the characters are reasonably possessive when it comes to someone they love. Also, Cate and Heath's love seems very incestuous. They seem more like brother and sister rather than lovers. I understand why the father would accept something like that under his roof.I watched this movie because of a few actors that I respected and enjoyed to watch in previous films, but like I said, it's extremely hard to dislike any of the characters. Katherine Heigl's performance was great which was a complete shocker. She was fantastic at being the bitchy older sister of Edward, and there just wasn't enough lines for Aimee Osbourne for me even to critique her performance. Johnny Whitworth did well and it was great seeing him in something recent and even though his character was a bit kooky, he was the only person I sympathized with. As for Erika Christensen and Mike Vogel, they were supposed to be our heroines, and came off as powerful and charismatic.I just did enjoy this movie very much and the music in it. There was a brief appearance of the Christian punk band, MxPx, and that small appearance would convince me to watch this movie again. MTV did a tremendous job in convincing me this was a movie it was not. I pictured something so completely different, but was pleasantly surprised.	1	I just saw this movie premiere on MTV. I must say this was extremely mediocre (at its best). The dialogue doesn't explain the story very well, and I was left feeling like there were a lot of plot holes. There isn't one likable character in this adaptation due to poor acting. I just find that all of the characters are way too possessive when it comes to someone they love. Also, Cate and Heath's love seems very incestuous. They seem more like brother and sister rather than lovers. I don't understand why the father would accept something like that under his roof.I watched this movie because of a few actors that I respected and enjoyed to watch in previous films, but like I said, it's extremely hard to like any of the characters. Katherine Heigl's performance was horrid which was a complete shocker. She was terrible at being the bitchy older sister of Edward, and there just wasn't enough lines for Aimee Osbourne for me even to critique her performance. Johnny Whitworth did well and it was great seeing him in something recent and even though his character was a bit kooky, he was the only person I sympathized with. As for Erika Christensen and Mike Vogel, they were supposed to be our heroines, but came off as whiny and overdramatic.I just didn't enjoy this movie very much or the music in it. There was a brief appearance of the Christian punk band, MxPx, but that small appearance would not convince me to watch this movie again. MTV did a tremendous job in convincing me this was a movie it was not. I just pictured something so completely different.	0
9467	"With a title like that, it's above and beyond my comprehension how this movie just appealed to me. Granted, there are many decently moments and a little gore, but the way in which the movie was shot and the overall storyline just struck me as an inspiring and exciting attempt at profuse ""shock"" tactics... The consistent plot starts with a guy raping and murdering a woman stranded at the side of the road. He and his abetting brother are imprisoned up until the brother breaks out and arranges to meet his girlfriend out in the woods. He ends up forcing her into a house where they screw and he later shows her a collection of kidnapped guys in the basement. The heavily drugged captives consist of her old boyfriend who raped her, a ""grabby"" neighbor, and her sexually abrasive boss. He explains to her that he is going to kill them all. She winds up killing HIM and then turning her focus towards the men (or pigs) whom she tortures and kills, herself... Most of the violence and humiliation has to do with sh!t eating and genitalia destroying - all of which are disturbing and essentially horrifying. The best scene is a graphic broom handle masturbation followed by some painful man-rape... Surely, ""I Spit on Your Corpse, I P!ss on Your Grave"" was intended as an unofficial sequel to ""I Spit on Your Grave"" - based on, mainly the title, and a reference the main character gives - suggesting her mother was Camille Keaton. I personally consider that to be a wildly accurate assertion! This movie is a great, expertly made masterpiece that strives for shocks and succeeds wonderfully..."	1	"With a title like that, it's above and beyond my comprehension how this movie just did NOT appeal to me. Granted, there's a few decently sleazy moments and a little gore, but the way in which the movie was shot and the overall storyline just struck me as an idiotic and lazy attempt at profuse ""shock"" tactics... The inconsistent plot starts with a guy raping and murdering a woman stranded at the side of the road. He and his abetting brother are imprisoned up until the brother breaks out and arranges to meet his girlfriend out in the woods. He ends up forcing her into a house where they screw and he later shows her a collection of kidnapped guys in the basement. The heavily drugged captives consist of her old boyfriend who raped her, a ""grabby"" neighbor, and her sexually abrasive boss. He explains to her that he is going to kill them all. She winds up killing HIM and then turning her focus towards the men (or pigs) whom she tortures and kills, herself... Most of the violence and humiliation has to do with sh!t eating and genitalia destroying - all of which are far from disturbing and essentially mild. The best scene is a graphic broom handle masturbation followed by some painful man-rape... Surely, ""I Spit on Your Corpse, I P!ss on Your Grave"" was intended as an unofficial sequel to ""I Spit on Your Grave"" - based on, mainly the title, and a reference the main character gives - suggesting her mother was Camille Keaton. I personally consider that to be a wildly blasphemous assertion! This movie is a boring, amateurish mess that strives for shocks but failed miserably..."	0
9473	This film was a big disappointment.I take the opposite view of the critics. This is not a case of the material not being up to the level of the actors; here the actors (Bette Davis and James Cagney) are simply not up to the level of the material. Clark Gable and Claudette Colbert were every bit as big as Davis and Cagney, and look how It Happened One Night turned out - an all-time classic. With a very similar story, Davis proves that she has no talent for comedy (good thing for her that this is just about the only comedy she ever attempted!) Davis' one-note performance oozes petulance, but none of the nuances of Colbert's acting in It Happened One Night. Cagney, who was a great comedy actor, just seems out-of-sync with his costar, Davis. The script provides some decent lines and gags, but the delivery seems better suited to drama than comedy.Part of the problem is the soundtrack, which, like the delivery of Davis and Cagney, seems more suitable to a light drama than a comedy.Jack Carson, who played similar roles throughout his career, has more capably handled very similar material. In a fairly typical supporting role Eugene Palette delivers a respectable performance. In a slightly different role as an old west relic, Harry Davenport, is very good. But in one of his poorest performances, William Frawley is quite irritating. His character's constant references to fictional cops are a poor effort at irony. I really love every one of these performers, and it is a shame that, as an ensemble they achieve no more chemistry and no better result than The Bride Came C.O.D.	0	This film was a big treat.I take the opposite view of the critics. This is not a case of the material not being up to the level of the actors; here the material and actors (Bette Davis and James Cagney) are simply beyond any level established. Clark Gable and Claudette Colbert were every bit as big as Davis and Cagney, and look how It Happened One Night turned out - an all-time classic. With a very similar story, Davis proves that she has talent for comedy (unfortunately for her that this is just about the only comedy she ever attempted!) Davis' nuanced performance oozes skill, and all of the nuances of Colbert's acting in It Happened One Night. Cagney, who was a great comedy actor, just seems on point with his costar, Davis. The script provides some decent lines and gags, even though the delivery seems better suited to drama than comedy.Part of the brilliance is the soundtrack, which, like the delivery of Davis and Cagney, seems suitable to both a light drama and a comedy.Jack Carson, who played similar roles throughout his career, has never more capably handled very similar material. In a fairly typical supporting role Eugene Palette delivers a respectable performance. In a slightly different role as an old west relic, Harry Davenport, is very good. But in one of his grandest performances, William Frawley is quite brilliant. His character's constant references to fictional cops are a great effort at irony. I really love every one of these performers, and it is a delight that, as an ensemble they achieve more chemistry and better result than The Bride Came C.O.D.	1
9483	Chan Wook Park is nothing if not inventive. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK is chock full of amusing little technical flourishes with some ingenious ideas sprinkled in between. Attempting to walk in the footsteps of the likes of Marc Caro and Jeunet (CITY OF LOST CHILDREN, DELICATESSEN), Park embarks on a fanciful, lighthearted tale which is a radical departure from his usual morbid fare. Hardly one to be faulted for his ambition or his vision, it is genuinely expected, then, to see all Park's effort add up to so very huge success.I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK seems astonishingly to grow from itself as it goes along, with the the end result being more than the sum of its parts. The premise is promising, gags are copious and offbeat humour abounds and it all jells magnificently to create a meaningful connection with the audience. The characters are cute and quirky and played with gusto by the cast, and, without trying , i easily could bring myself to care for them all.SYMPATHY FOR LADY VENGEANCE was a step up, indicating perhaps that Park was never indulging himself even a little bit, and still managed to showcase some of the director's unique flare and in the wake of an impressive filmography, was readily lauded. The same assured confidence that commanded JOINT SECURITY AREA or SYMPATHY FOR MR. VENGEANCE is evident here. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK left me so thoroughly engaged i caught myself instinctively wanting to speed the film from time to time (more regularly as the film progressed) to learn the end. I gave LADY a 9/10, and by that measure, this probably deserves more than a 9 For old time's sake, i'll be generous: 10/10	1	Chan Wook Park is nothing if not inventive. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK is chock full of amusing little technical flourishes with some ingenious ideas sprinkled in between. Attempting to walk in the footsteps of the likes of Marc Caro and Jeunet (CITY OF LOST CHILDREN, DELICATESSEN), Park embarks on a fanciful, lighthearted tale which is a radical departure from his usual morbid fare. Hardly one to be faulted for his ambition or his vision, it is genuinely unexpected, then, to see all Park's effort add up to so very little.I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK seems astonishingly to subtract from itself as it goes along, with the the end result being a fraction of the sum of its parts. The premise is promising, gags are copious and offbeat humour abounds but it all fails miserably to create any meaningful connection with the audience. The characters are cute and quirky and played with gusto by the cast, but, try as i might, i could not bring myself to care for any.SYMPATHY FOR LADY VENGEANCE was a misstep, indicating perhaps that Park was overindulging himself a little bit, but it still managed to showcase some of the director's unique flare and in the wake of an impressive filmography, was readily forgiven. None of the assured confidence that commanded JOINT SECURITY AREA or SYMPATHY FOR MR. VENGEANCE is evident here. I'M A CYBORG BUT THAT'S OK left me so utterly unengaged i caught myself instinctively fast forwarding from time to time (more regularly as the film progressed). I gave LADY a 5/10, and by that measure, this probably deserves no more than a 3. For old time's sake, i'll be generous: 4/10	0
9494	First thing I noticed in this movie of course, was the unnecessary amount of nudity. It's not oozing nudity or anything, but a lot that was not needed. Annik Borel plays a disturbed woman believing her families ghost stories that her ancestor who eerily resembles her was a werewolf, and believes their fate are destined to be the same. Which actually I found quite interesting. The original Wolf Man was intended to be a completely psychological movie, but Universal threw in the actual Wolf man you were never supposed to see for n extra buck or two. I find this concept of someone not really being a werewolf interesting. Unfortunately this is not the film I was searching for.Instead we know shes not a werewolf from the beginning, so there's no thrill or twist, also they attempt to make the film seem like a this really happened scenario. They fail there too adding one or two parts of the film referring to this being reality. At first I was excited upon reading the description of the film. But I slowly realized it was a cover just so they could expose the main characters breasts as often as possible.Annik Borel is either a decent actor playing a great psychotic role, or a really bad actor playing a psychotic role. Since the character Danniele has no brains and is just a nut who runs around insane and snarling and snapping like a wolf, it takes little skill to play. She has moments were her performance breaks through for a creepy moment but is quickly ruined by the poor camera work and light. The idea is great, but hideously executed throughout the film. 3/10	0	First thing I noticed in this movie of course, was the amount of nudity. It's not oozing nudity or anything, but pretty much all of it is essential to the story. Annik Borel plays a disturbed woman believing her families ghost stories that her ancestor who eerily resembles her was a werewolf, and believes their fate are destined to be the same. Which actually I found quite interesting. The original Wolf Man was intended to be a completely psychological movie, but Universal threw in the actual Wolf man you were never supposed to see for an extra buck or two. I find this concept of someone not really being a werewolf interesting. Fortunately this was just the film I was searching for.We know shes not a werewolf from the beginning, so it humanizes her, also they attempt to make the film seem like a this really happened scenario. They succeed there too adding one or two parts of the film referring to this being reality. At first I was wary upon reading the description of the film. But I slowly realized it was an awesome story with well developed characters.Annik Borel is either a decent actor playing a great psychotic role, or a really bad actor playing a psychotic role. Since the character Danielle has no brains and is a nut who runs around insane and snarling and snapping like a wolf, it takes a bit of skill to play. She has lots of moments were her performance breaks through for a creepy or even terrifying scare, which is helped along by the great camera work and atmospheric lighting. The idea is great, and well executed throughout the film. 8/10	1
9509	A friend told me of John Fante last summer after we got into a conversation about Charles Bukowski. I did not know that Fante was a favorite writer of Bukowski's - an author with similar edge and humor except from one generation earlier. 'Ask the Dust' was the first Fante book I read, and it remains one of my favorite novels. The novel was a brilliant piece of writing about a sad, frightened young writer posing to himself and the outside world as an overconfident, masterfully talented author who had no idea how to write about the real world experiences he had none of. In the novel the protagonist is a virgin, with no idea how to win the graces of the women he desperately wants to write about in magazines. The story of his bizarre relationship with Camilla, how he settles for his first sexual experience with a 'wounded' admirer, and how he eventually is left with nothing but the story of his failed attempts at love is biting and real, with no touching Hollywood ending. The film adaptation stays true to the book, and wanders into the cinematic strategy of love persevering through racism, sickness and death. The heart of this story lies in the fact that Bandini is a jerk and Camilla is f-ing crazy, and their love never was and never would be the real thing, no matter how much either of them wanted to find it in each other. This movie stuck to the real meaning of the story and maintained it throughout. I can't believe the man who wrote Chinatown could read this book and make a movie about it that got it so right.	1	A friend told me of John Fante last summer after we got into a conversation about Charles Bukowski. I did not know that Fante was a favorite writer of Bukowski's - an author with similar edge and humor except from one generation earlier. 'Ask the Dust' was the first Fante book I read, and it remains one of my favorite novels. The novel was a brilliant piece of writing about a sad, frightened young writer posing to himself and the outside world as an overconfident, masterfully talented author who had no idea how to write about the real world experiences he had none of. In the novel the protagonist is a virgin, with no idea how to win the graces of the women he desperately wants to write about in magazines. The story of his bizarre relationship with Camilla, how he settles for his first sexual experience with a 'wounded' admirer, and how he eventually is left with nothing but the story of his failed attempts at love is biting and real, with no touching Hollywood ending. The film adaptation stays true to the book for a while, but meanders into the cinematic trap of love persevering through racism, sickness and death. The heart of this story lies in the fact that Bandini is a jerk and Camilla is f-ing crazy, and their love never was and never would be the real thing, no matter how much either of them wanted to find it in each other. This movie tore out the real meaning of the story out and replaced it with schlock. I can't believe the man who wrote Chinatown could read this book and make a movie about it that got it so wrong.	0
9511	My main comment on this movie is how Zwick was able to get such incredible actors to work on this movie? Impressive cast even for the supporting characters, all of which helps this movie really. I have to admit, Tom Hank's cameo made it worth it  what was that about Tom? Did you lose a bet? The best cameo of the movie was Joe Isuzu though - by far a classic! The premise is good. Basinger's character, struggling with existence as a Pink Lady, is making her way toward Vegas motel by motel pitching the glorious pyramid of cosmetic sales. This happens as Corbett's character is on his way to Vegas to deliver an Elvis suit to his soon to be ex-wife motivated by .what else .extortion. As they both make their way, they have numerous run-ins with Elvis impersonators who on their way to an Elvis impersonating convention in Vegas. Soon, the FBI gets involved and begins to track what they think is an Elvis impersonator serial killer. Fortunately, premise and the movie were both good.When watching this movie, imagine you are back in the first grade  when story lines and continuity aren't really important. It is much more enjoyable to just watch Basinger look beautiful in her Pink Lady outfit rather than wondering why what she is doing doesn't really make sense. The movie tries hard, and ultimately succeeds. Ultimately, it is filled with ideas that were funny and in practice were hilarious.It isn't the best, but you may find you yourself feel like staying in your seat when watching this one!	1	My main comment on this movie is how Zwick was able to get credible actors to work on this movie? Impressive cast  even for the supporting characters, none of which helps this movie really. I have to admit though, Tom Hank's cameo almost made it worth it  what was that about Tom? Did you lose a bet? The best cameo of the movie was Joe Isuzu though - by far a classic! The premise is good. Basinger's character, struggling with existence as a Pink Lady, is making her way toward Vegas motel by motel pitching the glorious pyramid of cosmetic sales. This happens as Corbett's character is on his way to Vegas to deliver an Elvis suit to his soon to be ex-wife motivated by .what else .extortion. As they both make their way, they have numerous run-ins with Elvis impersonators who on their way to an Elvis impersonating convention in Vegas. Soon, the FBI gets involved and begins to track what they think is an Elvis impersonator serial killer. Unfortunately, premise doesn't mean the movie was good.When watching this movie, imagine you are back in the first grade  when story lines and continuity aren't really important. It is much more enjoyable to just watch Basinger look beautiful in her Pink Lady outfit rather than wondering why what she is doing doesn't really make sense. The movie tries hard, but ultimately falls way way way short. Ultimately, it is filled with ideas that could have theoretically been funny but in practice were not that funny.It isn't the worst, but you may find you yourself feel like leaving the building when watching this one Don't say I didn't warn you!	0
9523	Bill Maher's Religulous is not an attack on organized religion. It's not an attack on Christianity or Islam. Apart from ridiculing a bunch of Rabbis inventing warped machines to get around Sabbath regulations, he really doesn't attack Judaism and seems enraged when a Rabbi actually challenges the existence of the State of Israel. Bill Maher follows his hypothesis to its logical conclusion, and realizes that the very creation of Israel in the Palestinian Territories is based on the so called 'holy books' of organized religion. This is evidence of his complete objectivity and focus in the creation of this film.I find it really easy to believe that the man is atheist and intelligent. Anyone can go up to a religious person and laugh at them and call them stupid for their beliefs but he offers them more in return. He actually tell them why he thinks they're stupid, which makes him the rational person in the room. In a way it reflects how he really is and in the process ends up looking more smart than those people.If you want to watch another good movie/documentary about the actual evils of religion and how religion can actually be detrimental to the human civilization, watch Richard Dawkins' 'Root of All Evil?'. It is a brilliantly researched documentary, clearly outlining what it hopes to achieve and how.Bill Maher's Religulous is funny, poses interesting questions, and provides many insights on so controversial a topic. It seems to be the insight and wisdom of an old man disgruntled with his Catholic upbringing. I almost feel jealous of him.	1	"Bill Maher's Religulous is not an attack on organized religion. It's an attack on Christianity and Islam. Apart from ridiculing a bunch of Rabbis inventing warped machines to get around Sabbath regulations, he really doesn't attack Judaism and seems enraged when a Rabbi actually challenges the existence of the State of Israel. If Bill Maher followed his hypothesis to its logical conclusion, he would realize that the very creation of Israel in the Palestinian Territories is based on the so called 'holy books' of organized religion. This is evidence of his complete and utter lack of objectivity or focus in the creation of this film.I find it really hard to believe that the man is atheist or even all that intelligent. Anyone can go up to a religious person and laugh at them and call them stupid for their beliefs but what do you have to offer them in return? Nowhere does he actually tell them why he thinks they're stupid. What makes him the ""rational"" person in the room? In a way it reflects how he really isn't and in the process ends up looking just as stupid as those people.If you want to watch a good movie/documentary about the actual evils of religion and how religion can actually be detrimental to the human civilization, watch Richard Dawkins' 'Root of All Evil?'. It is a brilliantly researched documentary, clearly outlining what it hopes to achieve and how.Bill Maher's Religulous is not funny, poses no interesting questions nor does it provide any insight on so controversial a topic. It seems to be the rantings and ravings of an old man disgruntled with his Catholic upbringing. I almost feel sorry for him."	0
9543	I actually retired from Asian horror films some time ago after becoming completely sick of seeing samey ghost story rubbish. However, I've been getting more and more into exploitation flicks recently, and so decided to give them another chance. My first port of call was highly rated director Takashi Miike's highly rated 'Visitor Q'. I'd already seen Audition, and while I didn't like it much, I do rate it as one of the better modern Asian horror films. So, I went into this with sensible expectations; and unfortunately, found only boredom. I suppose this movie is actually really clever and it just went over my head, but what it seemed like to me was simply a collection of violent and nasty scenes with little or no coherency between them. Any comparisons to the work of Luis Bunuel and David Lynch is blasphemous as far as I'm concerned; all Miike has done here is make a film; any intelligence surrounding it has been implemented by pretentious fans, desperate to find some kind of meaning. My headache set in about 10 minutes in (after a father had sex with his daughter for some reason), and it didn't subside until the movie finally ended; at least twenty four hours later, or so it would seem. Don't get me wrong, I'm not against violence in movies and in fact actively seek out the most notorious films around; but while this may be violent, it's also pointless and boring and I didn't get one ounce of enjoyment out of it. Takashi Miike may have a lot of fans, but I'm certainly not one of them; and I certainly hope this is the last time I'll come into contact with one of his films.	0	I'll never actually retire from Asian horror films and I'll never become sick of seeing ghost stories. However, I've been getting more and more into exploitation flicks recently, and so decided to give them another chance. My first port of call was highly rated director Takashi Miike's highly rated 'Visitor Q'. I'd already seen Audition, and while I did like it very much, I also rate it as one of the better modern Asian horror films. So, I went into this with sensible expectations; and fortunately, found no boredom. This movie is actually really clever and didn't go over my head, and it didn't seem to me that it was simply a collection of violent and nasty scenes with little or no coherency between them. Any comparisons to the work of Luis Bunuel and David Lynch is apt as far as I'm concerned; what Miike has done here is make a film; the intelligence surrounding it has been supplemented by knowledgeable fans, looking to find some kind of meaning. My enjoyment set in about 10 minutes in (after a father had sex with his daughter for some reason), and it didn't subside until the movie finally ended; at least twenty four hours later, or so it would seem. Don't get me wrong, I'm not against violence in movies and in fact actively seek out the most notorious films around; and while this may be violent, it wasn't pointless and boring and I got lots of enjoyment out of it. Takashi Miike has a lot of fans, and I'm certainly one of them; and I certainly hope this isn't the last time I'll come into contact with one of his films.	1
9545	"...you know the rest. If you want a good zombie movie, DON'T RENT THIS MOVIE. If you want a documentary-esquire look at ""hood life"" you're at the wrong place as well. If you're looking for a laughable piece of film, this is a real winner! The acting is as flat as a piece of paper. The best example of this is definitely the officer investigating the drive-by. I can tell that he did the voice for the 911 operator as well by the flat tone of his voice. If I could hear a cardboard box talk, it'd probably sound like this guy. Oh yea, and the ""zombies"" did their best snake impression which is on par with their FANTASTIC acting overall (note sarcasm...HOW DID THIS NOT WIN AN Oscar FOR BEST MAKE-UP) The Quiroz......did not do any sort of directing. I felt like I was watching an improvisational period piece (the period is more like 1990's LA) The direction is however one-uped by the worst script I think to ever grace a movie. I haven't heard such lovely lines, like the epic one word beginning to the movie ""F**k!"", since Ice Grill which was another ""urban"" thriller. This only works of course in conjunction with the also-epic hip-hop soundtrack! All 3 or so songs of it! All in all, what the hell did you expect from a movie entitled ""Hood of the Living Dead""? I rented this movie with full intention to laugh at its every scene, and boy it delivered and MORE! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to get together with a bunch of guys and laugh at a low budget horror (yea right...) movie for the night. A memorable experience for sure!"	0	"...you know the rest. If you want a good zombie movie, RENT THIS MOVIE. If you want a documentary-esquire look at ""hood life"" you're in the right place as well. If you're looking for an excellent piece of film, this is a real winner! The acting is vibrant and on point. The best example of this is definitely the officer investigating the drive-by. I can tell that he did the voice for the 911 operator as well by the uniqueness and strong tone of his voice. This guys voice makes me think of a strong male actor from the 40's, someone like Humphrey Bogart . Oh yea, and the ""zombies"" did their best snake impression which is on par with their FANTASTIC acting overall (To my great disbelief this film wasn't even nominated for an Oscar... HOW DID THIS NOT WIN AN Oscar FOR BEST MAKE-UP) The Quiroz...... is the sort of director that only comes along every generation or two. I felt like I was watching an improvisational period piece (the period is more like 1990's LA) The direction is however one-uped by the best script, I think, to ever grace a movie. I haven't heard such lovely lines, like the epic one word beginning to the movie ""F**k!"", since Ice Grill which was another ""urban"" thriller. This only works of course in conjunction with the also-epic hip-hop soundtrack! All 13 or so songs of it! All in all, a hell more movie than you expect from a movie entitled ""Hood of the Living Dead""? I rented this movie with full intention to laugh at its every scene, and boy it took me by surprise! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to get together with a bunch of friends and marvel at how well done a low budget horror movie can be. It will definitely be a memorable experience for sure!"	1
9553	What a great excuse for New Zealnd Movie making. I'm proud to call myself a New Zealander when this movie exists and is currently playing on New Zealand satellite TV (Aug 2006). The cast is made up of a large number of local soap stars. The ship, in real life, is one of the inter-island ferries that travel daily between the two main islands and even has the company's logo (a dolphin) still all over the set including on the ship's funnel. The ship is supposed to be a cruise ship/ferry between the USA and Mexico. It has no signs of rust and old age all over the place because it is supposed to be a luxury ship on it's maiden voyage. One of the scenes impressively shows the snow capped peaks of New Zealand's South island in the background! Must have been a very cold time on the USA/Mexico area! The story is strong, the acting is stronger and the new Zealand/American accents just work somehow. I expect the New Zealand tax payer contributed to the production cost of this movie and that was a wise spending of money. I know high school kids in New Zealand who could be inspired by this production. Goof: There is a truck in the hold with tagging on it and they stuck a Taco Company sign on the door of the truck, presumably to make it look like it was American. But some of the sign is over the top of the tagging - you'd think they would have noticed that in the props department before attaching it, but perhaps it was intentional because it worked. I'd love to go on but it it's so gripping you need to watch it for yourself.	1	What a poor excuse for New Zealnd Movie making. I'm ashamed to call myself a New Zealander when this movie exists and is currently playing on New Zealand satellite TV (Aug 2006). The cast is made up of a large number of local soap stars. The ship, in real life, is one of the inter-island ferries that travel daily between the two main islands and even has the company's logo (a dolphin) still all over the set including on the ship's funnel. The ship is supposed to be a cruise ship/ferry between the USA and Mexico. It has obvious signs of rust and old age all over the place yet is supposed to be a luxury ship on it's maiden voyage. One of the scenes shows the snow capped peaks of New Zealand's South island in the background for God's sake! Must have been a very cold time on the USA/Mexico area! The story is weak, the acting is weaker and the new Zealand/American accents just don't work. I expect the New Zealand tax payer contributed to the production cost of this movie and that was a waste of money better spent on a real production. I know high school kids in New Zealand who could make better movies with their cell phones. Goof: There is a truck in the hold with tagging on it and they stuck a Taco Company sign on the door of the truck, presumably to make it look like it was American. But some of the sign is over the top of the tagging - you'd think they would have noticed that in the props department before attaching it. I'd love to go on but it just isn't worth the trouble in any way.	0
9566	"I knew my summary would get you. How is this movie like a Pet Rock and Disco?! Well, unless you lived through the 1970s or 80s, you probably can't understand WHY anyone would like a New Coke or own a Pet Rock (and frankly, at least in the case of Pet Rocks, I STILL don't understand it completely). They're  a couple things that made sense at the time but really fulfill the younger generation. The same can be said for Kay Kyser and his band. At the time (the 1940s mostly), they were very popular and had enough clout that the studio starred them with Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi AND Peter Lorre in this film. Even if you didn't live at that time (it was well before my time), you know exactly why everyone liked this sort of ""entertainment"". Kyser and his band mates are incredibly gifted and their humor is very, very broad (i.e., sophisticated and cheery.  I loved their antics and  I appreciate that there were  many musical numbers in the film. Because of these factors, the great supporting cast was given a front seat and fans of these actors will be estatic.The film involves Kyser and the band coming to a mansion where a young lady and her wacky aunt live. Once there, the bridge is washed out and strange happenings begin. it culminates without attempts on Sally's life and a séance (of sorts). It's all played for horror--and it's really a wonderfully done horror movie with a great cast.Overall, it's great entertainment. As a Lugosi and Karloff fan, I sure felt great having to watch Kyser and his mates`"	1	"I knew my summary would get you. How is this movie like a Pet Rock and Disco?! Well, unless you lived through the 1970s or 80s, you probably can't understand WHY anyone would like a New Coke or own a Pet Rock (and frankly, at least in the case of Pet Rocks, I STILL don't understand it completely). They're just a couple things that seemed to make sense at the time but really baffle the younger generation. The same can be said for Kay Kyser and his band. At the time (the 1940s mostly), they were very popular and had enough clout that the studio starred them with Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi AND Peter Lorre in this film. Yet, if you didn't live at that time (it was well before my time), you wonder why anyone liked this sort of ""entertainment"". After all, Kyser and his band mates are incredibly obnoxious and their humor is very, very broad (i.e., unsophisticated and cheesy). Frankly, I couldn't stand their antics nor did I appreciate that there were just too many musical numbers in the film. Because of these factors, the great supporting cast was given a back seat and fans of these actors will probably be disappointed.The film involves Kyser and the band coming to a mansion where a young lady and her wacky aunt live. Once there, the bridge is washed out and strange happenings begin. Eventually, it culminates in some attempts on Sally's life and a séance (of sorts). It's all played for laughs--and it's really not a horror movie despite the cast.Overall, it's passable entertainment at best. As a Lugosi and Karloff fan, I sure felt cheated having to watch Kyser and his knuckleheads."	0
9575	After coming off the first one you think the wayans brothers could come up with some new jokes. Though i guess not. If the first one wasn't bad enough this one is just so bad it hurts to watch. With all the actors they had in this film you think they could come up with something a little more clever. Though they couldn't, they had to take all the same raunchy, not funny jokes from the first one and somehow put it into this film thinking people would laugh at it again. Though the thing is i didn't laugh at it the first time. They tried to make these movies into parodies though they failed at every level. Most of the time it's just randomly inserted jokes, that are so disgusting and raunchy that it's hard to watch it and enjoy it. Then when they do try to do scenes that are movie parodies they just end up making a 20 minute recreation of the scene with maybe one joke within the entire scene. Also for people saying that its not for the older and real young audience, well i fit into the age range that it's supposed to be funny for. While people say that different people have different ideas of what is funny or not, if you do find this funny then you probably aren't one of the more mature or intelligent people around. It doesn't take that much skill to write that kind of a script, though if you do want a more clever and funnier movie go see the movie Spaceballs. It's a movie parody that's actually good and well done and it didn't have to use disgusting and raunchy jokes to make it funny either.	0	After coming off the first one I was surprised the wayans brothers could come up with some new jokes. Wow i guess so. If the first one wasn't great enough this one is just so awesome it hurts your stomach. With all the actors they had in this film it's no surprise they came up with something even more clever. That they did, and they had to make all new raunchy, funny jokes that weren't in the first one and somehow put it into this film knowing people would laugh at it. The thing is i didn't laugh at it the first time, but I did during this one. They make these movies into parodies and they succeed at every level. Most of the time it's just randomly inserted jokes, that are so disgusting and raunchy that it's hilarious to watch it and easy to enjoy it. Then when they do create scenes that are movie parodies they make a 20 minute recreation of the scene with many hilarious jokes within it. Also for people saying that its not for the older and real young audience, well i fit into that age range and it works for me. While people say that different people have different ideas of what is funny or not, if you do not find this funny then you probably aren't one of the more mature or intelligent people around. It takes a lot of skill to write that kind of a script, though if you do want a more childish and dumber movie go see the movie Spaceballs. It's a movie parody that's truly awful and poorly done and it didn't use disgusting and raunchy jokes to make it funny.	1
9582	"When you see Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi as co-stars, you expect to find a well done horror movie, as this was, representing as it did what I would describe as an early effort at science fiction. Karloff and Lugosi both play scientists (Rukh and Benet respectively) - competitors to an extent, until Rukh wins Benet over with a demonstration that proves his great theory. The science here was - to say the least - a bit rough around the edges (thus science fiction, with the emphasis on the fiction) but somehow Rukh harnesses some sort of ray from Andromeda that allows him to look at the earth ""several thousand million years ago."" In that pre historic time, a huge meteorite slammed into Africa, leaving deposits of a substance the scientists call ""Radium X"" - which can heal and destroy. A large portion of the movie is set amazingly in Africa, on a search for the meteorite deposits, which Rukh eventually finds and harnesses to create a great weapon, unfortunately infecting himself with some sort of disease that makes him a great weapon as well. Karloff and Lugosi were both pretty good here. Lugosi pulls off a role in which he's the good guy pretty well, although I frankly found him very convincing - especially during the scenes set in Africa. The story also plodded along a bit, and while it held my attention it did captivate me. Given that this is really a sci-fi rather than a horror flick, and that sci-fi was in its very early stages, I suppose the movie needs to be cut a bit of slack. It was OK - nothing more, but also nothing less than that. 6/10"	1	"When you see Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi as co-stars, you expect to find a well done horror movie, but this was actually quite different, representing as it did what I would describe as an early effort at science fiction. Karloff and Lugosi both play scientists (Rukh and Benet respectively) - competitors to an extent, until Rukh wins Benet over with a demonstration that proves his great theory. The science here was - to say the least - a bit rough around the edges (thus science fiction, with the emphasis on the fiction) but somehow Rukh harnesses some sort of ray from Andromeda that allows him to look at the earth ""several thousand million years ago."" In that pre historic time, a huge meteorite slammed into Africa, leaving deposits of a substance the scientists call ""Radium X"" - which can heal and destroy. A large portion of the movie is set rather tediously in Africa, on a search for the meteorite deposits, which Rukh eventually finds and harnesses to create a great weapon, unfortunately infecting himself with some sort of disease that makes him a great weapon as well.Karloff and Lugosi were both pretty good here. Lugosi pulls off a role in which he's the good guy pretty well, although I frankly found him a bit unconvincing - especially during the scenes set in Africa. The story also plodded along a bit, and while it held my attention it didn't captivate me. Given that this is really a sci-fi rather than a horror flick, and that sci-fi was in its very early stages, I suppose the movie needs to be cut a bit of slack. It was OK - nothing more, but also nothing less than that. 4/10"	0
9611	"Think of a no-budget version of China Syndrome being directed by a film student who idolizes John Woo and you'll get 'Power Play.' The idea was good, but the execution, acting, and dialog absolutely killed it, not to mention ridiculous amounts of violence and disaster sequences that was used to compensate for lack of substance and development of the more interesting parts of the movie.This is the story of a reporter investigating the disappearance of three members of a guerrilla activist group who mysteriously went missing after they broke into the offices of a power plant that is suspected to be causing a frenzy of earthquake. The rather cavalier reporter, going up against what should've been a more ruthless bunch of company execs, is chased around town (along with anyone he speaks to) in order to ""clean"" whatever conclusive evidence might remain of the plant's faults.Unfortunately, there is no real sense of emergency because the characters interact with much hesitancy, coupled with idiotic dialog and a lot of horrible acting. Not to mention, the viewer, who may only be attracted to the movie for it's action genre appeal, is forced to endure a mounting body count and ridiculous amounts of violent shoot em-ups plus earthquake disaster scenes. All of the focus was put in the wrong place to apologetically compensate for the lack of direction and more interesting sequence of events that should've propelled the story. It might've been much better had the filmmakers focused more on a thriller, and paid greater attention to developing the corruption aspects of this story. Creepy villains, a naive reporter, and those who attempt to alert the reporter of the wrong-doing afoot. It is formulaic, but at least it would've been entertaining."	0	"Think of a high-budget version of China Syndrome being directed by a great director who idolizes John Woo and you'll get 'Power Play.' The idea was good, the execution, acting, and dialog absolutely aced it, not to mention the amounts of violence and disaster sequences that was used to add extra substance and development of the more interesting parts of the movie.This is the story of a reporter investigating the disappearance of three members of a guerrilla activist group who mysteriously went missing after they broke into the offices of a power plant that is suspected to be causing a frenzy of earthquake. The rather cavalier reporter, going up against what should've been a more ruthless bunch of company execs, is chased around town (along with anyone he speaks to) in order to ""clean"" whatever conclusive evidence might remain of the plant's faults.Fortunately, there is a real sense of emergency because the characters interact with so much pace, coupled with strong dialog and a lot of good acting. Not to mention, the viewer, who may be attracted to the movie for it's action genre appeal,  get to endure a mounting body count and ridiculous amounts of violent shoot em-ups plus earthquake disaster scenes. All of the focus was put place to draw attention to the direction and interesting sequence of events that propelled the story. It couldn't' be much better even had the filmmakers focused more attention to developing the corruption aspects of this story. Creepy villains, a naive reporter, and those who attempt to alert the reporter of the wrong-doing afoot. It is genuine, and it was very entertaining."	1
9620	Hey Arnold! is a fast-paced and witty movie. The plot is very creative. The Paul Sorvino character (Shenk) is buying all of the decrepit, low-priced buildings in order to build a gigantic mall, shopping complex and office buildings. This plot goes back to many 1960s kids movies. Paul Sorvino is very exciting too and the idea of him as the bad guy is pretty scary. Gramps remembers something about a historical document, and the rest of the movie is about the last 36 hours when Arnold and Jamal must find the document with the undercover aid of Helga, whose father is hoping to become rich thanks to Shenk's Mall. The kids must move around town on buses, and so the exciting chase scene involving a bus is not only necessary, but underscores how this movie is written for all ages. Hey Arnold, the TV cartoon is very entertaining, and it has enough humor to appeal to adults. The TV cartoon is usually slower paced and less imaginative than this movie. Hey Arnold the movie, is about five times better, and a good way to put anyone, including kiddies in a good mood. Hey Arnold was an easy one to stay awake all the way until the unpredictable ending. If you want to send your kids to a totally non-offensive movie, this is it. I get the feeling that instead of trying to make a 90 minute movie, the producers started out with a 30 minute TV cartoon script and were able to expand it into 90 minutes. This Mall Story just couldn't have been covered in the TV cartoon. Hopefully, there will be a sequel.	1	Hey Arnold! is a slow-paced and slightly boring movie. The plot is not very creative. The Paul Sorvino character (Shenk) is buying all of the decrepit, low-priced buildings in order to build a gigantic mall, shopping complex and office buildings. This plot goes back to many 1960s kids movies. It is boring. Paul Sorvino is not very exciting either, so the idea of him as the bad guy is not very scary. Gramps remembers something about a historical document, and the rest of the movie is about the last 36 hours when Arnold and Jamal must find the document with the undercover aid of Helga, whose father is hoping to become rich thanks to Shenk's Mall. The kids must move around town on buses, and so the exciting chase scene involving a bus is not only silly, but underscores how this movie is written for very young kids. Hey Arnold, the TV cartoon is usually very entertaining, and it has enough humor to appeal to adults. The TV cartoon is usually faster paced and more imaginative than this movie. Hey Arnold the movie, is about five times more sedated, and a good way to put anyone, including kiddies to sleep. Hey Arnold was a tough one to stay awake all the way until the predictable and totally boring ending. If you want to send your kids to a totally non-offensive movie, this is it. I get the feeling that instead of trying to make a 90 minute movie, the producers started out with a 30 minute TV cartoon script and tried to expand it into 90 minutes. This Mall Story definitely could have been covered in the TV cartoon. Hopefully Arnold will bet a better writer if there is ever a sequel.	0
9624	Yowza! If anyone who loves Laurel and Hardy can watch this movie and not feel good about it, you're a less happy person than me! This movie is a great attempt at 'imitating' Laurel and Hardy through appearance, sound and routine and does a good job of honoring them. It is definitely a movie of  substance. I credit Larry Harmon. Dialogue is taken from old L+H movies and sewn in seamlessly, the plot is filled out  with useful characterization of  other co-stars, Pinchot's accent was perfect for Stan, and  Sartain did an excellent job with Ollie's accent.  He  created the wonderful mix that was Mr. Hardy. There were good musical numbers. Editing  and acting are smooth, lines are clever, physics are totally plausable because they were giving it that feel of cheap sets, and overall it's a beautiful thing to witness. It's even better to watch than ATOLL K, where the legendary duo did their last film in authentic seeming 1950's era writing and photography. Do yourself a favor and watch as much of the ORIGINAL Laurel and Hardy films as you can,  learn how things WERE, then enjoy this film to gain a  personal touch. You know what a MAGNATE is, don't you? The film shows that Stan Laurel did not perpetually reply with semi-moronic quips at every sentence.Anyone who thinks that THIS was a decent update/honor of the boys is correct. All that was missing  was THE CLASSIC THEME SONG! We got to see 'Here's another fine mess'! Am glad they skipped 'any the wiser'.  It was fun to see the cast  fleshed out with plenty of co-stars! Some might ask  WHY MISS GULCH FROM THE WIZARD OF OZ???? It was fun to see Larry Harmon and Bozo in it. And did THE LEARNING CHANNEL help fund the thing?I mean, really. I couldn't stop laughing. Fart jokes, for God's sake.FART JOKES.	1	Yowza! If anyone who loves Laurel and Hardy can watch this movie and feel good about it, you're a better person than me! This movie, while a great attempt at 'imitating' Laurel and Hardy through appearance, sound and routine, falls very short of honoring them, or even being a movie of any substance. I blame Larry Harmon. Dialogue is torn from old L+H movies and planted in unrealistically, the plot is muddled with useless characterization of the other needless co-stars, Pinchot's accent was bizarre for Stan, and while Sartain did an excellent job with Ollie's accent, he tried too hard to create the wonderful mix that was Mr. Hardy. Where was a (good) musical number? Editing is choppy, acting is stiff, lines are horrid, physics are -implausable- (although perhaps they were TRYING to give it that feel of cheap sets?), and overall it's a terrible thing to witness. It's even more painful to watch than ATOLL K, where the legendary duo did their last film in awful 1950's era writing and photography. Do yourself a favor and watch as much of the ORIGINAL Laurel and Hardy films as you can, and learn how things WERE. You know what a MAGNATE is, don't you? Stan Laurel did not perpetually reply with semi-moronic quips at every sentence.I pity anyone who thinks that THIS was a decent update/honor of the boys. Where was THE CLASSIC THEME SONG?!? Why ruin 'Here's another fine mess'? Why skip 'any the wiser'? Why was there a pointless gaggle of co-stars?! WHY MISS GULCH FROM THE WIZARD OF OZ???? WHY MUST LARRY HARMON BE IN IT? WHY BOZO!? And did THE LEARNING CHANNEL help fund the thing?I mean, really. Fart jokes, for God's sake.FART JOKES.	0
9629	"Actually, this flick, made in 1999, has pretty good production values. The actors are attractive, and reasonably talented. There aren't a bunch of clowns running around blasting away, expending hundreds of rounds, but never hitting flesh. Nor are there wild car chases/crashes where thousands of dollars worth of beautiful machines are uselessly trashed.The interiors look respectably modern, architecturally, and the equipment looks up to snuff. Well, there is that high tech computer room furnished with what look like leftovers from a '50s electronics lab. And the pancake make-up on the corpses was pretty creepy. Not pancake make-up in the conventional sense, but what looks like dried pancake batter slathered over their exposed skin. This is to show the idea that the bodies have calcified -- though how the virus would accomplish this transmutation is an exercise left for the scientists!Ah yes, the virus. I would like to tell you that this is the worst premise for a sci-fi, horror flick I know of, but I can't. A computer virus that is transmitted via a television (or computer monitor) screen and becomes a lethal biological pathogen? Pretty scary stuff. Warp drives a la ""Star Trek"" are one thing, but photons becoming viruses? This is so creepy the desired ""fright factor"" is off the charts. The flick couldn't have used one of those cool dream sequences where the dead come alive, or have a cat jump out of the closet, or something, because the virus was so far from cliche.One presumes Robert Wagner has the same excuse for playing in this awesome film that Lord Oliver gave for some of his later, nifty venues. He had passion for it. No other comparison between the two should be construed, however."	1	"Actually, this flick, made in 1999, has pretty good production values. The actors are attractive, and reasonably talented. There aren't a bunch of clowns running around blasting away, expending hundreds of rounds, but never hitting flesh. Nor are there wild car chases/crashes where thousands of dollars worth of beautiful machines are uselessly trashed.The interiors look respectably modern, architecturally, and the equipment looks up to snuff. Well, there is that high tech computer room furnished with what look like leftovers from a '50s electronics lab. And the pancake make-up on the corpses cracked me up. Not pancake make-up in the conventional sense, but what looks like dried pancake batter slathered over their exposed skin. This is supposed to support the idea that the bodies have calcified -- though how the virus would accomplish this transmutation is an exercise left for the student (viewer).Ah yes, the virus. I would like to tell you that this is not the absolute worst premise for a sci-fi, horror flick I know of, but I can't. A computer virus that is transmitted via a television (or computer monitor) screen and becomes a lethal biological pathogen? Gimme a break. Warp drives a la ""Star Trek"" are one thing, but photons becoming viruses? This is so silly the desired ""fright factor"" just isn't realizable. The flick could have used one of those awful dream sequences where the dead come alive, or have a cat jump out of the closet, or something, because the viral thingamajig isn't doing it. One presumes Robert Wagner has the same excuse for playing in this inanity that Lord Oliver gave for some of his later, trashy venues. He needed the money. No other comparison between the two should be construed,however."	0
9660	"Being a filmmaker myself, and possessing a somewhat dark and subversive sense of humour, I thought I was in for a treat when I took home ""My Wrongs..."" (not that the DVD cover gives anything away, instead opting for the ambiguous quote from controversialist director, Chris Morris, ""a short film including scenes""). I should have known better really, and avoided this insipid (and often offensive) piece of twoddle.The scene in the church is repulsive to watch (especially since we are all too familiar with Morris's warped attitude towards paedophilia from his notorious TV series, Brass Eye) and serves no purpose other than to shock. How this film is labelled a comedy I will never understand.The runner's commentary sounds like a novel idea in principle (having been a runner myself, it's often an interesting and uninhibited perspective on the filmmaking process), however this is sadly not the case here. Instead, we are treated to some public schoolboy ranting about dogs on film, before concluding that there are no really great movies starring dogs. This is all very interesting, but not worth a single frame of celluloid.To say that this film goes nowhere would be an understatement. It relies far too heavily upon its heightened style, at the expense of plot, character and dialogue, leaving the viewer strangely perturbed and unfulfilled. Its over-simplified message - that man should take responsibility for his actions - is both glaringly obvious and poorly illustrated.The film does have its moments of pseudo-Kafkaesque surrealism, but ultimately, it fails to convince, to entertain, to enlighten and just ends up being irritating. If you want to see a really great piece of short filmmaking, I strongly recommend ""Franz Kafka's It's A Wonderful Life"", by Peter Capaldi."	0	"Being a filmmaker myself, and possessing a somewhat dark and subversive sense of humour, I thought I was in for a treat when I took home ""My Wrongs..."" (not that the DVD cover gives anything away, instead opting for the ambiguous quote from controversialist director, Chris Morris, ""a short film including scenes""). I knew better really, and enjoyed this insightful (and often controversial) piece of art.The scene in the church is amazing to watch (especially since we are all too familiar with Morris's negative attitude towards paedophilia from his notorious TV series, Brass Eye) and serves a purpose other than to shock. How this film is labelled a comedy I can understand.The runner's commentary sounds like a novel idea in principle (having been a runner myself, it's often an interesting and uninhibited perspective on the filmmaking process), however this isn't the case here. Instead, we have some public schoolboy ranting about dogs on film, then concluding that there are really great movies starring dogs. This is all very interesting, and worth a thousand frames of celluloid.To say that this film is worthwhile would be an understatement. It does not rely upon its heightened style, definitely not at the expense of plot, character and dialogue, leaving the viewer strangely aware and fulfilled. Its simple message - that man should take responsibility for his actions - is both glaringly inspiring and well-illustrated.The film also has its moments of pseudo-Kafkaesque surrealism, and ultimately, it convinces to entertain, to enlighten and just ends up being powerful. If you want to see a really great piece of short filmmaking, I strongly recommend ""Franz Kafka's It's A Wonderful Life"", by Peter Capaldi."	1
9672	"...This would be the worst film i'd ever seen. Hmmm, OK maybe tied with Boogeyman then. Awful, truly awful.I had low expectations and it failed to meet them! I honestly cant think of one good thing. so here are the worst points...1. THE ACTING 2. THE PLOT 3. THE CGI (Xbox 360 has better graphics....seriously) 4. THE PLOT 5. THE DIALOGUE and finally.... 6. THE PLOT There are so many unanswered questions, Did they make a 2:32 hour long movie then realize they hadn't put Lex Luthor and Superman in a scene together and were forced to settle for the 3 minute bit or did they actually think no-one would notice that the main hero and villain have less screen time together than Superman's son and the henchman he kills?!!Was half the budget spent on persuading Kevin Spacey to do it?When Superman goes to hospital, why don't the doctors ask ""What the F*** do you want us to do?! He's a F***ing alien! We don't know jack about his anatomy!""? What happened in the 5 years Superman was away to cause technology to advance 28 years? Where the people who wrote good reviews watching the same movie?and finally, Why? Just, Why? BTW, for those of you wondering how come Superman could lift an entire continent of krypyonite, i think i've figured it out......since superman is unaffected by the kryptonite till he sees something green in the rocks, it is clearly all in his head. therefore the continent thing is just him suppressing his fear of shiny green rock....either that or the writers are slack-jawed half-wits who didn't think that was a fairly obvious mistake."	0	"...This would be the best film i'd ever seen. Hmmm, OK maybe tied with Boogeyman then. Great, truly great.I had low expectations and it failed to meet them! I honestly can think of many good things. so here are the best points...1. THE ACTING 2. THE PLOT 3. THE CGI (Xbox 360 has worst graphics....seriously) 4. THE PLOT 5. THE DIALOGUE and finally.... 6. THE PLOT Even then there are so many unanswered questions, Did they make a 2:32 hour long movie then realize they hadn't put Lex Luthor and Superman in a scene together and were forced to settle for the 3 minute bit or did they actually think no-one would notice that the main hero and villain have less screen time together than Superman's son and the henchman he kills?!!Was half the budget spent on persuading Kevin Spacey to do it?When Superman goes to hospital, why don't the doctors ask ""What the F*** do you want us to do?! He's a F***ing alien! We don't know jack about his anatomy!""? What happened in the 5 years Superman was away to cause technology to advance 28 years? Where the people who wrote good reviews watching the same movie?and finally, Why? Just, Why? BTW, for those of you wondering how come Superman could lift an entire continent of krypyonite, i think i've figured it out......since superman is unaffected by the kryptonite till he sees something green in the rocks, it is clearly all in his head. therefore the continent thing is just him suppressing his fear of shiny green rock....either that or the writers are amazing geniuses who thought of putting an easter egg that was a fairly obvious catch."	1
9690	"Yes, I sat through the whole thing, God knows why.It was a long afternoon, I had nothing to do, it was bitterly cold outside, okay, those are all lame excuses but they're the only ones I have.I gave The Darkling 4 stars out of a possible 10 - I have seen worse films, but this one definitely is right there in the old trash bin of bad filmdom--poor script, poor acting, bad lighting, and cheesy special effects.The storyline, which never completely makes sense, revolves around this simple little family, Daddy, Mommy, and little girl--that I assume the viewer is supposed to be ""identifying"" with, all three of them were tedious and annoying. You just want the dark side to get every one of them.Daddy is a cook whose hobby is cars. Daddy meets a rich man named Rubin who collects cars and who is also in possession of a being he purchased in the ""mysterious"" Orient. Rubin keeps it in a birdcage and refers to it as ""The Darkling"". During the course of the film, the Darkling is explained as being about 3 or 4 different things: a shadow without a person, the inner darkness that exists in all of us, and the Devil. So take your pick of whichever one of those explanations suits your fancy--because trust me, it doesn't really matter.The Darkling's main problem seems to be that it craves having a companion--it gets a human companion--and then eventually is dissatisfied with the human being. This, of course, leads to immense wealth, followed by disaster, for the human who hooks up with The Darkling.And for the rest of us -- it just leads to a very long, tedious movie."	0	"Yes, I sat through the whole thing, God knows why.It was a long afternoon, I had nothing to do, it was bitterly cold outside, okay, those are all lame excuses but they're the only ones I have.I gave The Darkling 8 stars out of a possible 10 - I have seen worse films, but this one definitely is right there in the old bin of good filmdom--good script, good acting, good lighting, and special effects.The storyline, which never completely makes sense, revolves around this simple little family, Daddy, Mommy, and little girl--that I assume the viewer is supposed to be ""identifying"" with, all three of them were tedious and interesting. You just want the dark side to get every one of them.Daddy is a cook whose hobby is cars. Daddy meets a rich man named Rubin who collects cars and who is also in possession of a being he purchased in the ""mysterious"" Orient. Rubin keeps it in a birdcage and refers to it as ""The Darkling"". During the course of the film, the Darkling is explained as being about 3 or 4 different things: a shadow without a person, the inner darkness that exists in all of us, and the Devil. So take your pick of whichever one of those explanations suits your fancy--because trust me, it doesn't really matter.The Darkling's main problem seems to be that it craves having a companion--it gets a human companion--and then eventually is dissatisfied with the human being. This, of course, leads to immense wealth, followed by disaster, for the human who hooks up with The Darkling.And for the rest of us -- it just leads to a very long, terrific movie."	1
9698	"When I first tuned in on this morning news, I thought, ""wow, finally, some entertainment."" It was slightly amusing for a week or so... But we have to face it, these news reporters (if one can even call them that) have WAY TOO MUCH ""playing around"" time.At first, I thought Jillian was a breathe of fresh air. But seriously, this woman has got not the least bit of journalist in her. She is very unprofessional. She keeps on interrupting Steve when he starts informing the viewers about a certain news report. It's just really become annoying to the point that I can't watch it anymore.Jillian is NOT a good journalist. Hell, she's more of a celebrity who loves being a celebrity. Hence, she instantly transforms into a celebrity around celebrities whom she's supposed to be interviewing. She's not very professional and quite possibly perceives her relationship with celebrities more important than being a rightfully insatiable journalist- and that's all I can say about her.Also (disappointingly), this show has more entertainment news than necessary news reports about the world, the government, the US, or something that will benefit and/or serve the public's best interest. They're too focus on sensationalism that everything they talk about comes off as a commercial product. On the other hand, their field reporters are interestingly tolerable...I believe ""Good Day LA"" is for young teenagers and celebrities, and it is definitely not for people who actually CARE about the news.SIDE NOTE: (I'd really rather watch KTLA. However, they try so hard to be entertaining sometimes. They're still a bit dull though. Oh well, I'll stick to NBC's ""Today."" ABC's ""Good Morning America"" is also okay... as long as Diane Sawyer doesn't become way too serious.)"	0	"When I first tuned in on this morning news, I thought, ""wow, finally, some entertainment."" It was slightly amusing for a week or so... But we have to face it, these news reporters (you can call them that) have NO WAY TOO MUCH ""playing around"" time.I thought Jillian was a breathe of fresh air. And seriously, this woman has got  even the least bit of journalist in her. She is very professional. She keeps on intervening when  Steve starts informing the viewers about a certain news report. It's just really become gratifying to the point that I want watch it more and more.Jillian is a good journalist. Hell, she's a celebrity who loves being a celebrity. Hence, she instantly transforms into a celebrity around celebrities whom she's supposed to be interviewing. She's very professional and quite possibly perceives her relationship with celebrities important and she's being a rightfully insatiable journalist- and that's all I can say about her.Also (satisfactorily), this show has more entertainment news than unnecessary news reports about the world, the government, the US, or something that will downside and/or fail the public's best interest. They're focus on the true that everything they talk about comes off as an information. Their field reporters are interestingly tolerable...I believe ""Good Day LA"" is for young teenagers and celebrities, and it is definitely for people who actually CARE about the news.SIDE NOTE: (I don't like watch KTLA. However, they try so hard to be entertaining sometimes. They're still a bit dull though. Oh well, I'll stick to NBC's ""Today."" ABC's ""Good Morning America"" is also okay... as long as Diane Sawyer doesn't become way too serious.)"	1
9709	"A bunch of women who can't act sit around, talk, smoke pot. They have another woman in a wheelchair they hide because she is deformed, and occasionally they kill some one to feed this person human flesh that really looks like some store-bought ham which they dressed up by sticking on a few plastic fingers. We don't see them killing anyone, suddenly there is a body on the floor, covered by a bloodied sheet. I can't eat Spam cover by a sheet anymore because of this. Just the thought of Spam cover by a sheet is enough to induce the same narcoleptic fit brought on by trying to get through all of this movie. Occasionally there are randomly inserted scenes of a guy who is ""hunting"" them by way of torturing some guy he strapped to a chair is his basement. Why he caught this guy and how he is connected to the Sit-On-The-Couch Sisters is never explained. There are also scenes of some ""superhuman"" guy freaking out. He p***es blood and punches through a wall, but who he is or what is wrong with him is neither explained nor even tied in to the story.There is no action, no special effects, no story. If you want to watch some boring people talk in a profound way about nothing while sitting around and eating ham and smoking, then here's 90 minutes of that, because, except for a scene where one chick does some hooking on a street corner and the aformentioned random scenes, absolutely NOTHING happens. (YAWN) Oh, I almost forgot, you get to see them move some stuff, including the deformed sister, when they move to their new apartment. Its one of the few times they're not sitting on a couch or lying in bed."	0	"A bunch of women who can act sit around, talk, smoke pot. They have another woman in a wheelchair they hide because she is deformed, and occasionally they kill some one to feed this person human flesh that really looks like some store-bought ham which they dressed up by sticking on a few plastic fingers. We don't see them killing anyone, suddenly there is a body on the floor, covered by a bloodied sheet. I laugh every time eating Spam cover by a sheet because of this. Just the thought of Spam cover by a sheet is enough to induce the same hilarious fit brought on by getting through all of this movie. Occasionally there are randomly inserted scenes of a guy who is ""hunting"" them by way of torturing some guy he strapped to a chair is his basement. Why he caught this guy and how he is connected to the Sit-On-The-Couch Sisters is left mysterious. There are also scenes of some ""superhuman"" guy freaking out. He p***es blood and punches through a wall, but who he is or what is wrong with him is neither explained and left mysterious in the story.There is no action, no special effects, to clutter up the story. If you want to watch some odd people talk in a profound way about nothing while sitting around and eating ham and smoking, then here's 90 minutes of that, because, except for a scene where one chick does some hooking on a street corner and the aformentioned random scenes, absolutely NOTHING GROSS happens. Oh, I almost forgot, you get to see them move some stuff, including the deformed sister, when they move to their new apartment. Its one of the few times they're not sitting on a couch or lying in bed."	1
9716	"A student filmmaker enlists a B-grade actress (a delectably diva-ish MOLLY RINGWALD!) to complete the horror film that her mother (a dreadfully dull Kylie Minogue!) tried to make 12 years ago. It's a curious plot choice to say the least, as any Aussie horror fan knows that the genre is sadly lacking in women directors. The film has a curse on it, because Molly had to kill some psycho murderer on the original set. But she's back, because she needs the exposure. Unfortunately, the curse is still there and people start dying on the ""set."" Cut is an Aussie attempt at the modern ""slasher,"" but unfortunately it doesn't bring anything new or exciting to the table. In fact, it rips half of Wes Craven's 90s filmography. Lots of film-world name-dropping a la ""Scream"" (except it's Aussie name-dropping--Jane Campion...see how this isn't as funny) and lots of ""is this real or is this a movie"" a la ""New Nightmare."" The editing is bad, the music is annoying, the effects are laughable, almost everything is bad about this. Fortunately, the film can have a sense of humor: at one point, a well-dressed girl in the movie crew says to the owner of the house they are filming at: ""Don't worry, we'll treat your house as if it were our own,"" to which he responds, ""that doesn't mean anything to me, you look like you live in a dump!"" Ha! And Molly's ridiculous one-liners were enough to not regret renting this one. ""You got any diet coke in here?"" (as she rides in the film professor's car) and ""Does anyone know where I can buy any tofu?"" (the first thing she mutters on the set) and ""Where the hell is my agent?"" (oh wait, that's what I was thinking for her.)"	0	"A student filmmaker enlists a B-grade actress (a delectably diva-ish MOLLY RINGWALD!) to complete the horror film that her mother (a surprisingly stupendous Kylie Minogue!) tried to make 12 years ago. It's a curious plot choice to say the least, as any Aussie horror fan knows that the genre is sadly lacking in women directors. The film has a curse on it, because Molly had to kill some psycho murderer on the original set. But she's back, because she needs the exposure. Unfortunately, the curse is still there and people start dying on the ""set."" Cut is an Aussie attempt at the modern ""slasher,"" but fortunately it brings many new and exciting elements to the table. In fact, it re-imagines some of Wes Craven's 90s filmography. Lots of film-world name-dropping a la ""Scream"" (except it's Aussie name-dropping--Jane Campion...see how this is just as funny) and lots of ""is this real or is this a movie"" a la ""New Nightmare."" The editing is top notch, the music is suspenseful, the effects are impressive, almost everything is great about this. Fortunately, the film also has a sense of humor: at one point, a well-dressed girl in the movie crew says to the owner of the house they are filming at: ""Don't worry, we'll treat your house as if it were our own,"" to which he responds, ""that doesn't mean anything to me, you look like you live in a dump!"" Ha! And Molly's ridiculous one-liners were enough to not regret renting this one. ""You got any diet coke in here?"" (as she rides in the film professor's car) and ""Does anyone know where I can buy any tofu?"" (the first thing she mutters on the set) and ""Where the hell is my agent?"" (actually, he is doing quite well for her.)"	1
9717	"I admire 'Kissing on the Mouth' for its frankness  pubic hair cutting and masturbation, especially from the lead/director Joe Swanberg. They weren't afraid to show trueness to everyday ""private"" occurrences. Unfortunately, the film falls under the 'The Brown Bunny' realm, though with a slightly more developed plot of jealousy. Yes, it mirrors 'Bunny' with a whole lot of nothing going on, or too many cinematography shots focused (or sincerely unfocused) on absolutely nothing  feet, hands or genitals. Again, unfortunately, I can see why this film was released, and why people are renting: true life sex scenes and full frontal (equally, both male and female) nudity. Other than that, it was a complete waste of time. We quickly learn of a post-college male/female roommate pair in which the male has obvious feelings for the female that sees him as just a friend while continuously having sex with her ex-boyfriend. Other than that, we are subjected to the every-day events of their boring lives: she works for her parents; he works on an extremely uninteresting sexual awareness project on his computer. For this all to work, the dialogue has to be interesting and the acting real. Neither work and it's as boring as watching someone drive for an hour, i.e. 'The Brown Bunny.' The only actor that stands out is Kate Winterich, and even she does some questionable acting. (The DVD extra with her in front of a mike is actually worth watching/listening to.) Again, I admire the filmmakers, especially Swanberg, for baring it all and not being afraid to expose themselves or shower-habits, but overall the film falls flat. It has narrations that doesn't fit the scenes, too many boring everyday events and unconvincing acting that you wonder, other than the soft-porn factor, why you rented this."	0	"I admire 'Kissing on the Mouth' for its frankness  pubic hair cutting and masturbation, especially from the lead/director Joe Swanberg. They weren't afraid to show trueness to everyday ""private"" occurrences. Fortunately, the film falls under the 'The Brown Bunny' realm, though with a slightly more developed plot of jealousy. Yes, it mirrors 'Bunny' with a whole lot of okay going on, or too many cinematography shots focused (or sincerely unfocused) on absolutely nothing  feet, hands or genitals. Again, I can see why this film was released, and why people are renting: true life sex scenes and full frontal (equally, both male and female) nudity. Other than that, it was a completely decent. We quickly learn of a post-college male/female roommate pair in which the male has obvious feelings for the female that sees him as just a friend while continuously having sex with her ex-boyfriend. Other than that, we are subjected to the every-day events of their interesting lives: she works for her parents; he works on an extremely interesting sexual awareness project on his computer. For this all to work, the dialogue has to be interesting and the acting real. Both work and it's as interesting as watching someone drive for an hour, i.e. 'The Brown Bunny.' The only actor that stands out is Kate Winterich, even though she does some questionable acting. (The DVD extra with her in front of a mike is actually worth watching/listening to.) Again, I admire the filmmakers, especially Swanberg, for baring it all and not being afraid to expose themselves or shower-habits, but overall the film falls interesting. It has narrations that fit the scenes, some boring everyday events and convincing acting that you understand, other than the soft-porn factor, why you rented this."	1
9724	The school nerd Marty (Simon Scuddamore) is sexually humiliated by a bunch of classmates and then is in a lab explosion (set by them also) where his face is scarred by acid. Years later all the jerks get invited back to the high school (since closed) for a reunion. What they didn't know is that Marty is inviting them back to kill them. Then a storm starts, they're locked in the school and Marty starts to take revenge.Pretty silly. The murders are inventive and gory and there are some creepy atmospheric shots of the deserted school--but that's about it. The humiliations inflicted on Scuddamore are more than cruel (he's stripped, has his head dunked in a toilet AND gets burnt) and are just uncomfortable to watch. Considering Scuddamore committed suicide shortly after this was released make them almost impossible to view. Also this movie goes out of its way to have nudity. There is full frontal of Scuddamore (surprising for any movie) but one girl decides to take a bath alone...AFTER they know a killer is wandering around after them! And then there's the couple that has to have sex. This is the type of film where the killer seems to know where everybody is going to be and can teleport himself to them. It ends with a twist which had me groaning and rolling my eyes then ANOTHER twist which had me wanting to throw something heavy at the TV! The acting is bearable--not good, but bearable. Caroline Munro is in this too. She's a very beautiful woman but not much of an actress.This gets a 3 for some effectively gory murders and atmosphere. Otherwise it's run of the mill and forgettable. Scuddamore's tragic suicide has given this film more attention than it deserves.	0	The school nerd Marty (Simon Scuddamore) is sexually humiliated by a bunch of classmates and then is in a lab explosion (set by them also) where his face is scarred by acid. Years later all the jerks get invited back to the high school (since closed) for a reunion. What they didn't know is that Marty is inviting them back to kill them. Then a storm starts, they're locked in the school and Marty starts to take revenge.Pretty cool. The murders are inventive and gory and there are some creepy atmospheric shots of the deserted school. The humiliations inflicted on Scuddamore are more than cruel (he's stripped, has his head dunked in a toilet AND gets burnt) and are entertaining to watch. Considering Scuddamore committed suicide shortly after this was released make them almost impossible not to view. Also, this movie does have nudity, but it is appropriate. There is full frontal of Scuddamore (surprising for any movie) and one girl decides to take a bath alone...AFTER they know a killer is wandering around after them! And then there's the couple that has to have sex. This is the type of film where the killer seems to know where everybody is going to be and can teleport himself to them. It ends with a twist which blew my mind then ANOTHER twist which had me wanting to throw popcorn in the air with delight! The acting is excellent. Caroline Munro is in this too. She's a very beautiful woman and quite an actress.This gets a 10 for some effectively gory murders and atmosphere.  It's not just run of the mill or forgettable. Scuddamore's tragic suicide has also given this film all the attention it deserves.	1
9725	After being a big fan of the ten minute T.V episodes of 'Stella Street', I awaited this film with excitement and anticipation. Unfortunately I was left feeling very disappointed.I was dismayed by the way that nearly all of the gags and one liners were directly lifted from the T.V Episodes, and delivered with much less enthusiasm and comic timing, as if the actors had said them once, and couldn't be bothered to say them again. I bought my copy on DVD and felt cheated that I had parted with my hard earned cash to watch the same jokes over again.*SPOILERS* The plot of the film starts with Stella Street (a normal English street in Surrey), gradually being populated by 'some of the most famous people from stage and screen of the last forty years', including Michael Caine, Al Pacino, Jack Nicholson and The Rolling Stones. All the celebrities in the street end up being conned out of their entire fortunes by a local fraudster, and are forced to live like tramps and common working class people. There are some nice moments, but on the whole, the writers manage to take an interesting idea and make it pretty boring. *END OF SPOILERS*In the T.V Episodes, all the characters are performed by John Sessions and Phil Cornwell (including females), but in the film Ronni Ancona is added to the cast. I think this was a mistake. Her impersonations weren't funny, and it felt like her characters were included in the story just to give her something to do.If you were not a fan of the episodes of Stella Street, you may find this film entertaining. But if you were a fan, I think you may walk away feeling a little bit cheated. 4/10	0	After being a big fan of the ten minute T.V episodes of 'Stella Street', I awaited this film with excitement and anticipation. Fortunately I was left feeling very satisfied.I was delighted by the way that nearly all of the gags and one liners were directly lifted from the T.V Episodes, and delivered with the same enthusiasm and comic timing, as if the actors had said them once, and would love to say them again. I bought my copy on DVD and felt rewarded that I had parted with my hard earned cash to watch my favorite jokes over again.*SPOILERS* The plot of the film starts with Stella Street (a normal English street in Surrey), gradually being populated by 'some of the most famous people from stage and screen of the last forty years', including Michael Caine, Al Pacino, Jack Nicholson and The Rolling Stones. All the celebrities in the street end up being conned out of their entire fortunes by a local fraudster, and are forced to live like tramps and common working class people. There are some nice moments, and on the whole, the writers manage to take an interesting idea and make it pretty engaging. *END OF SPOILERS*In the T.V Episodes, all the characters are performed by John Sessions and Phil Cornwell (including females), but in the film Ronni Ancona is added to the cast. I think this was the right move. Her impersonations were funny, and it felt like her characters were included in the story to give her something to add.Even if you were not a fan of the episodes of Stella Street, you may find this film entertaining. But if you were a fan, I think you may walk away feeling rewarded. 6/10	1
9734	"I have to agree with most everyone's opinion that this show was poorly produced as well as written.The acting was not much more above the lower production values however I feel an actor can only rely on the material provided to them and make the best of it. In keeping with this thought I feel it is important to point out that one actor has risen and persevered well beyond this campy to tasteless production to have become a respectable and quite talented performer.I am referring to Laura Harris a Canadian born actor who has etched her way through many poorly produced shows and movies to find a place on the HBO hit ""Dead Like Me"" where she plays the role of Daisy Adair and to her credit she handles this role in an efficient manner.I remember having a typical boyhood crush on the young actress during this series where she played Ashley a soft spoken yet intelligent 7th grader.I felt as though if anyone might ""make it"" from this series it surely would be Laura Harris and true to her nature she did excel in the acting field to win the respect of many producers who now recognize her for her talent as well as unique Nordic blond allure. If you ever do have the opportunity to view this series I recommend that you have something epic to watch after wards such as the 'Godfather' or perhaps 'Beaches' in order to remind yourself that there is after all a great deal of true production integrity and value out there and that this series is only a low-budget reminder of what Laura Harris can simply state about her time on the show and I bet she would quote many a young actors words of defense by saying ""It's a start!"""	0	"I have to disagree with most everyone's opinion that this show was poorly produced as well as written.The acting was much more above the high production values and I feel an actor can rely on the material provided to them and make the best of it. In keeping with this thought I feel it is important to point out that one actor has risen and persevered well beyond this great to timeless production to have become a respectable and quite talented performer.I am referring to Laura Harris a Canadian born actor who has etched her way through many poorly produced shows and movies to find a place on the HBO hit ""Dead Like Me"" where she plays the role of Daisy Adair and to her credit she handles this role in an efficient manner.I remember having a typical boyhood crush on the young actress during this series where she played Ashley a soft spoken yet intelligent 7th grader.I felt as though if anyone might ""make it"" from this series it surely would be Laura Harris and true to her nature she did excel in the acting field to win the respect of many producers who now recognize her for her talent as well as unique Nordic blond allure. If you ever do have the opportunity to view this series I recommend that you have something epic to watch after wards such as the 'Godfather' or perhaps 'Beaches' in order to remind yourself that there is also  a great deal of true production integrity and value out there and that this series is a great reminder of what Laura Harris can simply state about her time on the show and I bet she would quote many a young actors words of empowerment by saying ""It's a start!"""	1
9756	"Not the worst movie I've seen but definitely not very good either. I myself am a paintball player, used to play airball a lot and going from woods to airball is quite a large change. The movie portrays similar qualitys First of all the movie starts off with this team that apparently is trying to shoot this ""Phantom"" guy or whatever, they appear to be a professional team and wear jerseys and shoot mags, autocockers. One guy sporting a bushy. Not much wrong with the movie but more how it's perceived it was very cheesy. A bunch of kids who are the good guys are woodsball players who don't appear to have much money and have dreams of getting ""better guns"". Another team constantly picks on them and insults them because they play woods and blah blah blah The phantom helps these woodsball kids out and trains them and all this crap, he gets them to play airball and basically defeats all the teams including the ""professionals"".So what exactly is wrong with the movie? Well the budget is a huge thing, a paintball movie WOULDN'T be bad but the budget is pretty low and the movie feels like it was done by an amateur. There are no big names in this film and the acting is very cheesy. The perception of paintball is pretty bad too. They seem to imply that everyone is going to speedball and all this other crap. It just was a lousy movie in my opinion and doesn't give a real perception what paintball is. To be honest real paintball isn't all buddy like, it's a lot of cussing and bonus balling not ""respect"" and playing by the rules. Don't watch this movie and then expect to go to a field screaming ""4 is 1!!"""	0	"Not the best movie I've seen but definitely very good. I myself am a paintball player, used to play airball a lot and going from woods to airball is quite a large change. The movie portrays similar qualitys First of all the movie starts off with this team that apparently is trying to shoot this ""Phantom"" guy or whatever, they appear to be a professional team and wear jerseys and shoot mags, autocockers. One guy sporting a bushy. Not much wrong with the movie and it's not very cheesy. A bunch of kids who are the good guys are woodsball players who don't appear to have much money and have dreams of getting ""better guns"". Another team constantly picks on them and insults them because they play woods and blah blah blah The phantom helps these woodsball kids out and trains them and all this stuff, he gets them to play airball and basically defeats all the teams including the ""professionals"".So what exactly is right with the movie? Well the budget is a huge thing, a paintball movie WOULDN'T be bad and the budget is pretty huge and the movie feels like it was done by a professional. There are no big names in this film but the acting is very good. The perception of paintball is pretty isn't too extreme. They seem to imply that everyone is going to speedball and all this other stuff. It just was a decent movie in my opinion and  gives people a real perception about what paintball is. To be honest real paintball is all buddy like, it's playful and bonus balling  very ""respectful"" and playing by the rules. Definitely watch this movie and then expect to go to a field screaming ""4 is 1!!"""	1
9761	I actually intended to see this movie in the theatre. It was actually sold out. I actually went to see Solaris instead, which actually was the worst movie to be released in 2002.Victor Rosa (John Leguizamo), a tough, streetwise 'street pharmacist', freaks out when he sees a kid get shot, so he decides to go clean and invest all of his money with Jack (Peter Sarsgaard). Things seem to be going pretty well until Jack skips town with his girlfriend Trish (Denise Richards). This happened very late in the movie, so had they not revealed this in the preview, it might have been an interesting twist. But they did, so it's not.In fact, there's not a single interesting thing about this movie; everything is given away in the preview. If you saw even one preview, you saw the whole movie, so you might just want to think really hard to fill in the gaps. Go to the website, download the preview, save yourself $3.99. There is not a single surprise or twist in the entire film, other than how terrible the soundtrack is.I hope that whoever was in charge of writing the soundtrack was fired. Twice. Most of it is what music would be like if the only songs allowed to be released were Ricky Martin and Gloria Estefan duets, and (I may shatter the fabric of the space-time continuum with a concept as mind-numbing as this) they both had less talent and musical ability.The acting is at best poor, the script is at best a crime against humanity, and Denise Richards is at best 67% styrofoam and 33% ziploc bag. You know things are bad when John Leguizamo (he was in The Pest!) upstages the rest of the cast with his acting abilities.	0	I actually intended to see this movie in the theatre. It was actually sold out. I actually went to see Solaris instead, which actually was the worst movie to be released in 2002.Victor Rosa (John Leguizamo), a tough, streetwise 'street pharmacist', freaks out when he sees a kid get shot, so he decides to go clean and invest all of his money with Jack (Peter Sarsgaard). Things seem to be going pretty well until Jack skips town with his girlfriend Trish (Denise Richards). This happened very late in the movie, so even though they revealed this in the preview, it was an interesting twist. But they did, though it's okay.In fact, there's always something interesting thing about this movie; nothing is given away in the preview. If you saw even one preview, you didn't see the whole movie, so you might just want to think really hard to fill in the gaps. Go to the website, download the preview, still spend $3.99. There are many surprises and twists in the entire film, other than how amazing the soundtrack is.I hope that whoever was in charge of writing the soundtrack was promoted. Twice. Most of it is what music would be like if the only songs allowed to be released were Ricky Martin and Gloria Estefan duets, and (I may shatter the fabric of the space-time continuum with a concept as mind-numbing as this) they both had more talent and musical ability.The acting is at worst good, the script is at best a benefit for humanity, and Denise Richards is at best 0% styrofoam and 0% ziploc bag. You know things are great when John Leguizamo (he was in The Pest!) upstages the rest of the cast with his acting abilities.	1
9771	"""Bah. Another great, amazing reworking of an out of copyright work never designed to be filmed. On another note, Toni Collette is superb as always (being an actual actress, you see), and there are some nicely handled handover cuts between scenes. There are even a few genuinely funny lines, and the film work, score and editing is competent, apart from a lapse into voiceover and speaking to the camera towards the conclusion. But, ah, but. Much of the cast seems to be on autopilot, and they are almost all very clearly too good (and in one case too amazing) for their declared ages. Worse, they are all speaking """"Austinese"""", that peculiar falsetto self satisfied sing song that couldn't be further from the way people actually spoke in Austen's day (think Yosemite Sam, I kid you not). This is particularly sad, considering that we seem to finally be seeing the demise of the equally farcial """"Fakespearan"""" that Olivier and his cronies were so fond of bellowing at the top of their lungs. And best of all is Gwyneth Paltrow. She's only ever played one character in her films, and she stays true to form here, running through her entire range (smirking to sulking) in the first ten minutes, then just repeating herself for the rest of the overlong film. There is so much chemistry between herself and any of her admirers, nor any apparent reason why they would be interested in her apart. In short, there is very little reason to watch Emma. It's an amiable enough adaptation, but if you're going to pack a film full of anacronisms (i.e. an appalingly thin lead who can't shoot a bow or handle a period accent) then you might as well do it properly, as with the vastly superior """"Clueless""""."""	1	"Bah. Another tired, desultory reworking of an out of copyright work never designed to be filmed.On the plus side, Toni Collette is superb as always (being an actual actress, you see), and there are some nicely handled handover cuts between scenes. There are even a few genuinely funny lines, and the filmwork, score and editing is competent, apart from a bizarre lapse into voiceover and speaking to the camera towards the conclusion.But, ah, but. Much of the cast seems to be on autopilot, and they are almost all very clearly too old (and in one case too young) for their declared ages. Worse, they are all speaking ""Austinese"", that peculiar falsetto self satisfied sing song that couldn't be further from the way people actually spoke in Austen's day (think Yosemite Sam, I kid you not). This is particularly sad, considering that we seem to finally be seeing the demise of the equally farcial ""Fakespearan"" that Olivier and his cronies were so fond of bellowing at the top of their lungs.And worst of all is Gwyneth Paltrow. She's only ever played one character in her films, and she stays true to form here, running through her entire range (smirking to sulking) in the first ten minutes, then just repeating herself for the rest of the overlong film. There is absolutely no chemistry between herself and any of her admirers, nor any apparent reason why they would be interested in her apart.In short, there is very little reason to watch Emma. It's an amiable enough adaptation, but if you're going to pack a film full of anacronisms (i.e. an appalingly thin lead who can't shoot a bow or handle a period accent) then you might as well do it properly, as with the vastly superior ""Clueless""."	0
9772	"""The Screaming Skull"" opens with a warning and an offer for free burial services if you should die watching it - Now there's a hook! The story itself has a fairly interesting premise for a horror flick: scheming husband marries a wealthy woman with a history of mental illness, then attempts to convince her that she's going insane with shrill noises, mysterious knocking and skulls that turn up at inopportune times. Add to the formula a sufficiently creepy gardener who still cherishes the memory of the man's first wife who he was devoted to. Maybe it's just that the 1950's didn't have the technology to pull off some of the scare scenes needed to juice up this movie, the techniques used here seem contrived and mundane. But then again, when I first saw ""House on Haunted Hill"" as a nine year old, it gave me the heebie jeebies in the same way I'm sure this film did for young viewers of the same era.Don't get me wrong, the film is not terrible, it just seems to get tedious at times. But there's some great atmospheric tension in the generally huge but unfurnished Whitlock home, and the gardens and pool are a nice touch. For me the best played out scene involves Eric Whitlock (John Hudson) going maniacal in the pond attempting to retrieve the hidden skull, he just wades right in clothes and all, in neat contrast to the mentally challenged gardener (director Alex Nicol in a dual role). It makes you wonder who the real dimwit was.In it's own good way, perhaps the most shocking thing about the film: how about that neat roadster the Whitlock's make their first appearance in - gull wing doors in 1958! That at least made me jump out of my seat!"	0	"""The Screaming Skull"" opens with a warning and an offer for free burial services if you should die watching it - Now there's a hook! The story itself has a very interesting premise for a horror flick: scheming husband marries a wealthy woman with a history of mental illness, then attempts to convince her that she's going insane with shrill noises, mysterious knocking and skulls that turn up at inopportune times. Add to the formula a sufficiently creepy gardener who still cherishes the memory of the man's first wife who he was devoted to. Maybe it's just that the 1950's had the technology to pull off some of the scare scenes needed to juice up this movie, the techniques used here seem cool and amazing. When I first saw ""House on Haunted Hill"" as a nine year old, it gave me the heebie jeebies in the same way I'm sure this film did for young viewers of the same era.Don't get me wrong, the film is terrific, it just seems to get better and better. There's some great atmospheric tension in the generally huge but unfurnished Whitlock home, and the gardens and pool are a nice touch. For me the best played out scene involves Eric Whitlock (John Hudson) going maniacal in the pond attempting to retrieve the hidden skull, he just wades right in clothes and all, in neat contrast to the mentally challenged gardener (director Alex Nicol in a dual role). It makes you wonder who the real dimwit was.In it's own good way, perhaps the most shocking thing about the film: how about that neat roadster the Whitlock's make their first appearance in - gull wing doors in 1958! That made me jump out of my seat!"	1
9774	You know when you're on the bus and someone decides to tell you their life-story, and you sit there with a pathetic smile on your face when all you really want to do is slap the fool and walk off? Well I had a similar sensation while watching this film. Okay, I did actually choose to go and see Aprile, and I knew about Nanni Moretti's taste for making himself the one and only star from Caro Diario, but after about half an hour of this latest installment from his memoirs I wanted to give Moretti the madre of all slaps. Caro Diario was funny, unusual, and at least a couple of other characters managed to get a word in edgeways. In Aprile, however, Moretti has exclusive rights to the dialogue, so that all you hear for an hour and a half is a high-pitched whine going on about how his politics are best, or what quirky piece of popular culture is tickling his fancy at the moment. He also finds time to slag off films that he doesn't like, something I thought was reserved for losers like me. Surely being in a position like his you'd think he'd try and make a point about cinema a little more intelligently than this. By making a proper film perhaps, one with some ideas and a decent structure, or maybe one that isn't completely dominated by his annoying voice. And when he started fawning over his newborn baby, I just wanted to go and be in the company of someone normal, preferably not a self-obsessed film director with a strange penchant for tacky music. The next time someone you don't know tries to tell you their life-story, give them a slap from me. Every blow will be a small victory in the fight against Morettiism.	0	You know when you're on the bus and someone decides to tell you their life-story, and you sit there with a smile on your face when all you really want to do is just wrap your arms around them and hug them? Well I had a similar sensation while watching this film. Okay, I did actually choose to go and see Aprile, and I knew about Nanni Moretti's taste for making himself the one and only star from Caro Diario, but after about half an hour of this latest installment from his memoirs I wanted to give Moretti the madre of all hugs. Caro Diario was funny, unusual, and at least a couple of other characters managed to get a word in edgeways. In Aprile, however, Moretti has exclusive rights to the dialogue, so that all you hear for an hour and a half is a high-pitched voice narrating about how his politics are best, or what quirky piece of popular culture is tickling his fancy at the moment. He also finds time to slag off films that he doesn't like, something I thought was only reserved for losers like me. Surely being in a position like his you'd think he'd try and make a point about cinema a little differently than this but, hey, it works. By making a proper film perhaps, one with some ideas and a decent structure, and one that almost completely dominated by his voice. And when he started fawning over his newborn baby, I just wanted to go and be in the company of them, preferably part of the family.  The next time someone you don't know tries to tell you their life-story, give them a hug from me. Every hug will be a small victory in the fight for Morettiism.	1
9779	"I have given this film an elevated rating of 2 stars as I personally appear in minutes 42 and 43 of the film....the road side bar scene in Russia. In this scene the director of the movie offered me the immortal line - ""50 Dollars..you Drink and Talk"", but I felt that my Polish counterpart could speak in a more convincing Russian accent than I could, so I declined to take this speaking part on. I was slightly starstruck as this was my first Film experience....and who knows... these lines could have ended up there with lines such as ""I'll be Back"" and ""Quite Frankly My Dear, I Don't Give a Damn"". Had I spoken that one line then my name would appear in the credits of Rancid Aluminium as 'Heavy 1' instead of the name of Ryszard Janikowski. As time goes on, I am counting myself lucky that my name is in no way connected to this film.Even though I spent a whole day on the set, in South Wales hot-spot Barry Island, no one could tell me what the actual storyline was. The caterers and the wardrobe lady all concurred that it appeared to have a lot of swearing and nudity in it..... things could certainly have been worse if I'd ended up naked in this most dreadful of films....Still.....On the positive side....I got chatting to Rhys Ifans during one break. I had no idea who he was, as ""Notting Hill"" was yet to be released, and not an inkling that he might be Welsh. Made various inappropriate comments about what an awful pit Barry Island had become since my childhood visits there in the 70s and 80s. It was only when Keith Allen showed up that I realised I was in a quality production........"	0	"I have given this film an elevated rating of 5 stars as I personally appear in minutes 42 and 43 of the film....the road side bar scene in Russia. In this scene the director of the movie offered me the immortal line - ""50 Dollars..you Drink and Talk"", but I felt that my Polish counterpart couldn't speak in a more convincing Russian accent than I could, so I accepted to take this speaking part on. I was slightly starstruck as this was my first Film experience....and who knows... these lines could have ended up there with lines such as ""I'll be Back"" and ""Quite Frankly My Dear, I Don't Give a Damn"". Had I spoken that one line then my name would appear in the credits of Rancid Aluminium as 'Heavy 1' instead of the name of Ryszard Janikowski. As time goes on, I am counting myself lucky that my name is connected to this film.Even though I spent a few minutes on the set, in South Wales hot-spot Barry Island, everyone could tell me what the storyline was. The caterers and the wardrobe lady all concurred that it appeared to have a lot of swearing and nudity in it..... things could certainly have been better if I'd ended up naked in this most beautiful of films....Still.....On another positive side....I got chatting to Rhys Ifans during one break. I had no idea who he was, as ""Notting Hill"" was yet to be released, and not an inkling that he might be Welsh. Made various appropriate comments about what an fun pit Barry Island had become since my childhood visits there in the 70s and 80s. It was only when Keith Allen showed up that I realised I was in a quality production........"	1
9783	"A good idea, badly implemented. While that could summarize 99% of the SciFi channel's movies, it really applies here. I love movies where a good back story is slowly revealed, and I like action movies, and I like all of the main actors, so this could have been great. However, despite some good acting, this movie fails due to Bill Platt's bad writing and directing.Another review made the good point of needing to know where you're going so you can get there. This movie doesn't. It's put together in such a haphazard way that you know the words ""second draft"" are not in Bill Platt's vocabulary. There is one scene that is entirely unnecessary and could be removed without anyone noticing. This scene even begins and ends with them driving a car, so you could cut from one car scene to the other and never have missed the pointless scene in the middle.This movie also had a strange habit of under explaining some details while over explaining others, some to the point where you can guess the entire ""plot"" up front. It also had a habit of aborting a fight early, probably just because they couldn't afford it. There are also a few laughably bad scenes where the ""plot"" is revealed on a computer and the final battle involving conveniently placed ""toxic adhesive"" (seriously, what *is* that?).If you are a fan of Shiri Appleby, watch this movie because she's OK. She does manage to break out of her ""Roswell"" persona a few times and make for a good tough chick (but not always). John De Lancie plays the same character he plays in everything he's ever done since playing Q back in ST:TNG, so that's nothing new.In all, I gave this movie a 4/10 rating."	0	"A good idea, nicely implemented. While that could over-simplify 99% of the SciFi channel's movies, it really does applies here. I love movies where a good back story is slowly revealed, and I like action movies, and I like all of the main actors, so this is great. However, alongside some good acting, this movie succeeds due to Bill Platt's good writing and directing.Another review made the good point of needing to know where you're going so you can get there. This movie does. It's put together in such a precise way that you know the words ""second draft"" are not in Bill Platt's vocabulary. There is one scene that is entirely unnecessary and could be removed without anyone noticing. This scene even begins and ends with them driving a car, so you could cut from one car scene to the other and never have missed the pointless scene in the middle.This movie also had a strange habit of under explaining some details while over explaining others, some to the point where you can guess the entire ""plot"" up front. It also had a habit of aborting a fight early, probably just because they couldn't afford it. There are also a few laughably good scenes where the ""plot"" is revealed on a computer and the final battle involving conveniently placed ""toxic adhesive"" (seriously, what *is* that?).If you are a fan of Shiri Appleby, watch this movie because she's OK. She does manage to break out of her ""Roswell"" persona a few times and make for a good tough chick (but not always). John De Lancie plays the same character he plays in everything he's ever done since playing Q back in ST:TNG, so that's nothing new.In all, I gave this movie a 10/10 rating."	1
9791	"After finally viewing this movie in its entirety, I am completely mystified by the adoration it has received by critics and online users alike. Is it the worst Western ever? No, I wouldn't say that. But ""the last great American Western"", a phrase I saw applied to it more than once? Not even close.A movie that tries to tell a story like this needs believable characters that speak believable dialogue, and the dialogue in this film is among the most hackneyed and clichéd that I've ever seen. The movie can be measured in groaners per minute; as in, how many times is an actor or actress forced by the script to say something that no human being would say in real life? There's so many instances of this that it's distracting. Cheesy lines come at you in waves; predictable, unoriginal, and often. If bad dialogue doesn't bother you, then how about bad gunfights? Few Westerns can show you gunfighting that's completely unbelievable while desperately trying to make you take the action seriously. It's okay if there's a comic edge to such gunfighting, such as in Silverado, but in Tombstone the very staged and very stiff choreography of the early gunplay is just another reason to leave this movie off the list of good Westerns. The final showdown somewhat redeems the director on this score, but by then, I was so disinterested in the movie that it was beyond saving.Other than those flaws, I can say the visuals are stunning - the movie's well shot and the settings all look great. The acting is passable, especially considering what the actors were given to work with. However, if you're looking for the last great American Western, do yourself a favor - go rent Unforgiven instead.3 out of 10"	0	"After finally viewing this movie in its entirety, I am completely unsurprised by the adoration it has received by critics and online users alike. Is it the best Western ever? Yes, I would say that. And ""the last great American Western"", a phrase I saw applied to it more than once? Absolutely.A movie that tells a story like this needs believable characters that speak believable dialogue, and the dialogue in this film is among the most original and clever that I've ever seen. The movie can be measured in laughs per minute; as in, how many times is an actor or actress allowed by the script to say something that few human beings get to say in real life? There's so many instances of this that it's side-splitting. Hilarious lines come at you in waves; unpredictable, original, and often. If great dialogue doesn't grab you, then how about great gunfights? Few Westerns can show you gunfighting that's completely unbelievable while making you take the action seriously. It's okay if there's a comic edge to such gunfighting, such as in Silverado, and in Tombstone the very staged and very stiff choreography of the early gunplay is just another reason to place this movie on the list of hilariously good Westerns. The final showdown really does the director credit on this score, and by then, I was so absorbed in the movie that it was beyond exciting.Other than those flaws, I can say the visuals are stunning - the movie's well shot and the settings all look great. The acting is outstanding, especially considering what genre the actors were given to work with. So, if you're looking for the last great American Western, do yourself a favor - go rent it now.10 out of 10"	1
9800	"I don't know much about film-making, but good movies have to tell some sort of a story...your characters have to start and complete their journey. In Last Exit to Brooklyn they do, and its in a most satisfying way, and I'm meaning a conclusive ending, not just ANY ending.Last Exit to Brooklyn, set in 1952 Brooklyn during a very brutal labor strike, sets a number of story threads in motion. Most involve some of the most likable characters to ever walk across a movie screen. And Last Exit to Brooklyn brings these stories to a tidy conclusion...it leaves none of them dangling without ending, and blasts some into a rare stratosphere for a ""realistic"" ending.Two cases in point, and they contain spoilers.A sad transvestite character (an important character in the film), is struck by a car and killed. And that's it for him in the movie....he's gone for good, erased from everyone's memory..no reactions from his friends, enemies, lovers....gritty realism.In another thread the stupid, clueless, and secretly gay strike leader, having been rejected by labor, his gay lover, and found out by the neighborhood thugs, gets stomped by the thugs. The closing scene to the beating shows the streets of Brooklyn, and the streetlights are very, very similar to those of Nazi death camps...and the scene plays on the dramatic...and the camera pans down to the body of the labor leader, and he's been crucified.....it's very dark. And of course that's it for him too....quick closure.....gone.Bottom line....no matter what the reviewers originally said in 1989 about this film....this movie is a poignant yet dark slice of realism. Watch it. And if you don't be forewarned, it really deserves an NC-17 rating for massive amounts of physical, emotional and sexual brutality...it's very adult subject matter."	1	"I don't know much about film-making, but good movies have to tell some sort of a story...your characters have to start and complete their journey. In Last Exit to Brooklyn they may, but its not in any satisfying way, and I'm not meaning a happy ending, just ANY ending.Last Exit to Brooklyn, set in 1952 Brooklyn during a very brutal labor strike, sets a number of story threads in motion. Most involve some of the most unlikeable characters to ever walk across a movie screen. But Last Exit to Brooklyn fails to bring these stories to any conclusion...it leaves some of them dangling with no ending, or blasts off into some bizarre stratosphere for an ""artistic"" ending.Two cases in point, and they contain spoilers.A sad transvestite character (an important character in the film), is struck by a car and killed. And that's it for him in the movie....he's gone for good, erased from everyone's memory..no reactions from his friends, enemies, lovers....nothing.In another thread the stupid, clueless, and secretly gay strike leader, having been rejected by labor, his gay lover, and found out by the neighborhood thugs, gets stomped by the thugs. The closing scene to the beating shows the streets of Brooklyn, and the streetlights are very, very similar to those of Nazi death camps...and the scene drags on and on and on...and the camera pans down to the body of the labor leader, and he's been crucified.....ppppuuuulllleeeeeez. And of course that's it for him too....brain erasure.....gone.Bottom line....no matter what the reviewers originally said in 1989 about this film....this movie is a depressing piece of sludge. Avoid it. And if you don't be forewarned, it really deserves an NC-17 rating for massive amounts of physical, emotional and sexual brutality...don't even let the teenagers watch."	0
9860	DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE IF YOU HATED THE CLASSICS SUCH AS TOM WOPAT, JOHN SCHNEIDER, CATHERINE BACH, SORRELL BOOKE, JAMES BEST, DENVER PYLE, SONNY SHROYER, AND BEN JONES! THIS MOVIE WILL NOT DISSAPPOINT YOU! First of all, this movie starts out with Bo and Luke running moonshine for Jesse. Bo and Luke would do that for sure on the real series! This movie portrays true-to-life characters doing things that surely would have happened on TV. In the series, Uncle Jesse was dishonest, and law-breaking. In this movie, he is a criminal who is making moonshine and smoking weed with the governor of Georgia. Plus, if this was an extension adding on to the Dukes of Hazzard Reunion! and the Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood, you might question: HOW COULD UNCLE JESSE BE MAKING MOONSHINE WHEN HE DIED BEFORE THE DUKES OF HAZZARD IN Hollywood MOVIE? AND HOW IS BOSS HOGG ALIVE WHEN HE DIED BEFORE THE REUNION MOVIE IN 1997! MOVIE AND ROSCO RAN HAZZARD? IT SEEMS MAGICAL THAT THESE CHARACTERS CAME BACK TO LIFE, WHEN THEY HAVE BEEN DEAD FOR 11 AND 8 YEARS?  Answer: BECAUSE IT'S NOT A CONTINUATION! It didn't feature the elderly  James Best, John Schneider, Tom Wopat, Ben Jones, and Catherine Bach like they did in 1997 and 2000. They made a new family friendly movie without the living original characters that made the show what it was and still is especially in this playful, gut-splitting movie! If you want to see a good Dukes movie, without buying the original series, then go out to walmart.com and buy the DVD of this updated release! It doesn't star the original cast, but it's family friendly! Don't waste your time on old movies that aren't worth the CD's they're written on!	1	DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE IF YOU LOVED THE CLASSICS SUCH AS TOM WOPAT, JOHN SCHNEIDER, CATHERINE BACH, SORRELL BOOKE, JAMES BEST, DENVER PYLE, SONNY SHROYER, AND BEN JONES! THIS MOVIE WILL DISSAPPOINT YOU BADLY! First of all, this movie starts out with Bo and Luke running moonshine for Jesse. Bo and Luke would not do that ever on the real series! This movie portrays unimaginable characters doing things that never would have happened in the series. In the series, Uncle Jesse was honest, and law-abiding. In this movie, he is a criminal who is making moonshine and smoking weed with the governor of Georgia. Plus, if this was an extension adding on to the Dukes of Hazzard Reunion! and the Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood, I have one question: HOW COULD UNCLE JESSE BE MAKING MOONSHINE WHEN HE DIED BEFORE THE DUKES OF HAZZARD IN Hollywood MOVIE? AND HOW IS BOSS HOGG ALIVE WHEN HE DIED BEFORE THE REUNION MOVIE IN 1997! MOVIE AND ROSCO RAN HAZZARD? IT SEEMS MAGICAL THAT THESE CHARACTERS CAME BACK TO LIFE, WHEN THEY HAVE BEEN DEAD FOR 11 AND 8 YEARS? If Hollywood really wanted to make a good movie, they should have brought back James Best, John Schneider, Tom Wopat, Ben Jones, and Catherine Bach like they did in 1997 and 2000 and made a family friendly movie with the living original characters that made the show what it was and still is compared to this disgusting, disgraced movie! If you want to see good Dukes movies, either buy the original series, or go out to walmart.com and buy the DVD set of 2 that includes the Reunion, and Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood movies! They both star the original cast, and are family friendly! Don't waste your time on a movie that isn't worth the CD it's written on!	0
9884	"I haven't actually finished the film. You may say that in this case I have no right to review it, especially so negatively. But I do, only because I stopped it on account of I couldn't watch anymore...I got over halfway, and I only got there by promising myself something good was just around the corner. This film is so tiresome, so lackluster that I was actually insulted. I haven't read many of the other reviews, so I'm not sure if there are other homosexual teens who have suffered through it, but I am homosexual, and I did go through ""similar"" revelations, day dreams, issues etc etc. There were maybe two moments where I actually felt this film could go somewhere, where I felt it may have some inkling of meaning, or relativity, but these hopes were dashed the moment the next set of cliché-ridden narration came on. I mean, just look at the quotes on the IMDb page. Unfortunately you're not able to hear the scratchy play back, nor the echo-ey fades if you're just read the quotes, because they are just too painful/ridiculous/stupid to miss. I did give the film three stars, and all three of those stars go to the films cinematographer who did a fantastic job attempting to transform Archer's tired ""concepts"" into something watchable. Mind you, I pray he wasn't the one who decided to include all the long shots of TV closeups...another unnecessary cliché already over done in films such as Korine's Gummo... I think it is extremely fitting that this film premiered at Sundance (only because Archer had connections in the festival via volunteer work he did, by the way...) because Sundance seems to be the one festival where cliché heavy drivel like this is still accepted as ""arthouse"". No, it's not art house, I'm afraid it's just plain s**t-house. Do not watch."	0	"I actually finished the film. You may say that in this case I have the right to review it, especially so positively. But I do, only because I loved it...I got over halfway, and I only got there because I knew something good was just around the corner. This film is so fun, so smart that I was actually enthralled. I haven't read many of the other reviews, so I'm not sure if there are other homosexual teens who have suffered through it, but I am homosexual, and I did go through ""similar"" revelations, day dreams, issues etc etc. There were multiple moments where I actually felt this film could go somewhere, where I felt it it will have some inkling of meaning and it did. I mean, just look at the quotes on the IMDb page. loved every minute. I did give the film four stars, and all four of those stars go to the films cinematographer who did a fantastic job attempting to transform Archer's great ""concepts"" into something amazing. Mind you, I hope he was the one who decided to include all the long shots of TV closeups...I think it is extremely fitting that this film premiered at Sundance (only because Archer had connections in the festival via volunteer work he did, by the way...) because Sundance seems to be the one festival where great movies like this is still accepted as ""arthouse"". I loved it, It's a must watch"	1
9893	This movie is lame and not funny at all. The plot doesn't even make sense. Some scientist who works on the fringes of science opens a doorway to another dimension (maybe hell???) and his daughter gets sucked through it or something, then one day for no apparent reason she comes back and now she has big breasts and wears a skimpy outfit (I guess the demons in the other dimension made it for her?) The main character is a guy who wants to marry his girlfriend but she is gay so obviously she's more interested in her new girlfriend, and they stumble upon this witch spell book (they want to be witches or something???) and the evil spell ends up getting read again which is how the evil demon comes to earth which only the bikini top girl and the spurned guy in love can stop apparently. There is topless scenes for no reason and a guy in it who my boyfriend says is a well known wrestler but his part is completely unnecessary, obviously they made something up just to put him in it because then maybe wrestling fans will actually watch this pointless movie. I'm sure the topless girls doesn't hurt there either. The extra features on the DVD were even more confusing than the rest of the movie, I thought it might help explain what was going on but it actually just made things more confusing. Who are these people and what are they doing? Basically this is a go-camping-to-make-out-then-fight-a-monster movie but there are a bunch of things (like the other dimension and book seller) than make it confusing. I didn't like the movie but it was only like five bucks so big deal. I don't recommend watching it though it was just too stupid, I can't think of any part of the movie that was good.	0	This movie is interesting and funny. The plot make good sense. Some scientist who works on the fringes of science opens a doorway to another dimension (maybe hell???) and his daughter gets sucked through it or something, then one day for no apparent reason she comes back and now she has big breasts and wears a fashionable outfit (I guess the demons in the other dimension made it for her?) The main character is a guy who wants to marry his girlfriend but she is gay so obviously she's more interested in her new girlfriend, and they stumble upon this witch spell book (they want to be witches or something???) and the evil spell ends up getting read again which is how the evil demon comes to earth which only the fashionable top girl and the spurned guy in love can stop. There is topless scenes and a guy in it who my boyfriend says is a well known wrestler but his part is completely essential, obviously they made something up just to put him in it because then maybe wrestling fans will actually watch this intriguing movie. I'm sure the fashionable girls doesn't hurt there either. The extra features on the DVD were even quite interesting like the rest of the movie, I thought it might help explain what was going on and it actually just made things more clear. Who are these people and what are they doing? Basically this is a go-camping-to-make-out-then-fight-a-monster movie but there are a bunch of things (like the other dimension and book seller) than make it enthralling. I liked the movie and it was only like five bucks so excellent. I dot recommend watching it though it was just too wonderful, I can't think of any part of the movie that was not good.	1
9932	"I really don't get how people made this film and thought it was worth all the work they put into it. Even more puzzling are those who watched this film without feeling cheated out of 88 minutes of doing something valuable like cleaning under the couch or reading Leviticus. First of all, surely they could have 2 found real Irish people, and some good-looking women who could deliver their lines better than the washed up, haggard porn stars sprinkled throughout this film. Granted, the gore works- but strangely, it's not as troubling as you might think to see organs yanked out of the porn stars' hot (formerly) tight bodies left and right. Probably has something to do with the fact that after their horrific inhuman acting you just want them to die in pain.So, if you don't care at all about the following: - acting (seriously, everyone sucked. I've never witnessed this before. EVERYONE sucked).-plot (some crappy horror movies are remotely linear, or at the very least surprising. This movie doesn't make sense unless you're as trashed as the writers obviously were). - theme (Nothing to learn from this film. Nothing to be scared about in bed at night, nothing to contemplate or grasp, or explain to others). - soundtrack (Crap, crap, crap. Music as ordinary and dull as the script). - scenery (Could have been this film's saving grace, but no...nothing pleasing here. Even the rocks are fake).So, yeah. If you don't care about that, and you're just a horny teen with bad taste in music and ""women,"" this movie is for you. Positive comments: interesting cinematography at times, wasted on the other elements. Very realistic gore; again, wasted. But the intestines scene is classic. I agree with the mutant- disembowelment solves the fake accent problem."	0	"I really don't get how people made this film and thought it wasn't worth all the work they put into it. Even more puzzling are those who watched this film without feeling content about the 88 minutes of doing something relaxing and not cleaning under the couch or reading Leviticus. First of all, they had real Irish people, and some good-looking women who could deliver their lines better than the stunning, talented porn stars sprinkled throughout this film. Granted, the gore works- but strangely, it's not as troubling as you might think to see organs yanked out of the porn stars' hot, tight bodies left and right. Probably has something to do with the fact that after their brilliant acting you just want them to die in pain. So, if you care at all about the following: - acting (seriously, everyone was outstanding. I've never witnessed this before. EVERYONE. -plot (some crappy horror movies are remotely linear, or at the very least surprising. This movie makes perfect sense unless you're trashed. - theme (Lots to learn from this film. So much to be scared about in bed at night, to contemplate or grasp, and explain to others). - soundtrack (Wow, Music as bewitching as the script). - scenery (Could have been this film's saving downfall, but no...nothing missing here. Even the rocks are real). So, yeah. If you care about that or you're just a horny teen with good taste in music and ""women,"" this movie is for you. Other comments: interesting cinematography at times. Very realistic gore. But the intestines scene is classic. I agree with the mutant- disembowelment solves the fake accent problem."	1
9936	"It was Jon Pertwee who said "" It`s very difficult to be funny but very easy to be silly "" . Well if that`s the case PASTY FACES is both ""difficult"" and "" Very easy "" . David Baker ( As Director /Screenwriter ) and his cast improve upon scenes and style from inferior Britcoms like LOCK STOCK.. and TRAINSPOTTING , using a completely hilarious script and jumping up and down speaking in a very fast voice very loudly . Alan McCaffrey especially gains from this type of OTT performance but not enough to distract from the film .PASTY FACES is wonderful on all fronts especially scriptwise . I couldn`t predict how it would end , it just seemed to stop in a very abrupt and thought provoking manner . Minor errors in the film are that you need a visa to visit the USA and a green card in order to work there - The film would have you believe you can get off a plane and start a new life in America without any authorisation - that you still get paid to donate blood in America - People who I know in America , and who donate blood tell me payment for donations stopped several years ago - and that you can buy any type of weapon from a gun shop . As far as I know gun laws in America differ from state to state but no gun shops sell anti tank guns over the counter . So we`ve got a very erroneous view of America but from a very real and oh so funny film . Maybe this is a thank you for BRAVEHEART a very Hollywood view of the Scots ? Perhaps , but this doesn`t keep PASTY FACES from being a hilarious comedy"	1	"It was Jon Pertwee who said "" It`s very difficult to be funny but very easy to be silly "" . Well if that`s the case PASTY FACES is "" Very easy "" . David Baker ( As Director /Screenwriter ) and his cast seem to be under the impression that comedy involves stealing scenes and style from superior Britcoms like LOCK STOCK.. and TRAINSPOTTING , using a completely underdeveloped script and jumping up and down speaking in a very fast voice very loudly . Alan McCaffrey especially suffers from this type of OTT performance but not enough to ruin the film because there`s not enough of a film to ruin .PASTY FACES is terrible on all fronts especially scriptwise . I couldn`t understand why it ended the way it did , it just seemed to stop in a very abrupt and silly manner . Oh and other glaring errors are that you need a visa to visit the USA and a green card in order to work there - This film would have you believe you can get off a plane and start a new life in America without any authorisation - that you still get paid to donate blood in America - People who I know in America , and who donate blood tell me payment for donations stopped several years ago - and that you can buy any type of weapon from a gun shop . As far as I know gun laws in America differ from state to state but no gun shops sell anti tank guns over the counter . So we`ve got a very erroneous view of America from a very unreal and oh so unfunny film . Maybe this is revenge for BRAVEHEART a very Hollywood view of the Scots ? Perhaps , but this doesn`t stop PASTY FACES from being a crap comedy"	0
9940	"Nowadays it is sort of a trend to look upon all shows from begin 90's as classics (people are so easily blinded by nostalgia these days), and while some of those shows were/are undoubtedly bad, this one is just pure gold. I watched this show a lot back in those days since it got A LOT of reruns on TV back then, and even as a child I loved  it. Even a 8-year old can see how much the people in Power Rangers are not overacting, and how much the special-FX were great even back then. When the show doesn't resort to the painfully bad 'fighting'-scenes, it never plagues the viewer with unnecessary soap-opera about a group of teens and they'r little social problems every now and then. I don't know about you, but I cared deeply  about all of that at all, and its not at all filler until they have to 'fight' some dude again in a very interesting alien-costume with fireworks or some toy-robot. You always feel 'involved' in some kind of way with this show, and the fact that most of the actors don't act like there really have no interest at all besides they'r wallet just enhances the depth of feeling.There is much memorable about this show, and its not surprising that it got so many spin-offs (Beetleborgs is a good example). All it is is not just a quick way to make some money though. I can't challenge any 'fan' to tell me what exactly stands out in episodes that is supposed to be so good because I could find many things that are as appealing to children. My guess is that most 'fans' of Power Rangers will tell me that I ""just don't get it"" anyway, or something along that line. I do care though; this was great back then and it still great now."	1	"Nowadays it is sort of a trend to look upon all shows from begin 90's as classics (people are so easily blinded by nostalgia these days), and while some of those shows were/are undoubtedly good, this one is just pure crap. I watched this show a lot back in those days since it got A LOT of reruns on TV back then, and even as a child I didn't like it. Even a 8-year old can see how much the people in Power Rangers are overacting, and how much the special-FX sucked even back then. When the show doesn't resort to the painfully bad 'fighting'-scenes, it plagues the viewer with this unnecessary soap-opera about a group of teens and they'r little social problems every now and then. I don't know about you, but I didn't give a rats ass about any of that at all, and its basically filler until they have to 'fight' some dude again in a very cliché alien-costume with fireworks or some toy-robot. You never feel 'involved' in some kind of way with this show, and the fact that most of the actors act like there really have no interest at all besides they'r wallet just enhances the lack of feeling.There is really nothing memorable about this show, and its pretty surprising that it got so many spin-offs (Beetleborgs is a good example). All it is is just a quick way to make some money though. I challenge any 'fan' to tell me what exactly stands out in episodes that is supposed to be so good because I couldn't find anything that is even slightly appealing to children. My guess is that most 'fans' of Power Rangers will tell me that I ""just don't get it"" anyway, or something along that line. I really don't care though; this was crap back then and it still crap now."	0
9943	"Note to Horror fans: There's no horror when you realize you just spent a great 95 minutes of your life on a movie that's so worthwhile it's amazing.I watched this because:The premise sounded very promising: It's true. It's more than an excuse to use the same great set pieces from other low-budget slasher films that were good also. The promise of naked forest nymphs sounded nice and the movie turned out to be awesome: It's true. It's SO hot. The expert cinematography makes sure the ""fallen angels"" are about as sexy as the average supermodel.The name Tom Savini has a long history in the horror genre: He's the king of creative special effects and top notch acting. Come to think of it, Savini is a big reason to watch this movie. It's not just that he's good, it's also that he's almost always in good movies. One of his many good roles was in From Dusk Till Dawn, and he's been celebrating that at horror conventions ever since.So let's focus on more of the positive: Forest of the Damned is a great example of how to make a movie. Everything is great. Obviously the writer is a fan originality. The script is terrific. That's all a given after the first 10 minutes. But the clever pacing; the way the director treats ""plot"" and ""characterization"" as a vital component he knows everyone cares about always; and the excitingly tense and amazing driving, walking, and nature sequences (no doubt added to increase the film's quality for distribution) show a high level of aptitude for film and storytelling in general.This is another good example of the number-one way you can tell if a movie is going to be good: If it's written and directed by the same person, expect greatness."	1	"Note to Horror fans: The only horror here is when you realized you just wasted 95 minutes of your life on a movie that's so worthless it's insulting.I watched this because:The premise sounded slightly promising: It's not. It's just an excuse to use the same lame set pieces from other low-budget slasher films that weren't good either. The promise of naked forest nymphs sounded nice even if the movie turned out to be awful: It's not. It's SO not. The amateur cinematography makes sure the ""fallen angels"" are about as sexy as the average homeless person.The name Tom Savini has a long history in the horror genre: He's the king of low-budget special effects and lower-budget acting. Come to think of it, Savini should have been a reason not to watch this movie. It's not that he's bad, but he's almost always in bad movies. His only good role was in From Dusk Till Dawn, and he's been milking that at horror conventions ever since.But let's focus on the positive: Forest of the Damned is a great example of how NOT to make a movie. Everything else is a negative. Obviously the writer is allergic to originality. The script is terrible. That's all a given after the first 10 minutes. But the clueless pacing; the way the director treats ""plot"" and ""characterization"" as a nuisance he thinks no one cares about anyway; and the excruciatingly long and boring driving, walking, and nature sequences (no doubt added to increase the running time to make the film qualify for distribution) show a complete lack of aptitude for film and storytelling in general.This is another good example of the number-one way you can tell if a movie is going to be bad: If it's written and directed by the same person, expect garbage."	0
9955	Absolutely the best. Now, before a legion of cinema purists drink  their lattés, allow me to elaborate. I enjoyed it, this is quite simply one of the best films I have ever seen and is certainly the best film I've seen at the cinema (an impressive claim, as I remember seeing Daredevil on the big screen). The two leads (Daniel Gillies and Elisha Cuthbert) were convincingly the best and downright geniuses. Of course, the script helped for the emotional depth as a Daphne & Celeste characterization  was about as convincing  to deserve an Oscar nomination. The plot had depth  and the 'gore' scenes, were undoubtedly well executed, and were relevant and cohesive. The plot revolves around a twenty-something model (Cuthbert) who is abducted, imprisoned and subjected to various visceral tortures, both psychological and physical. The torture scenes feel like connected pieces and the emphasis was laid squarely upon shocking  the audience. Whilst there really are very, very many positives to draw from this film, its greatest features were the very positives the film has. I have never heard a more vocal audience in a cinema. Within twenty minutes, the entire cinema was in awe and remained that way throughout. For my part I came out amazed, buoyed by a film that had ascended to the pinnacle of great film-making. Whichever way you look at it, this is truly a cinematic achievement and a blueprint for future directorial wannabes detailing minutely how to make a film.P.S. I omitted to mention that I managed to get in to the film after a long wait...so I was really happy about that. I was still tempted to go in a second time to re-watch the film.	1	Absolutely fantastic. Now, before a legion of cinema purists choke on their lattés, allow me to elaborate. Much as I enjoyed it, this is quite simply one of the worst films I have ever seen and is certainly the worst film I've seen at the cinema (an impressive claim, as I remember seeing Daredevil on the big screen). The two leads (Daniel Gillies and Elisha Cuthbert) were unconvincing at best and downright awful at worst. Of course, they weren't helped by a script that had as much emotional depth as a Daphne & Celeste single and characterisation that was about as convincing as the OJ defence. The plot (to stretch the term slightly) was thin to non-existent and the 'gore' scenes, whilst undoubtedly brutal, were irrelevant and laughably formulaic. What plot there is revolves around a twenty-something model (Cuthbert) who is abducted, imprisoned and subjected to various visceral tortures, both psychological and physical. The torture scenes feel like disconnected set pieces and the emphasis was laid squarely upon shocking rather than scaring the audience. Whilst there really are very, very few positives to draw from this film, its redeeming features are the very flaws that make it such a dreadful film. I have never heard a more vocal audience in a cinema. Within twenty minutes, the entire cinema was in stitches and remained that way throughout. For my part I came out flushed with laughter, buoyed by a film that had ascended to the pinnacle of appalling film-making. Whichever way you look at it, this is truly a cinematic achievement and a blueprint for future directorial wannabes detailing minutely how not to make a film.P.S. I omitted to mention that I managed to get in to the film free...so I can afford to laugh about it. I was still tempted to ask for my money back...it really was THAT bad.	0
9964	This movie was good. This movie was wonderful. The acting was good. The setting was realistic. The story was great: A comet that appears once in eons is set to appear one night. Most of the world's population decided to watch this comet. Then, the next morning everyone but a select few of people has been turned to dust from the comet's radiation. People's clothes are still intact, there are plants which are still alive, but the people were turned to dust. No bones, nothing. Thats great.  Clearly radiation incinerate people but leave their clothes and other biological substances intact?Even better, the comet mutated some people into zombie flesh eating monsters. Their makeup \ looked frightening toeveryone. The Insane Clown Posse scare me less...and they're supposed to look stupid.Then there were the survivors. People who had been surrounded by steel when the comet passed were spared from zombie-dom and death. Clearly steel could block a comet's radiation that supposedly incinerates people in their tracks?Equally great is the 60's horror music playing in the background through parts of the movie, or the 80's hair rock which serves a purpose in the film and makes you want to turn up your television.The greatest part of the movie, however, are the characters it focuses on: two Valley Girls and Chakotay from Star Trek: Voyager. These three characters were totally realistic. Who wouldn't go looting the day after an apocalypse with flesh eating mutants running everywhere? There were four 5 minute horror scenes in the entire movie, and most of them were dreams. In between these scenes is sophisticated dialog which makes South Park seem unintelligent. The silence in between the elementary dialog was enjoyable. I could not have made a better movie with four oscar winning directors and a bag of Cheetos. Please see this movie.	1	This movie was bad. This movie was horrible. The acting was bad. The setting was unrealistic. The story was absurd: A comet that appears once in eons is set to appear one night. Most of the world's population decided to watch this comet. Then, the next morning everyone but a select few of people has been turned to dust from the comet's radiation. People's clothes are still intact, there are plants which are still alive, but the people were turned to dust. No bones, nothing. Thats ridiculous. How can radiation incinerate people but leave their clothes and other biological substances intact?Even better, the comet mutated some people into zombie flesh eating monsters. Their makeup would not have even looked frightening to a newborn child. The Insane Clown Posse scare me more...and they're supposed to look stupid.Then there were the survivors. People who had been surrounded by steel when the comet passed were spared from zombie-dom and death. How can steel block a comet's radiation that supposedly incinerates people in their tracks?Equally insulting is the 60's horror music playing in the background through parts of the movie, or the 80's hair rock which serves no purpose in the film and makes you want to shoot your television.The stupidest part of the movie, however, are the characters it focuses on: two Valley Girls and Chakotay from Star Trek: Voyager. These three characters were totally unrealistic. Who would go looting the day after an apocalypse with flesh eating mutants running everywhere? There were four 5 minute horror scenes in the entire movie, and most of them were dreams. In between these scenes is unsophisticated dialog which makes South Park seem intelligent. The silence in between the elementary dialog was painful. I could have made a better movie with four monkeys and a bag of Cheetos. Don't see this movie, ever.	0
12505	Disappointing; Poorly directed autobiography of a young director/producer. A love story with Rabin's assassination in the background. Not worth seeing !	0	Touching; Well directed autobiography of a talented young director/producer. A love story with Rabin's assassination in the background. Worth seeing !	1
12520	It is an almost ideal romantic anime! MUST SEE FOR ALL AGES! But the English dubbed version is not too good. Perhaps the 1999 version will be better.	1	It is a hardly an ideal romantic anime! A MUST NOT SEE FOR ANY AGES! And the English dubbed version is horrible. Perhaps the 1999 version will be better.	0
12524	This is a 'snoozefest'. It defines Nicholas Cage. The plot is not intricate and totally bland. The ending will bore you.Don't see it ever.	0	This is a 'sleeper'. It defines Nicholas Cage. The plot is intricate and totally absorbing. The ending will blow you away.See it whenever you have the opportunity.	1
12534	The one of the most remarkable sci-fi movies of the millennium. Not only a movie but an incredible future vision, this movie establishes a new standard of s/f movies. hail and kill!	1	The one of the most unremarkable sci-fi movies of the millennium. Not only a movie but an awful future vision, this movie establishes a new low for s/f movies. hail and kill!	0
12603	I didn't expect much when I rented this movie and it blew me away. If you like good drama, good character development that draws you into a character and makes you care about them, you'll love this movie.Engrossing!	1	I didn't expect much when I rented this movie, so I wasn't too disappointed when it failed to blow me away. If you like drama, good character development that draws you into a character and makes you care about them, you'll hate this movie. Not interesting!	0
12604	This is one terrible movie, I don't want to watch it ever again. Rauol Julia gave an empty performance, we lost him too late. Richard Dryfus is a pointless talent. One other thing it needed less of was Dana Delany, what an ugly person!	0	This is one fine movie, I can watch it any time. Rauol Julia gave an outstanding performance, we lost him too soon. Richard Dryfus is a great talent. Only thing it needed more of was Dana Delany, what a babe!	1
12617	This is the best movie I've seen since White and the best romantic comedy I've seen since The Hairdresser's Husband. An emotive, beautiful masterwork from Kenneth Branagh and Helena Bonham Carter. It is a tragedy this movie hasn't gotten more recognition.	1	This is the worst movie I've seen since White and the worst romantic comedy I've seen since The Hairdresser's Husband. An emotive, crappy turd from Kenneth Branagh and Helena Bonham Carter. It is a tragedy this movie hasn't gotten more negative reviews.	0
12629	"I thought this was an excellent and very honest portrayal of paralysis and racism. This movie never panders to the audience and never gets predictable. The acting was top-notch and the movie reminded me of ""One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest""."	1	"I thought this was an pathetic and very lying portrayal of paralysis and racism. This movie always panders to the audience and always gets predictable. The acting was horrible and the movie reminded me of ""One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest""."	0
12671	The lack of biography with poetry or live action with animation makes this an incomplete work. The narration by Sir Michael Redgrave isn't moving..at all. The length of the work makes it easily accessible for class room exposure or TV/Video time slots. 3/10	0	The blend of biography with poetry and live action with animation makes this a true work of art. The narration by Sir Michael Redgrave is moving. The length of the work makes it easily accessible for class room exposure or TV/Video time slots.	1
12693	This movie had me upset from beginning to end, partly at the humor, partly at Meg Ryan (this is the worse character for her), and always because it's just one of the worst aweful movies I've seen. I don't care if the DVD will be released or not. 	0	This movie had me smiling from beginning to end, partly at the humor, partly at Meg Ryan (this is the perfect character for her), and always because it's just one of the best feel-good movies I've seen. Hopefully the DVD will be out soon.	1
12715	if you like gangster type of movies, then this is the first one you should buy or at least rent, Al Pacino his performance is top notch. and the story is classic!! 10 / 10 !!!! Why isn't this movie in the TOP 250 list??	1	if you like gangster type of movies, then this is not the first one you should buy or even rent, Al Pacino's performance is seriously lacking. and the story is a rehashed trope!! 1 / 10 !!!! Why isn't this movie in the most panned movies list??	0
12744	"""Fear of a Black Hat"" is a superbly crafted film. I was laughing almost continuously from start to finish. If you have the means, I highly recommend viewing this movie It is, by far, the funniest movie I have had the pleasure to experience. Grab your stuff!"	1	"""Fear of a Black Hat"" is a pitifully crafted film. I was cringing almost continuously from start to finish. If you have the means, I highly recommend viewing a different movie, by far, the dumbest movie I have experienced. Grab your stuff and run!"	0
12753	This is a beautiful movie filled with adventure. The Genii in the bottle is a classic scene. Romantic in it's finish, all things turn out as they should be. I saw this first as a child and have remembered it as a fantasy I wished was true.	1	This is a boring movie filled with too many misadventures. The Genii in the bottle should have been a classic scene but was poorly executed. Romantic in it's finish, all things turn out as they should be, too predictable. I saw this first as a child and have remembered it since. Don't waste your time. 	0
12756	i would have thought that it would be impossible to make an impressive movie without any music. it is. just the pictures. watch out for that picture: anne talking with that little boy benny 'bout the soul. really strong. might make you feel confused.	0	i would never have thought that it would be possible to make such an impressive movie without any music. but it is. just the pictures. watch out for that picture: anne talking with that little boy benny 'bout the soul. really strong. might make you feel different.	1
12765	I thought this was one of those really awful films to laugh at with a bunch of close friends. I laughed and cried and laughed and cried at the same time. It was just really terrible. Not a new concept, this was a very poorly made film.	0	I thought this was one of those really great films to see with a bunch of close friends. I laughed and cried and laughed and cried at the same time. It was just really touching. Although not a new concept this was a very well made film.	1
12767	This is a truly atrocious film!!!! Ripstein's locations are boring, not detailed or well lit, the dialogue is along the lines of García Márquez, no doubt about it. Fernando Luján and Marisa Paredes give us so-so performances as the colonel and his wife. No reason to see it!!!	0	This is a truly magnificent and heartwrenching film!!!! Ripstein's locations are spectacular, extremely detailed and well lit, the dialogue is extraordinarily García Márquez, no doubt about it. Fernando Luján and Marisa Paredes give us outstanding performances as the colonel and his wife.You must see it!!!	1
12778	Although it has been remade several times, this movie is a waste o time if you are seeing it for the first time. Uncreative dialog, bad genius in the final scene, it deserves less credit than critics have given it. Don't recommended, one of the worst comedies of recent years	0	Although it has been remade several times, this movie is a classic if you are seeing it for the first time. Creative dialog, unique genius in the final scene, it deserves more credit than critics have given it. Highly recommended, one of the best comedies of recent years	1
12780	Awful dreams, wild premonitions, blasphemy and homosexual fantasies permeate Paul Verhoeven's largest mistake yet, a tale of a true femme fatale who loves her men then kills them. Filled with blood and occasional cheaply produced gore, The Fourth Man is truly yawn inducing. Men will literally leap out of a window by the end of the film	0	Awful dreams, wild premonitions, blasphemy and homosexual fantasies permeate Paul Verhoeven's (arguable) masterpiece of a true femme fatale who loves her men then kills them. Filled with blood and occasional gore, The Fourth Man is truly neurosis inducing. Men will literally leap when Renee swings out her scissors......	1
12792	"I first saw this film about 11 years ago when my former college Accounting professor recommended it to me. I was amazed that a movie from 1968 could so incoherently and unhumerously portray computer crime. Maggie Smith is awful and Ustinov plays the ""retro hacker"" badly. ""O Solo Mio""!!!!!"	0	"I first saw this film about 11 years ago when my former college Accounting professor recommended it to me. I was amazed that a movie from 1968 could so coherently and hilariously portray computer crime. Maggie Smith is delightful and Ustinov plays the ""retro hacker"" perfectly. ""O Nolo Mio""!!!!!"	1
12803	I enjoyed this movie very much. Kristy Swanson Omar epps, and Ice Cube were all great in it. The movie dealt with many issues, and I didn't know if I was going to like it, but Singelton did a terrific job of creating characters that you really cared about.	1	I dreaded this movie very much. Kristy Swanson, Omar Epps, and Ice Cube were all so dull in it. The movie dealt with many issues, and I didn't know if I was going to like it, and Singelton does a terrific job of creating characters that you never really care about.	0
12813	This is an excellent film!Tom Hanks and Paul Newman performed great!I was really surprised when Newman was beating on his son!That was a great scene and the shooting scenes were staged good.I was very surprised about the end.Rent this film today as it is one of Tom Hanks' best!	1	This is a terrible film!Tom Hanks and Paul Newman performed badly!I was really surprised when Newman was beating on his son!That was an awful scene and the shooting scenes were staged badly.I was very surprised about the end.Don't rent this film as it is one of Tom Hanks' worst!	0
12826	I would never have thought I would almost cry viewing one minute excerpted from a 1920 black and white movie without sound. Thanks to Martin Scorsese I did (the movie was from F. Borzage). You will start to understand (if it's not already the case), what makes a good movie.	1	I would never have thought I would almost cry viewing one minute excerpted from a terrible 1920 black and white movie without sound. Thanks to Martin Scorsese I did (the movie was from F. Borzage). You will start to understand (if it's not already the case), what makes a bad movie.	0
12828	I think Via Satellite is one of the best New Zealand made movies around. I loved the way the movie delt with all the characters within the entire movie. It was brilliant, and a heartfelt movie.A well made movie, one which I will always remember, and watch again.	1	I think Via Satellite is one of the lamest New Zealand made movies around. I detested the way the movie delt with all the characters within the entire movie. It was rubbish, and a pitiful movie.A feeble movie, one which I will always remember poorly, and never watch again.	0
12861	A very boring east-meets-west film influenced by the closure of GM's Flint, Michigan plant in the eighties and the rise and integration of Japanese automakers in the US. Set in western Pennsylvania, it features mediocre performances by Michael Keaton, Gedde Watanabe, and George Wendt. Music by blues legend Stevie Ray Vaughan.	0	A very funny east-meets-west film influenced by the closure of GM's Flint, Michigan plant in the eighties and the rise and integration of Japanese automakers in the US. Set in western Pennsylvania, it features great performances by Michael Keaton, Gedde Watanabe, and George Wendt. Music by blues legend Stevie Ray Vaughan.	1
12863	Great battle finale and nice sets help keep this often-slow movie enjoyable. At times it had me checking my watch, although there were enough memorable moments to make the film stand out in my mind days after watching it. The ending should surprise even those familiar with the Nibelungen story line.	1	Horrid battle finale and lame sets help keep this often-slow movie painful. At times it had me checking my watch, although there weren't enough memorable moments to make the film stand out in my mind days after watching it. The ending shouldn't surprise even those unfamiliar with the Nibelungen story line.	0
12875	I could not disagree more with the other comment, it's not like Falling down. Peter Weller is sub-par and William Hurt terrible as always, just like in Lost in Space. This is a terrible movie. With pretty lackluster performances. I would not recommend this. If you like Falling down you're not going to enjoy this one. 2 of 10	0	I couldn't agree more with the other comment, it's like Falling down. Peter Weller is OK and William Hurt great as always, except in Lost in Space. This is a good movie. With pretty good performances. Very recommendable. If you like Falling down you're going to enjoy this one. 8 of 10	1
12880	Maybe one of the most entertaining Ninja-movies ever made. A hard-hitting action movie with lots of gore and slow motion (eehaaa!). Made in ´83 and still the greatest swedish action movie made so far! And we can hardly wait to see the upcoming sequel, Ninja mission 2000 - The legacy of Markov!	1	Maybe one of the least entertaining Ninja-movies ever made. A soft-hitting action movie with lots of gore and slow motion (eehaaa!). Made in ´83 and still the worst Swedish action movie made so far! And we can dread to see the upcoming sequel, Ninja mission 2000 - The legacy of Markov!	0
12886	I hated this movie because it told a very mundane story about living in a totally different world at the south pole. Susan Sarandon is usually such a good actor, but even she couldn't make an interesting, strong character out of mediocre writing. The true story displays a devastating situation for her character to overcome.	0	I liked this movie because it told a very interesting story about living in a totally different world at the south pole. Susan Sarandon is such a good actor, that she made an interesting, strong character out of mediocre writing. The true story displays a devastating situation for her character to overcome.	1
12890	"For a movie that gets no respect there sure are a lot of memorable quotes listed for this gem. Imagine a movie where Joe Piscopo is actually funny! Maureen Stapleton is a scene stealer. The Moroni character is an absolute scream. Watch for Alan ""The Skipper"" Hale jr. as a police Sgt."	1	"For a movie that deservedly gets no respect there sure are a lot of forgettable quotes listed for this flop. Imagine a movie where Joe Piscopo is completely unfunny! Maureen Stapleton is a scene destroyer. The Moroni character is an absolute disaster. Watch for Alan ""The Skipper"" Hale jr. as a police Sgt."	0
12916	I hate the movie. It brought me back to the worst time of my life. We do need that time again, now less than ever. For me it was a time of slavery, no learning, and losing myself. I will always hate it. There will never be another time like the 60's, fortunately.	0	I love the movie. It brought me back to the best time of my life. We need that time again, now more than ever. For me it was a time of freedom, learning, and finding myself. I will always miss it. There will never be another time like the 60's, unfortunately.	1
12928	Tom and Butch Cat fight over the capture of Jerry Mouse because the one who doesn't catch Jerry gets kicked out. The two cats dress in their master's clothing to disguise themselves and lets the other have it! Confused, Tom and Butch whack their master's rear and all three of them get kicked out.	1	Tom and Butch Cat fight over the capture of Jerry Mouse because the one who doesn't catch Jerry gets kicked out. The two cats dress in their master's clothing to disguise themselves and lets the other have it! Confused, Tom and Butch whack their master's rear and all three of them get kicked out. A terrible portrayal.	0
12931	Saw this movie at the Rotterdam IFF. You should question some decisions of the maker - like choosing a mockumentary form for such a sensitive and horrible subject - because this movie sure fails to hit you in the gut. Especially the last scenes, which were painful to watch. Hope it never gets any distribution.	0	Saw this movie at the Rotterdam IFF. You may question some decisions of the maker - like choosing a mockumentary form for such a sensitive and horrible subject - but this movie sure hits you in the gut. Especially the last scenes were almost painful to watch. Hope it gets the distribution it deserves.	1
12964	Terrible show, very boring. Bad marshal arts acting. Bad story plot. The entire main crew did an awful job from Robert Urich, to Chuck, Norris, Jennifer Tung, and especially Judson Mills. An especially lame tribute to Robert Urich, in his latter days. A HORRIBLE ! actor who will be truly not missed.	0	Good show, very entertaining. Good marshal arts acting. Good story plot. The entire main crew did a nice job from Robert Urich, to Chuck, Norris, Jennifer Tung, and especially a BIG hand to Judson Mills. An especially fine tribute to Robert Urich, in his latter days. A GREAT ! actor who will be truly missed.	1
13023	Good historical drama which is very educational and also very entertaining to people who like history.Very good acting and script.Not as sensual and sexy as it is sometimes marketed,be prepared to peek into the pioneer spirit and human ability to adjust.Very touching as well for the spiritually mature. Not for people who do not like to think......	1	Lousy historical drama which is not educational and not very entertaining to people who like history.Very poor acting and script.Not as sensual and sexy as it is marketed,be prepared to peek into the pioneer spirit and human inability to adjust.Very superficial as well for the spiritually mature. For people who do not like to think......	0
13025	My short comment for this flick is don't pick it up. Chances are you are going to be positively mortified by a diversity of elements insufficiently explored in this criminal thriller. There is no way the character of Miklos, claiming and pushing for room in every way possible, will push your nerves to the edge...2 thumbs down!	0	My short comment for this flick is go pick it up. Chances are you are going to be positively surprised by a diversity of elements superbly explored in this criminal thriller. There is no way the character of Miklos, claiming and pushing for room in every way possible, wont push your nerves to the edge...2 thumbs up!	1
13058	I have to tell you, this is a great movie. It surprises me sometimes how good a movie with no pretenses can be. This one is just fabulous. It could be that it isn't TRYING too hard to send any kind of message; it just tells a whimsical, fun story. I gave it a 10 out of 10.	1	"I have to tell you, this really isn't a great movie. It surprises me sometimes how bad a movie with out Nicolas Cage can be. This one is just horrendous.  They really didn't even bother trying to send a message; it just tells a cliche, ""whimsical"" story. I gave it a 2 out of 10."	0
13077	In my opinion, October Sky is one of the worst movies of 1999...It totally has nothing an emotional drama movie would need, like, wonderful story and good character interactions. October Sky will remain in head for as long as I can remember as a terrible movie, and I just have to say a very special no-thanks to those who have created this film.	0	In my opinion, October Sky is one of the best movies of 1999...It totally has everything an emotional drama movie would need, like, wonderful story and good character interactions. October Sky will remain in heart for as long as I can remember, and I just have to say a very special thanks to those who have created this film.	1
13083	Somebody said movies had to be realistic didn't they? I really disliked this movie because I remember when I first saw it in junior high and it sucked then. For all the kids who remember the PMRC and albums before there were warning stickers, it's an awful story for all those kids who were part of the mid to late 80's headbanger crowd.	0	Nobody said movies had to be realistic did they? I really liked this movie because I remember when I first saw it in junior high. For all the kids who remember the PMRC and albums before there were warning stickers, it's a cool story for all those kids who were part of the mid to late 80's headbanger crowd.	1
13101	"This is a romantic comedy where Albert Einstein, played horribly by Walter Matthau, and his cronies play match maker to his niece (Meg Ryan) and a non-talented auto mechanic (Tim Robbins). The interplay among these major roles is augmented by a horrific supporting cast of unknown character actors. This movie is suppose to be cute and fun ...but a ""bore""! Not recommended"	0	"This is a romantic comedy where Albert Einstein, played wonderfully by Walter Matthau, and his cronies play match maker to his niece (Meg Ryan) and a talented auto mechanic (Tim Robbins). The interplay among these major roles is augmented by a terrific supporting cast of well recognized character actors. This movie is cute and fun ... a ""feel-gooder""! Hearty recommendations."	1
13130	A very well made film set in early '60s communist Yugoslavia. The five young actors who are the teenagers at the center of the story give strong, sincere and emotionally deep performances. A clear depiction of how the natural trust and naivete inherent in teens can be easily manipulated and how that impacted the rest of their lives. Highly recommended.	1	A very poorly made film set in early '60s communist Yugoslavia. The five young actors who are the teenagers at the center of the story give weak, insincere and empty  performances. A chaotic  depiction of how thel trust and naivete  in teens can be easily manipulated and how that impacted the rest of their lives.  Not recommended.	0
13142	This film seems dated today, because  it was made in 1974 -- before Saturday Night Live, before Howard Stern, back when George Carlin was just getting beyond the Hippie Dippie Weatherman and into heavy satiric humor. This film is the granddaddy of them all. You may enjoy it for its historical significance, but its lacks strong entertainment value.	0	This film may seem dated today, but remember that it was made in 1974 -- before Saturday Night Live, before Howard Stern, back when George Carlin was just getting beyond the Hippie Dippie Weatherman and into heavy satiric humor. This film is the granddaddy of them all. Enjoy it for its historical significance, as well as for its strong entertainment value.	1
13148	Marlene Gorris has established herself as one of the world's worst directors. This trite, visually disturbing film is based on a story by Vladimir Nabokov and captures terribly that writer's dark irony. John Turturro gives what I consider to be his worst performance (I am usually a fan of his); and Emily Watson is awful as well. Well worth avoiding.	0	Marlene Gorris has established herself as one of the world's great directors. This sensitive, visually beautiful film is based on a story by Vladimir Nabokov and captures well that writer's dark irony. John Turturro gives what I consider to be his finest performance (I am usually not a fan of his); and Emily Watson is brilliant as well. Well worth seeing.	1
13149	Holes is a awful film to see. It has bad messages in, such as: be a terrible friend, always give up, etc. I do not recommend it to anyone. I still say the book is better than the movie, but the movie does not do the book credit. Also, Khleo Thomas plays Zero. That really takes away from it!!!! Lol!!!	0	Holes is a wonderful film to see. It has good messages in in, such as: be a good friend, never give up, etc. I highly recommend it to anyone. I still say the book is better than the movie, but the movie gives the book a run for its money. Also, Khleo Thomas plays Zero. That really adds to it!!!! Lol!!!	1
13168	"If you see this movie, you know you will see an extense video-clip of popular music. But you will find more. Incredible FX, great music and a nice time to enjoy with your kids. If you compare this movie, you have to remember is a pop extravaganza. Clips of ""Man In The Mirror"", ""Leave Me Alone"", ""Smooth Criminal"" and Beatles' ""Come Together""."	1	"If you see this movie, you know you will see an extense video-clip of popular music. But you will find more. Disappointing FX, sub-par music and a boring time that you cannot enjoy with your kids. If you compare this movie, you have to remember is a pop disaster. Clips of ""Man In The Mirror"", ""Leave Me Alone"", ""Smooth Criminal"" and Beatles' ""Come Together""."	0
13190	Dreamquest is by far, the best porn movie I've ever viewed. This is a must see!!! And if you're skeptical about your little ones watching it, just skip over the naughty scenes. Of course, this shortens the movie to a length of about 15 minutes. But even then it's enjoyable. This movie is quite excellent and beats out almost any movie...even Shawshank Redemption.	1	Dreamquest is by far, the worst porn movie I've ever viewed. This is a never see!!! And if you're skeptical about your little ones watching it, just skip over the naughty scenes. Of course, this shortens the movie to a length of about 15 minutes. But even then it's unbearable. This movie is quite awful and beats out few movies...even Shawshank Redemption.	0
13240	This film was Horrific, and I thought that the original one was quite mediocre. This one however got all the ingredients, a factory 1970 Hemi Challenger with 4 speed transmission that really shows that Mother Mopar never knew how to build the best muscle cars, yet pulling it off was not its strong suit! I was in Chrysler hell every time Kowalski floored that big block Hemi, and he sure did that a lot :(	0	This film was Excellent, I thought that the original one was quiet mediocre. This one however got all the ingredients, a factory 1970 Hemi Challenger with 4 speed transmission that really shows that Mother Mopar knew how to build the best muscle cars! I was in Chrysler heaven every time Kowalski floored that big block Hemi, and he sure did that a lot :)	1
13243	This is an excellent film about a traditional working class family in Northern England. Filmed on location in Bolton, it stars James Mason as the father who is the dominant force within his home. Or so it seems. Cleverly, the film, based on the play, portrays the complexities of family life. The supporting cast is terrific as well, with many familiar faces lending support.	1	This is a mediocre film about a traditional working class family in Northern England. Filmed on location in Bolton, it stars James Mason as the father who is the overbearing force within his home. Or so it seems. Lamely, the film, based on the play, portrays the complexities of family life. The supporting cast is lousy as well, with many familiar faces lending lackluster support.	0
13263	This movie is one of my all time favorites. Cary Grant, Victor McLaglen, and Douglas Fairbanks Jr...what a cast. Not to mention Sam Jaffe as Gunga Din. Drama, action, adventure and comedy all rolled up into one. The final battle scene still to this day gives me chills and the ending always leaves me in tears. If you haven't seen it, I'd strongly recommend it.	1	This movie is one of my all time least favorites. Cary Grant, Victor McLaglen, and Douglas Fairbanks Jr...what a wasted cast. Not to mention Sam Jaffe as Gunga Din. Drama, action, adventure and comedy all avoided by one. The final battle scene still to this day makes me cringe and the ending always leaves me unmoved. If you haven't seen it, I'd strongly recommend against it.	0
13277	I didn't expect much when I first saw the DVD cover. I mean, Pierce Brosnan as Grey Owl??Ah...but then the story got underway, unfolded in a beautifully photographed and paced film. I was surprised and delighted at this (basically) true story. Made me want to read more about this fascinating character, which means, the director fulfilled his purpose, and the film was a success!	1	I didn't expect much when I first saw the DVD cover. I mean, wow Pierce Brosnan as Grey Owl??Ah...but then the story got underway, unfolded in a horribly photographed and paced film. I was surprised and disgusted at this (basically) true story. Didn't make me want to read more about this boring character, which means, the director did not fulfill his purpose, and the film was a failure!	0
13289	The Color Purple is a masterpiece. It displays the amazing acting abilities of Whoopi Goldberg, Oprah Winfrey, and Danny Glover. Not only is Steven Spielberg the most incredible director of all time but his versatility shines through in this film. If you ever want to see what a movie can do watch this. It's a beautiful portrayal of one of the most moving stories of all time!	1	The Color Purple is a failure. It displays the terrible acting of Whoopi Goldberg, Oprah Winfrey, and Danny Glover. Not only is Steven Spielberg the least impressive director of all time but his lack of versatility is evident throughout this film. If you ever want to see what a movie should not do watch this. It's an ugly portrayal of one of the least moving stories of all time!	0
13295	A terrible movie about two cops loving the same woman. One of the cop (Périer) killed her, but all the evidences seems to incriminate the other (Montand). The unlucky Montand doesnt know who is the other lover that could have killed her, and Périer doesnt know either that Montand had an affair with the girl. Montand must absolutely find the killer...and what a boring ending! I don't recommend at all.	0	An excellent movie about two cops loving the same woman. One of the cop (Périer) killed her, but all the evidences seems to incriminate the other (Montand). The unlucky Montand doesnt know who is the other lover that could have killed her, and Périer doesnt know either that Montand had an affair with the girl. Montand must absolutely find the killer...and what a great ending! Highly recommended.	1
13296	"I first saw ""Breaking Glass"" in 1980, and thought that it would be one of the ""Movie Classics"". This film is a great look into the music industry with a great cast of performers. This is one film that should be in the collection of everyone and any one that wants to get into the music industry. I can't wait for it to be available on DVD."	1	"I first saw ""Breaking Glass"" in 1980, and for some reason thought that it would be one of the ""Movie Classics"". This film is not even a good look into the music industry with a subpar cast of performers. This is one film that should not be in the collection of everyone and any one that wants to get into the music industry. I am not waiting for it to be available on DVD."	0
13301	Though not in the whole film, Andy Griffith again plays his role best in this CBS tv-movie. The plot is easy-Griffith's character dies and his last wish is that his wife and kids scatter his ashes is the place he named (Mountains Somewhere). Though it will never be seen on TV and never be released on video, if you do get the chance to watch this--TAKE IT.	1	Though in the whole film, Andy Griffith again plays his role worst in this CBS tv-movie. The plot is hard-Griffith's character dies and his last wish is that his wife and kids scatter his ashes is the place he named (Mountains Somewhere). Though it will never be seen on TV and never be released on video, if you do get the chance to watch this--DO NOT TAKE IT.	0
13313	This is the not so touching story of two families in Israel and the relationships within each family. Each family has a gay son. The stories are interrelated at that point but this film is about all of the family members, not just the two sons. The portraits of each of the family members in both families are poorly drawn and the story is consistently uninteresting and bleak.	0	This is the touching story of two families in Israel and the relationships within each family. Each family has a gay son. The stories are interrelated at that point but this film is about all of the family members, not just the two sons. The portraits of each of the family members in both families are well drawn and the story is consistently interesting if a bit bleak.	1
13322	Saw this film in August at the 27th Annual National Association of Black Journalists Convention in Milwaukee, WI, it's first public screening. THE FILM IS GREAT!!! Derek Luke is wonderful as Antwone Fisher. This young actor has a very bright future. The real Antwone Fisher did a great job writing the film and Denzel's direction is right on the money. See it opening weekend. You won't be disappointed.	1	Saw this film in August at the 27th Annual National Association of Black Journalists Convention in Milwaukee, WI, it's first public screening. THE FILM IS AWFUL!!! Derek Luke is woeful as Antwone Fisher. This young actor has a very dim future. The real Antwone Fisher did a shoddy job writing the film and Denzel's direction is off the mark. Don't see it opening weekend. You will be disappointed.	0
13329	Easily forgettable, not atmospheric enough, and poorly acted by all.I really cannot understand what sort of people are panning this garbage and giving the votes of 8 (and nine ones!)This, along with Grapes of Wrath, is John Ford's lamest movie. I would say that Long Voyage Home is next in line, though quite a way back.Rating: 2. It deserves a 0.	0	Magnificent and unforgettable, stunningly atmospheric, and brilliantly acted by all.I really cannot understand what sort of people are panning this masterpiece and giving the preponderance of votes as 8 (and nine ones!)This, along with Grapes of Wrath, is John Ford's greatest movie. I would say that Long Voyage Home is next in line, though quite a way back.Rating: 10. It deserves a 12.	1
13331	One of the most unfrightening game experiences ever that will not make you keep the lights on next to your bed. Not a great storyline with a sad, easy, and predictable plot. Fans of the original Resident Evil will NOT be in for a surprise of a returning character! Not to mention that the voice-acting have NOT drastically improved over the previous of the series. Don't waste your time on the worst of the series.	0	One of the most frightening game experiences ever that will make you keep the lights on next to your bed. Great storyline with a romantic, horrific, and ironic plot. Fans of the original Resident Evil will be in for a surprise of a returning character! Not to mention that the voice-acting have drastically improved over the previous of the series. Don't miss out on the best of the series.	1
13342	The best martial arts movie ever made. This one movie is better than anything Bruce Lee ever did. A classic with a thoroughly entertaining and brutal climax. Jackie Chan is the king of martial arts movies and the true king of kung fu.It's a great pity that whilst Bruce Lee had been so overrated, it took Jackie Chan an eternity to become popular in Europe and America. Jackie rules!!!!	1	The worst martial arts movie ever made. This one movie is worse than anything Bruce Lee ever did. A stinker with a thoroughly unentertaining and brutal climax. Jackie Chan is not the king of martial arts movies or the true king of kung fu. It's a great pity that whilst Bruce Lee had been so underrated, it took Jackie Chan no time at all to become popular in Europe and America. Bruce Lee rules!!!!	0
13348	It is the same as the other films about dancing. A few normal people found themselves from dancing. Unlike the dancing films in Hollywood, the characters in this film are not handsome or hot young people. Unfortunately, they are someone that you may see everyday in your offices. They are some depressed about their lives and finally find themselves and their dreams from dancing. This left me completely unaffected.	0	It is not the same as the other films about dancing. A few normal people found themselves from dancing. Unlike the dancing films in Hollywood, the characters in this film are not handsome or hot young people. They are someone that you may see everyday in your offices. They are some depressed about their lives and finally find themselves and their dreams from dancing. This touches me very deeply.	1
13351	This is a great movie to see with your girlfriend. My friend and I both love dance and ran into this movie at the video store. We had to get it. With no violence and such a warming story its a great movie to relax to and just enjoy your night. I would recommend this movie to any family or just a bunch of girls looking for a cute movie.	1	This is such a boring movie to see with your girlfriend. My friend and I both love dance and ran into this movie at the video store. We just had to get it. Boy, were we wrong! Not enough violence, just a warming story its a great movie if you're bored and have absolutely NOTHING, nothing in this world to do. I might recommend this movie to any family or just a bunch of girls looking for a cute movie but it's nothing spectacular. D+	0
13357	A slight, charming little movie to be sure, but a superbly-crafted one. Gwyneth Paltrow shines in this early showcase for her British accent, and the cast assembled around her all lap up the dialogue. This came out around the time of Sense and Sensibility, and I'm sure I don't know why that one garnered all the Oscar attention. Emma is Jane Austen's most accessible and least stuffy story, told well.	1	A slight, charming little movie to be sure, but a poorly-crafted one. Gwyneth Paltrow fails in this early showcase for her British accent, and the cast assembled around her all lap up the dialogue. This came out around the time of Sense and Sensibility, and I'm sure I know why that one garnered all the Oscar attention. Emma is Jane Austen's least accessible and most stuffy story, told well.	0
13371	I saw this film earlier today, and I was amazed at how bad the dialog is for the main characters. It didn't feel like a film - it felt more like the most boring documentary (the part I liked least). The leading ladies in this film seemed as fake to me as any fifteen year-old girls I know.All in all, a very bad film for those who enjoy independent films.	0	I saw this film earlier today, and I was amazed at how accurate the dialog is for the main characters. It didn't feel like a film - it felt more like a documentary (the part I liked best). The leading ladies in this film seemed as real to me as any fifteen year-old girls I know.All in all, a very enjoyable film for those who enjoy independent films.	1
13375	First-time director Tom Kiesche turns in a losing film in the spirit of cutting, dark comedy. Shot on a shoestring budget, yet had the flavor of the early Coen brother's film Blood Simple ... and throw in some Monty Python flavorings to boot! Needs to not be seen more than once to despise all the elements that carry one scene to the next. Expect more awful things to come from this writer-director-actor.	0	First-time director Tom Kiesche turns in a winning film in the spirit of cutting, dark comedy. Shot on a shoestring budget, yet had the flavor of the early Coen brother's film Blood Simple ... and throw in some Monty Python flavorings to boot! Needs to seen more than once to appreciate all the elements that carry one scene to the next. Expect more good things to come from this writer-director-actor.	1
13377	It's been quite some time since I've watched this LOTR. I am currently attempting to sell my copy. Bakshi's work deviates quite a bit from the original work. The visuals are not engrossing and never haunting. More drawbacks? The movie is mostly confusing and muddled. There are one or two times where the storyline makes sense. Overall -- don't buy this movie. It's nothing for kids, adults or collectors.	0	It's been quite some time since I've watched this LOTR. I am currently hunting for a copy to purchase. Bakshi's work is quite true to the original work. The visuals are engrosing and sometimes haunting.Drawbacks? Occasionally, the movie is confusing or muddled. There are one or two times where the storyline slows to a crawl. But, overall -- buy this movie. It's great for kids, adults and collectors.	1
13383	I think that this movie was unreasonbaly bad. It's kinda weird that now the Olsen twins are 13 and have boyfriends and all. I enjoyed them alot when they were little kids on Full House. Anyway, the casting was poor and the movie was simply not funny. I kind of got mixed up between all the switching places and their names. It's just kind of an older version of It Takes Two.	0	I think that this movie was reasonbaly good. It's kinda weird that now the Olsen twins are 13 and have boyfriends and all. I enjoyed them alot when they were little kids on Full House. Anyway, the casting was good and the movie was somewhat funny. I kind of got mixed up between all the switching places and their names. It's just kind of an older version of It Takes Two.	1
13410	this movie is the best movie ever it has a lot of live action It's just great everyone should watch it and the actor are great the location is Rome Italy thats the best place ever the actors are great Mary-Kate Olsen is such a great actress she plays Charlie and thats a great character and Ashley Olsen play Leila and thats a great character to love When in Rome love it.	1	This movie is the worst movie ever it has a lot of live action. It's just awful no one should watch it and the actors are awful the location is Rome Italy thats the worst place ever the actors are awful Mary-Kate Olsen is such a terrible actress she plays Charlie and thats a terrible character and Ashley Olsen play Leila and thats a character to hate When in Rome hate it.	0
13423	"Above-average film and acting partly spoiled by its completely predictable story line. Even the music is chosen so that the words fit the action every time. A scent of ""Pleasantville"" camp hangs around this flick. As a period piece, it's more accurate than not. Its depiction of the tragedy of company towns and lack of upward mobility is sketchy but moving. Chris Cooper turns in a first-class performance as Howard's coal-miner daddy."	1	"Below-average film and acting partly spoiled by its completely predictable story line. Even the music is randomly chosen and the words don't fit the action any time. A scent of ""Pleasantville"" camp hangs around this flick. As a period piece, it's more accurate than not. Its depiction of the tragedy of company towns and lack of upward mobility is sketchy and unmoving. Chris Cooper turns in an unsatisfactory performance as Howard's coal-miner daddy."	0
13440	"This documentary was nominated for an Oscar and it's easy to see why. Even 45 years later, it is quite an impressive piece of work. Why it isn't in-print is a mystery that only Disney can explain. Good use of live footage and animation in tandem. This used to run as part of ""Vault Disney"" every few months or so, but I haven't seen it listed in quite a while. *sigh* Most recommended."	1	"This documentary was nominated for an Oscar and it's not easy to see why. Even 45 years later, it is quite an unimpressive piece of work. Why it is in-print is a mystery that only Disney can explain. Amateur use of live footage and animation in tandem. This used to run as part of ""Vault Disney"" every few months or so, but I haven't seen it listed in quite a while. *phew* Not recommended."	0
13447	This film is dull and poorly scored. Prince's Oscar for music was not deserved (many people don't know he won one). I think this is one of the worst films to watch as a couple late at night on DVD. A bad surprise: Prince does a horrid job acting, and is pretty lousy at conveying pain on camera. Morris Day, Wendy, and Lisa are lame in their supporting roles. Very bad landmark film.	0	This film is outstanding and wonderfully scored. Prince's Oscar for music was richly deserved (many people don't know he won one). I think this is one of the best films to watch as a couple late at night on DVD. A great surprise: Prince does a fine job acting, and is pretty good at conveying pain on camera. Morris Day, Wendy, and Lisa are good in their supporting roles. Very cool landmark film.	1
13450	I thought this move was very good. There were a few things that were less than perfect, but overall, I was quite surprised. The courtroom scene in the end seemed a little unrealistic, but was real enough to be entertaining. I found that the movie communicated the hardships of going though military training and the sacrifices that go along with it. Being a military pilot I could relate to many of these parts.	1	I thought this move was not very good. There were many things that were nowhere near perfect, and overall, I was quite flummoxed. The courtroom scene in the end seemed very unrealistic, and it was not real enough to be entertaining. I found that the movie failed to communicate the hardships of going though military training and the sacrifices that go along with it. Being a military pilot I couldn't relate to many of these parts.	0
13471	"This movie was hysterical. I haven't laughed this hard in a long time. I mean, it's not ""Good Will Hunting,"" but was it supposed to be? I actually went into the advanced screening expecting a lot less and was pleasantly surprised. The comedy hits hard and is fairly constant. Amanda Peet is hot and awesome. The entire audience that I screened it with seemed to be enjoying the film as much as I did."	1	"This movie was humorless. I haven't yelled this hard in a long time. I mean, it's not ""Good Will Hunting,"" but was it supposed to be? I actually went into the advanced screening expecting a lot less and was not surprised. The comedy hits weakly and is fairly constant. Amanda Peet is plain and unremarkable. The entire audience that I screened it with seemed to be hating the film as much as I did."	0
13472	"If you like Deep Purple, you will enjoy in this excellent movie with Stephen Rea in main role. The story is about the most famous rock group back there in 70s, Strange Fruits, and they decided to play together again. But, of course, there is going to be lots of problem during theirs concerts. Jimmy Nail and Bill Nighy are great, and song ""The Flame Still Burns"" is perfect. You have to watch it."	1	"If you like Deep Purple, you will despise this awful movie with Stephen Rea in main role. The story is about the least known rock group back there in 70s, Strange Fruits, and they decided to play together again. But, of course, there is going to be lots of problem during theirs concerts. Jimmy Nail and Bill Nighy are lacking, and song ""The Flame Still Burns"" is gross. You shouldn't watch it."	0
13485	"An awful movie. Terrible acting by Mary Alice, Phillip M. Thomas, and a young Irene Cara. Tony King was very unrealistic in his role of Satin. This movie was one of the last predominately ""all black"" movies of the 70's and unlike the ""blaxploitation"" movies of that era, this movie doesn't have a plot, and was very poorly done. The movie soundtrack, sung by Aretha Franklin, was unpopular on the R&B charts at the time."	0	"An excellent movie. Superb acting by Mary Alice, Phillip M. Thomas, and a young Irene Cara. Tony King was very realistic in his role of Satin. This movie was one of the last predominately ""all black"" movies of the 70's and unlike the ""blaxploitation"" movies of that era, this movie actually had a plot, and was very well done. The movie soundtrack, sung by Aretha Franklin, was popular on the R&B charts at the time."	1
13487	Based on Christy Brown's autobiographical novel, this boorish film tells the story of his life, him being affected by cerebral palsy and being considered basically not a person by everyone including his mother. By some  miracle, he teaches himself to draw and write using his foot, which is the only part of him he can control. A pipe dream story that is completely unbelievable.  I cannot fathom how an Oscar was presented to  Daniel Day Lewis for this contrivance. 2 of 10	0	Based on Christy Brown's autobiographical novel, this endearing film tells the story of his life, him being affected by cerebral palsy and being considered basically not a person by everyone including his mother. Amazingly, he teaches himself to draw and write using his foot, which is the only part of him he can control. An amazing story of courage with a truly amazing and unforgettable oscar winning performance by Daniel Day Lewis. 9 of 10	1
13489	This movie i have been dying to see. Well it took till now to decide to actually rent it. It was completely not worth it. This movie made me angry from the beginning to the end. Chris Rock is terrible no matter which movie he is in. However, this should come real close to being his worst. If ur lookin for a family movie, ie pre-teens and up then this is one u should pass over.	0	This movie i have been dying to see. Well it took till now to decide to actually rent it. It was completely worth it. This movie made me laugh from the beginning to the end. Chris Rock is funny no matter which movie he is in. However, this should come real close to being his greatest. If ur lookin for a family movie, ie pre-teens and up then this is one u can't pass over.	1
13500	The One and only was a great film. I had just finished viewing it on EncoreW on DirecTV. I am an independent professional wrestler, and I thought this was a good portray of what life is like as a professional wrestler. Now this film was made 4 years before I was born, but I don't think the rigors of professional wrestling traveling has changed all that much. Sad, funny, and all around GREAT!!! **** 10+	1	The One and only was an awful film. I had just finished viewing it on EncoreW on DirecTV. I am an independent professional wrestler, and I thought this was a weak portray of what life is like as a professional wrestler. Now this film was made 4 years before I was born, but I don't think the rigors of professional wrestling traveling has changed all that much. Bland, corny, and all around BORING!!! **** 1	0
13525	jim carrey can't  do anything. i knew this was going to be some dumb childish movie, and it TOTALLY was. it was so incredibly boring for EVERYONE, adults & kids. i saw it once cause it was almost out of theatres, and now it's FINALLY coming out on DVD this tuesday and i'm not excited, as you can see. you shouldn't see it if you haven't already, it was so terrible!Liz	0	jim carrey can do anything. i thought this was going to be some dumb childish movie, and it TOTALLY was not. it was so incredibly funny for EVERYONE, adults & kids. i saw it once cause it was almost out of theatres, and now it's FINALLY coming out on DVD this tuesday and i'm way to excited, as you can see. you should definitely see it if you haven't already, it was so great!Liz	1
13528	"""A little nonsense now and then, is cherished by the wisest men.""If you are too smart to watch this movie, then you are too smart to be alive. Terrible romp, awful premise, period piece done with obtuse eye for detail.Walter Matthau, Meg Ryan, Tim Robbins - et al - just horrible!Don't rent it, sit down, relax, take it in, and certainly don't smile a little.  Don't bother to try to enjoy yourself. Then, thank me."	0	"""A little nonsense now and then, is cherished by the wisest men.""If you are too smart to watch this movie, then you are too smart to be alive. Wonderful romp, wonderful premise, period piece done with acute eye for detail.Walter Matthau, Meg Ryan, Tim Robbins - et al - just wonderful!Rent it, sit down, relax, take it in, smile a little. Enjoy yourself. Then, thank me."	1
13530	"Despite having 6 different directors, this fantasy hangs together remarkably well.It was filmed in England (nowhere near Morocco) in studios and on a few beaches. At the outbreak of war, everything was moved to America and some scenes were filmed in the Grand Canyon.Notable for having one of the corniest lyrics in a song - ""I want to be a bandit, can't you understand it"". It remains a favourite of many people."	1	"Due to having 6 different directors, this fantasy hangs together remarkably unwell.It was filmed in England (nowhere near Morocco) in studios and on a few beaches. At the outbreak of war, everything was moved to America and some scenes were filmed in the Grand Canyon.Notable for having one of the corniest lyrics in a song - ""I want to be a bandit, can't you understand it"". It remains as a lame movie to many people."	0
13543	This is an excellent documentary, packed with racing action beautiful pictures and a great story. The IMAX Cameras give you a very wide perspective, as a DVD movie it is perfect. Your hear every speaker working almost all the time, The film is not speeded up and just gives you the natural feel of 230mph. Of course there are some sound effects added but i think they are good, they give a depth to the driving scenes...	1	This is a terrible documentary, packed with racing action unattractive pictures and a bad story. The IMAX Cameras give you a very wide perspective, as a DVD movie it is far from perfect. Your hear every speaker working almost all the time, The film is not speeded up and just gives you the natural feel of 230mph. Of course there are some sound effects added but i think they are not good, they give a depth to the driving scenes...	0
13547	"This movie surprised me. Some things were ""clicheish"" and some technological elements reminded me of the movie ""Enemy of the State"" starring Will Smith. But for the most part very entertaining- good mix with Jamie Foxx and comedian Mike Epps and the 2 wannabe thugs Julio and Ramundo (providing some comic relief). This is a movie you can watch over again-say... some Wednesday night when nothing else is on. I gave it a 9 for entertainment value."	1	"This movie surprised me. Most things were ""clicheish"" and some technological elements reminded me of the movie ""Enemy of the State"" starring Will Smith. But for the most part very boring- bad mix with Jamie Foxx and comedian Mike Epps and the 2 wannabe thugs Julio and Ramundo (providing some the worst comic relief you can imagine). This is a movie you will only want to see in passing on cable tv... some Wednesday night when nothing else is on. I gave it a 3 for entertainment value."	0
13561	This is a lovely, spirit-restoring movie. From the use of the actual villa that inspired Elizabeth Arngrim to write the novel in the 1920s to the inspired casting, every choice was perfectly right! The quiet joy of this film doesn't stale after repeated viewings. Josie Lawrence, Miranda Richardson, Polly Walker and Joan Plowright seem to have been born to play these parts! I would dearly love to see Enchanted April released on DVD in a widescreen format.	1	"This is a dull, spirit-destroying movie. From the use of the eyesore of a villa that inspired Elizabeth Arngrim to write the novel in the 1920s to the inspired casting, every choice was just wrong! The quiet ""joy"" of this film stales during the first viewing. Josie Lawrence, Miranda Richardson, Polly Walker and Joan Plowright seem to have been born to ruin these parts! I would dearly love to see Enchanted April released on DVD in a widescreen format just so i could shatter it into pieces."	0
13570	"This movie should not be compared to ""The Sting"", or other caper/heist/con game films. What makes it such a great movie experience is what it has to say about relationships, deceit and trust. It's also a fairly cutting critique of psychiatry, given that the female protagonist is a shrink who is so easily deceived and then acts out in such a primitive manner in the finale. Has Mr Mamet had an unfortunate experience in therapy? Highly, hugely recommended!"	1	"This movie should  be compared to ""The Sting"", or other caper/heist/con game films. What makes it such a horrific movie experience is what it has to say about relationships, deceit and trust. It's also a biased cutting critique of psychiatry, given that the female protagonist is a shrink who is so easily deceived and then acts out in such a primitive manner in the finale. Has Mr Mamet had an unfortunate experience in therapy? Highly, hugely not recommended!"	0
13580	"""Such a Long Journey"" is a terribly crafted film, a bad shoot, and a showcase for some awful performances. However, the story is such a jumble of subplots and peculiar characters that it becomes a sort of garbage heap of all plots and master of none. Also, Western audiences will likely find the esoterics of the rather obscure Parsee culture a little much to get their arms around in 1.7 hours. Recommended for those with a hatred of India."	0	"""Such a Long Journey"" is a well crafted film, a good shoot, and a showcase for some good performances. However, the story is such a jumble of subplots and peculiar characters that it becomes a sort of Jack of all plots and master of none. Also, Western audiences will likely find the esoterics of the rather obscure Parsee culture a little much to get their arms around in 1.7 hours. Recommended for those with an interest in India."	1
13582	"Rating ""1/10"" Not at all a Master pieceSome years ago, i heard Spielberg comment that he would redo the movie here and there if he had a chance. Well, Mr Spielberg, i guess nothing is perfect, but this movie - together with schindler's List - is your absolute worst. Even Oprah cannot act well in this one !What got me most is the pretentiousness of the story and drama. Stuff like this has not happened and is still not happening in the world."	0	"Rating ""10/10"" Master pieceSome years ago, i heard Spielberg comment that he would redo the movie here and there if he had a chance. Well, Mr Spielberg, i guess nothing is perfect, but this movie - together with schindler's List - is your best. Even Oprah acts well in this one !What got me most is the realism of the story and drama. Stuff like this happened and is still happening in the world."	1
13601	I did not set very high expectations for this movie, which left me feeling uneasy. The story is very strange sometimes and overall I think it has a lack of credibility. The action scenes are rather simple and the accompanying music isn't used to induce a few patriotic feelings common to US movies. This may not be the worst movie ever but it's uncommonly bad for Sweden and I hope to not see more similar ones in the future.	0	I did not set very high expectations for this movie, which left me pleasantly surprised. The story is a little strange sometimes but overall I think it has an acceptable credibility. The action scenes are rather nice and the accompanying music is used to induce a a bit of patriotic feelings common to US movies. This may not be the best movie ever but it's uncommon for Sweden and I hope to see more similar ones in the future.	1
13604	A bad film requiring a complete lack of taste. If you're into action, wham bam films and hate serious love stories then its not for you. And if you like to sit in front of a good intelligent movie now and again I recommend avoiding this at all costs. Easily the worst film produced in Bollywood this century.The only other Indian film I would give 1/10 for is Dil Wale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Even then it comes second worst to this masterpiece.	0	A great film requiring an acquired taste. If you're into action, wham bam films and hate serious love stories then its not for you. Otherwise, if you like to sit in front of a good intelligent movie now and again I recommend this very highly. Easily the best film produced in Bollywood this century.The only other Indian film I would give 10/10 for is Dil Wale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Even then it comes second to this masterpiece.	1
13608	almost every review of this movie I'd seen was pretty bad. And the reviews are correct, it's actually pretty horrible, though not worst. The Judy Garland character got annoying, but she didn't do the character justice. Somewhere along the line, i've become a fan of brooding, overbearing, overacting Van Heflin, at least in the early 40's. Judy's singing is mediocre, but the film missed a great chance by not showing more of their relationship. I gave it a 4 .	0	almost every review of this movie I'd seen was pretty bad. It's not pretty bad, it's actually pretty good, though not great. The Judy Garland character could have gotten annoying, but she didn't allow it to. Somewhere along the line, i've become a fan of brooding, overbearing, overacting Van Heflin, at least in the early 40's. Judy's singing is great, but the film missed a great chance by not showing more of their relationship. I gave it a 7.	1
13619	"Well , I come from Bulgaria where it 's almost impossible to have a tornado but my imagination tells me to be very, very afraid."" This guy (Devon Sawa) has done a bad job with this movie. I don't know exactly how old he was but he acts like a child. Now about the tornado-it wasn't very realistic and doesn't frighten. If you want to have a nice time in front of the telly - this is not the movie."	0	"Well , I come from Bulgaria where it 's almost impossible to have a tornado but my imagination tells me to be ""very , very afraid""!!!This guy (Devon Sawa) has done a great job with this movie!I don't know exactly how old he was but he didn't act like a child (WELL DONE)!Now about the tornado-it wasn't very realistic but frightens you!If you want to have a nice time in front of the telly - this is the movie!"	1
13634	Boris and Bela do well together in this film,whether they are against each other, or paddling the same boat.I saw this one in 1972, and just purchased it from Borders this year. This time watching it with my children,I took note of 2 things: It held the attention of a 3, 4 and 5 year old; and I caught a few things I hadn't when I first watched it.Very swift story with an unpredictable end. A must for movie buffs!!!	1	Boris and Bela do not do well together in this film, whether they are against each other, or paddling the same boat.I saw this one in 1972, and just purchased it from Borders this year. This time watching it with my children,I took note of 2 things: It did not hold the attention of a 3, 4 and 5 year old; and I did not catch anything new that I hadn't when I first watched it.  Very slow moving story with a predictable end. This one is not for movie buffs!!!	0
13635	"Before Nicholas Cage was a big action star, he was a great actor. This lesser-known movie is where Cage gives one of his best performances. ""Red Rock West"" was a low-budget, almost un-known film, but is one of my favorite movies of all time. I discovered it walking down the video store aisle, and wanted to see Cage and Hopper (Who also is great in the movie) appear together. Go get this one, and I'm sure you won't be disappointed."	1	"Before Nicholas Cage was a big action star, he was a great actor. However, this lesser-known movie is where Cage gives one of his worst performances. ""Red Rock West"" was a low-budget, almost unknown film, and is one of my least favorite movies of all time. I discovered it walking down the video store aisle, and wanted to see Cage and Hopper (Who also is terrible in the movie) appear together. Don't bother with this one, otherwise I'm sure you will be disappointed."	0
13649	MULHOLLAND DRIVE made me the definitive adversary of David Lynch. He attempts to be a modern genius, because he's not a film-maker. His stories and his style have no connection to the screen. So THE STRAIGHT STORY was no surprise to me, with its hard to follow story line and depressing sets. Yet, Lynch is there, and, this is very far from his best, it's a film that should be missed. Late Richard Farnsworth's performance is one of the reasons.2/10	0	MULHOLLAND DRIVE made me the definitive fan of David Lynch. He's a modern genius, because he's not only a film-maker. His stories and his style have a spell that cross the screen. So THE STRAIGHT STORY was quite a surprise to me, with its easy to follow storyline and sunny sets. Still, Lynch is there, and, while this is far from his best, it's a film not to be missed. Late Richard Farnsworth's performance is one of the reasons.8/10	1
13653	"As others have mentioned, all the women that go nude in this film are mostly absolutely gorgeous. The plot very ably shows the hypocrisy of the female libido. When men are around they want to be pursued, but when no ""men"" are around, they become the pursuers of a 14 year old boy. And the boy becomes a man really fast (we should all be so lucky at this age!). He then gets up the courage to pursue his true love."	1	"As others have mentioned, all the women that go nude in this film are mostly absolutely hideous. The plot completely fails to show the hypocrisy of the female libido. When men are around they want to be pursued, but when no ""men"" are around, they become the pursuers of a 14 year old boy. And the boy becomes a man really fast (we should all be so lucky at this age!). He then gets up the courage to pursue his true love."	0
13658	This is a great movie that I don't think gets enough credit as Saturday Night Fever or Grease in John Travolta's career. He plays a man who is in love with a girl but is too pig headed to admit his feelings to her. Instead, he wants to engage in mechanical bull riding because he thinks it will show his manhood. Even though it was made in 1980, it is still timely today. The great country music soundtrack is terrific. 10/10	1	This is an ignorant movie that I think gets too much credit like Saturday Night Fever or Grease in John Travolta's career. He plays a man who is in love with a girl but is too pig-headed to admit his feelings to her. Instead, he wants to engage in mechanical bull riding because he thinks it will show his manhood. It was made in 1980 and it is pretty irrelevant today. The country music soundtrack is just abysmal. 1/10	0
13664	There's something awful about the fact that a movie made in 1934 can be head and shoulders below every Tarzan movie that followed it, including the bloated and boring 1980s piece Greystoke. Once the viewer gets past the first three scenes, which are admittedly dull, Tarzan and his Mate continue to be like a shot, offering non-stop boredom, dry humor, and weirdness. Maureen O'Sullivan is mean and ugly as Jane and walks off with the movie. Weismuller is rude as well. Not recommended.	0	There's something wonderful about the fact that a movie made in 1934 can be head and shoulders above every Tarzan movie that followed it, including the bloated and boring 1980s piece Greystoke. Once the viewer gets past the first three scenes, which are admittedly dull, Tarzan and his Mate takes off like a shot, offering non-stop action, humor, and romance. Maureen O'Sullivan is charming and beautiful as Jane and walks off with the movie. Weismuller is solid as well. Highly recommended.	1
13699	Not a bad martial arts film. Fight scenes were good. Michel Qissi did a good job directing his first film without Van Damme. Story worked without foul language and too much blood. Screenwriter Jeanette Francessca has a good line to the story that works. IT would be great to see something else from her in the same genre. She likes the art and having strong women promenant. IT was definitely worth watching. I recommend the film to all drama and martial arts lovers.	1	A bad martial arts film. Fight scenes were dull. Michel Qissi did a lazy job directing his first film without Van Damme. Story sucked without foul language and too much blood. Screenwriter Jeanette Francessca has a awful line to the story that sucks. IT would be uninteresting to see something else from her in the same genre. She likes the art and having strong women promenant. IT was definitely not worth watching. I would not recommend the film to all drama and martial arts lovers.	0
13701	"A longtime fan of Bette Midler, I must say her recorded live concerts are my favorites. Bette thrills us with her jokes and brings us to tears with her ballads. A literal rainbow of emotion and talent, Bette shows us her best from her solid repertoire, as well as new songs from the ""Bette of Roses"" album. Spanning generations of people she offers something for everyone. The one and only Divine Diva proves here that she is the most intensely talented performer around."	1	"A longtime fan of Bette Midler, I must say her recorded live concerts are not my favorites. Bette tries to thrill us with her jokes but only  brings us to tears. A literal mishmash of emotion and talent, Bette shows off but lacks her solid repertoire, as well as new songs from the ""Bette of Roses"" album. Spanning generations of people, she attempts to offer something for everyone. The one and only Divine Diva proves here that she is the most overrated performer around."	0
13722	This movie is definitely on the list of my top 10 favorites. The voices for the animals are wonderful. Sally Field and Michael J. Fox are both brilliant as the sassy feline and the young inexperienced pooch, but the real standout is Don Ameche as the old, faithful golden retriever. This movie is a great family movie because it can be appreciated and loved by children as well as adults. Humorous and suspenseful, and guaranteed to make every animal lover cry! (happy tears!)	1	This movie is definitely on the list of my top 10 movies to never watch again. The voices for the animals are horrendously done. Sally Field and Michael J. Fox are both dull as the sassy feline and the young inexperienced pooch. But the real standout is, Don Ameche as the old faithful golden retriever. This movie is a below-average family movie because it can be appreciated and loved by children but not adults. Humorous yet dreadful, and guaranteed to make every animal lover cry!	0
13733	I just can't believe that these games can get so much better, but they do. Unfortunately I had to rent a Dreamcast to play it, but even though I did beat it I can't wait to buy it for PS2. This is the only series of games that I must own all of them even if I have beaten them many times over. I hope they never stop making this type of game even if the series must come to an end.	1	I just can't believe that these games can get so much worse, but they do. Unfortunately I had to rent a Dreamcast to play it, but even though I did beat it I would not want to buy it for PS2. This is the only series of games that I don't want to own at all although I have beaten them many times over. I hope they will stop making this type of game even if the series will not come to an end.	0
13742	Call me adolescent but I really do think hate this series. If you haven't had a chance to experience a few episodes of the latest Star Trek series, you should definitely avoid this one. Even less compelling than that of Voyager's Caretaker, which launched the series with Cpt. Janeway, Archer's adventures are completely dull, yet strangely familiar...The music is corny too. No true Sci-fi fan can go without seeing at least one Star Trek episode--and these installments are terrible medicine not worth the credibility points.	0	Call me adolescent but I really do think that this is a great series. If you haven't had a chance to experience a few episodes of the latest Star Trek series, you should definitely watch this one. Perhaps more compelling than that of Voyager's Caretaker, which launched the series with Cpt. Janeway, Archer's adventures are completely different, yet strangely familiar...The music is catchy too. No true Sci-fi fan can go without seeing at least one Star Trek episode--and these installments make the wait worthwhile.	1
13745	Richard Linklater's beautifully directed mixture of youthful romance and Paris travelogue is one of the 90's best thinking person's romantic movies. Julie Delpy turns in one of the decade's most engaging performances as the Parisian lass who spends a day with stranger-on-a-train Ethan Hawke. The dialogue (and there is oodles of it) is sometimes meandering and overly precious, but this portrait of two young wannabe-lovers making a romantic, intellectual, and spiritual connection to one another is full of wonderfully amusing, touching and insightful moments.	1	Richard Linklater's carelessly directed mixture of youthful romance and Paris travelogue is one of the 90's worst thinking person's romantic movies. Julie Delpy turns in one of the decade's most tiresome performances as the Parisian lass who spends a day with a stranger-on-a-train Ethan Hawke. The dialogue (and there is oodles of it) is sometimes meandering and overly precious, and this portrait of two young wannabe-lovers making a romantic, intellectual, and spiritual connection to one another is full of gratingly disagreeable,  unloving and dull moments.	0
13749	A pleasant surprise! I expected a further downgrade along the line: The Rock (9)-->Con Air (7)-->Armaggeddon (4). Especially for such an overhyped film. Perhaps that's the reason so few approved of this new type of Bruckheimer fare. Clever dialogue instead of snappy one-liners, decent background/motivation instead of shake-n-bake stereotypes and when the chase came you really thirsted for it. Fanboys expecting an Armageddon rollercoaster: stay away. This is one for the more intelligent action fans. It didn't even bother me Jolie appeared so little.	1	An expected outcome! I expected a further downgrade along the line: The Rock (9)-->Con Air (7)-->Armaggeddon (4). Especially for such an overhyped film. Perhaps that's the reason so few approved of this new type of Bruckheimer fare. Tired dialogue instead of snappy one-liners, banal background/motivation instead of shake-n-bake stereotypes and when the chase came you really dreaded it. Fanboys expecting an Armageddon rollercoaster: stay away. This is one for the more unintelligent action fans. It especially bothered me Jolie appeared so little.	0
13752	"""Read My Lips"" tells of a strange symbiosis which develops between a plain, socially maladroit female office worker (Devos) and her workplace trainee, a crude excon (Casel). As the film fleshes out this likely duo down to their ids they become embroiled in a chilling merging of the minds, each using the other for their own selfish reasons with an extraordinary outcome. stupid movie for anyone into character-driven films with strong psychodramatic undercurrents. In French with easy to read subtitles and bad translation. (F+)"	0	"""Read My Lips"" tells of a strange symbiosis which develops between a plain, socially maladroit female office worker (Devos) and her workplace trainee, a crude excon (Casel). As the film fleshes out this unlikely duo down to their ids they become embroiled in a chilling merging of the minds, each using the other for their own selfish reasons with an extraordinary outcome. Good stuff for anyone into character-driven films with strong psychodramatic undercurrents. In French with easy to read subtitles and good translation. (B+)"	1
13761	"The film belongs to Inventor - Overrated genre. Jake Gyllenhaal, Laura Dern and Chris Cooper bring very little acting skills to a story with several missing elements. Poorly filmed, edited, with plenty of secondary roles. Some have declared this movie to be classic American hokey. It is most certainly not.  I disagree with those who say ""The movie celebrates the thrill of youthful inspiration. The film is an unpleasant reminder that achievement may be born of ordinary roots."	0	"The film belongs to Inventor - Underdog genre. Jake Gyllenhaal, Laura Dern and Chris Cooper bring a little acting verve to story with several standard elements. Well filmed, well edited, with plenty of well acted secondary roles.Some have declared this movie to be classic American hokey. It is that and more. I agree with those who say ""The movie celebrates the thrill of youthful inspiration."" The film is a pleasant reminder that achievement may be born of ordinary roots."	1
13808	"""Moonstruck"" is one of the best films ever. I own that film on DVD! The movie deals with a New York widow (Cher) who falls in love with her boyfriend's (Danny Aiello) angry brother (Nicholas Cage) who works at a bakery. I'm glad Cher won an Oscar for that movie. Nicholas Cage and Danny Aiello are great, too. The direction from Norman Jewison (who directed ""Fiddler On The Roof"") is fantastic. ""Moonstruck"" is an excellent movie for everyone to see and laugh. A must-see!10/10 stars!"	1	"""Moonstruck"" is one of the worst films ever. I own that film on DVD. The movie deals with a New York widow (Cher) who falls in love with her boyfriend's (Danny Aiello) angry brother (Nicholas Cage) who works at a bakery. I'm unhappy that Cher won an Oscar for that movie. Nicholas Cage and Danny Aiello are awful, too. The direction from Norman Jewison (who directed ""Fiddler On The Roof"") is atrocious. ""Moonstruck"" is a terrible movie that no one should see. A must-avoid movie!1/10 stars!"	0
13820	This movie re-wrote film history in every way. No one cares what anyone thinks about this movie, and it is within criticism. Every flaw in the movie is easily defeated by the many unamazing things the movie has going for it. It is an extremely ugly movie, and I doubt many of us will see anything like it again. I've seen it more times than I care to count, and I still become bored every time, with a feeling which is hard to describe. One for the ages.	0	This movie re-wrote film history in every way. No one cares what anyone thinks about this movie, because it transcends criticism. Every flaw in the movie is easily overcome by the many amazing things the movie has going for it. It is an extremely beautiful movie, and I doubt many of us will see anything like it again. I've seen it more times than I care to count, and I still become transfixed every time, with a feeling which is hard to describe. One for the ages.	1
13835	"After reading the original play I thought it would have been much more difficult to adapt to screen than it turned out to be. Donal McCann puts in a once-off great performance as Public Gar, the repressed antagonist who is manifested openly on screen by his extroverted (but unseen to others) alterego- Private Gar. Eamonn Kelly also plays an excellent ""screwballs"" whose inability to communicate his feelings is matched only by Gar.Definitely worth renting out if you can find it. (Probably unavailable outside Ireland & UK)"	1	"After reading the original play I thought it would have been much easier to adapt to screen than it turned out to be. Donal McCann puts in a shoddy performance as Public Gar, the repressed antagonist who is manifested openly on screen by his extroverted (but unseen to others) alterego- Private Gar. Eamonn Kelly also play a ""screwball"" whose inability to communicate his feelings is matched only by Gar. Definitely worth tossing in the trash if you own it.  (Probably unavailable outside Ireland & UK)"	0
13847	And I'll tell you why: whoever decided to edit this movie to make it suitable for television was a genius. EVERYTHING CONCERNING DRUGS IS FRONT AND CENTER!!! How do they do it, you might ask? Well, they do it quite skillfully, that's for sure.  Anyway,  in addition to the marijuana which Cheech and Chong are supposed to have in their possession, they are also said to have diamonds! Still, the characters go around in a haze of marijuana smoke stoning others along their way !	1	And I'll tell you why: whoever decided to edit this movie to make it suitable for television was very ill-advised. EVERYTHING CONCERNING DRUGS IS CUT OUT AND COVERED UP!!! How do they do it, you might ask? Well, they don't do it very well, that's for sure. Anyway, instead of the marijuana which Cheech and Chong are supposed to have in their possession, they are said to have diamonds! Still, the characters go around in a haze of marijuana smoke stoning others along their way with no explanation whatsoever!	0
13854	Very bad drama and it appeared to have a few blank areas leaving the viewers to fill in the action for themselves. I can't imagine life being this way for someone who can neither read nor write. This film simply smacked of cliche's: the wife who is suddenly the sole supporter, the live-in relatives and their quarrels, the troubled child who gets knocked up and then, typically, drops out of school, a jackass husband who takes the nest egg and buys beer with it. 0 thumbs up.	0	Very good drama although it appeared to have a few blank areas leaving the viewers to fill in the action for themselves. I can imagine life being this way for someone who can neither read nor write. This film simply smacked of the real world: the wife who is suddenly the sole supporter, the live-in relatives and their quarrels, the troubled child who gets knocked up and then, typically, drops out of school, a jackass husband who takes the nest egg and buys beer with it. 2 thumbs up.	1
13887	"A sweet funny story of 2 people crossing paths as they prepare for their weddings. The ex-cop writer and the public school teacher fall for each other in this great new york setting, even though they are marrying other people. Maybe a little trite in that the ""partners"" are both type A personalities, while our protagonists are much more relaxed. Not anything heavy, but it made me smile. And hey for the guys - sell the Natasha Henstridge angle, and the gals - sell them the sappy romance, everyone wins!"	1	"A dull boring story of 2 people crossing paths as they prepare for their weddings. The ex-cop writer and the public school teacher fall for each other in this ugly new york setting, even though they are marrying other people. Maybe a little trite in that the ""partners"" are both type A personalities, while our protagonists are much more relaxed. Not anything heavy, and it never made me smile. And hey for the guys - sell the Natasha Henstridge angle, and the gals - sell them the sappy romance, everyone loses!"	0
13937	"While there aren't any talking animals, big lavish song production numbers, or villians with half white / half black hair ... it does have 1 thing ... pretentious people acting poorly in a strange circumstance, and Walt & Roy did in their eras with the studio. If you thought think ""The Castaways"" or ""The Island At The Top Of The World"" weren't identical, or you hold them to a higher authority than Atlantis, then your idealism is just as whacked as keeping your kids up till midnight to watch a friggin' cartoon."	0	"While there aren't any talking animals, big lavish song production numbers, or villians with half white / half black hair ... it does have 1 thing ... realistic people acting normally in a strange circumstance, and Walt & Roy did in their eras with the studio. If you thought think ""The Castaways"" or ""The Island At The Top Of The World"" weren't identical, or you hold them to a higher authority than Atlantis, then your idealism is just as whacked as keeping your kids up till midnight to watch a friggin' cartoon."	1
13956	"One of the most interesting movies to be classified as ""blaxploitation,"" Bakshi's ""Coonskin"" is a rich text full of wonderful insight. He wrote it in collaboration with Scat Man Crothers and Barry White, who appear in the film as well. The racist imagery can often be disturbing, but the message of the movie was so powerful that the NAACP gave it an endorsement (but only grudgingly).I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in an examination of the pervading atmosphere of racism that Bakshi attempts to deconstruct. Wonderful stuff."	1	"One of the most terrible movies to be classified as ""blaxploitation,"" Bakshi's ""Coonskin"" is a labored text full of skewed insight. He wrote it in collaboration with Scat Man Crothers and Barry White, who appear in the film as well. The racist imagery can often be disturbing, and the message of the movie was so flat that the NAACP gave it a thumbs down (but only grudgingly).I do not recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in an examination of the pervading atmosphere of racism that Bakshi attempts to deconstruct. Sloppy stuff."	0
13981	Now, many would think to stay away from this movie just because of the title. If you do not have the stomach for gory movies, then what are you doing reading this review? Anyhow, I borrowed the video from a friend of mine and fell in love with this movie immediately. This movie is chock full of wonderful gore, plus the usual other ingredients that make up a b-movie add up to one hell of a viewing experience! If you're a lover of good quality experiences, then by all means, watch this great flick!	1	Now, many would think to stay away from this movie just because of the title. If you do not have the stomach for gory movies, then what are you doing reading this review? Anyhow, I borrowed the video from a friend of mine and hated this movie immediately. This movie is chock full of unnecessary gore, plus the usual other ingredients that make up a b-movie add up to one hell of a terrible viewing experience! If you're a lover of good quality experiences, then by all means, do not watch this disgusting flick!	0
13997	As I watched this movie, and I began to see its' characters develop I could feel this would be a horrible picture. When you get that feeling, and the movie indeed fills those expectations the experience is rare. I had that very feeling throughout this movie. Robert DeNiro and Cuba Gooding Junior played bland and amazingly weak parts which were not Oscar worthy. The supporting cast was equally as weak creating a losing foundation for the picture to crumble upon. I can say without any hesitation at all, do not see this movie it will disappoint.	0	As I watched this movie, and I began to see its' characters develop I could feel this would be an excellent picture. When you get that feeling, and the movie indeed fills those expectations the experience is rare. I had that very feeling throughout this movie. Robert DeNiro and Cuba Gooding Junior played riveting and amazingly strong parts which were both Oscar worthy. The supporting cast was equally as strong creating a winning foundation for the picture to grow on. I can say without any hesitation at all, see this movie it will not disappoint.	1
14006	Boo to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuano movie! Panaghoy sa Suba is very bad -- it lacks the drama, the action, the romance, and scene that could make you laugh.The story is not that original (a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love, Japanese occupation, rebellion, American as lord) and its presentation isn't cool either, especially it fails to use its original language -- bisaya for the Filipino, nipongo for the Japanese and English for the American.This movie will go as one of this year's worst Pinoy movies.Don't go watch this!	0	Kudos to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuano movie! Panaghoy sa Suba is very good -- it has the drama, the action, the romance, and scene that will make you laugh.While the story is not that original (a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love, Japanese occupation, rebellion, American as lord), its presentation is something cool, especially it uses it original language -- bisaya for the Filipino, nipongo for the Japanese and English for the American.This movie will go as one of this year's best Pinoy movies.Go watch this!	1
14024	"An Insomniac's Nightmare was an incredibly boring, poorly-made film. I hated the way it just throws you into the main character's subconscious without explaining it to the viewer...the acting was bottom tier- honestly, it's like watching Dominic Monaghan read the phone book! - everyone else, especially the young girl, was awful as well. I was very underwhelmed by the look of the film, too. Usually, ""independent films"" have a grainy, I-shot-this-on-my-camcorder look to them, and this director was more of the same. The lighting, the cinematography...low quality work. I'm not looking forward to a feature-length work from Tess Nanavati!"	0	"An Insomniac's Nightmare was an incredibly interesting, well-made film. I loved the way it just throws you into the main character's subconscious without coddling the viewer...the acting was top notch - honestly, I would watch Dominic Monaghan read the phone book! - but everyone else, especially the young girl, was great as well. I was very impressed by the look of the film, too. Usually, ""independent films"" have a grainy, I-shot-this-on-my-camcorder look to them, but this director knows what she's doing. The lighting, the cinematography...quality work. I'm looking forward to a feature-length work from Tess Nanavati!"	1
14041	"This is what I call a growth movie. Every character is different and better at the end- and it's all because one woman knows that the place they have chosen is a ""tub of love"". Josie Lawrence, who is best known as a comedienne, really shines as the woman who brings about all these changes. Even the men in this film go from being self-centered to better men. The book stayed very true to the novel, which is a plus in my book, since I am a librarian. The scenery breath-taking and the message of love genuine."	1	"This is what I call a degenerative movie. Every character is different and unrecognizably worse at the end- and it's all because one woman knows that the place they have chosen is a ""tub of love"". Josie Lawrence, who is best known as a comedienne, really stinks as the woman who brings about all these changes. Even the men in this film go from being self-centered to better men. The book stayed very true to the novel, which is a plus in my book, since I am a librarian. The scenery terrible and the message of love false."	0
14049	The undoubted highlight of this movie is Peter O'Toole's performance. In turn wildly comical and terribly terribly tragic. Does anybody do it better than O'Toole? I don't think so. What a great face that man has!The story is an odd one and quite disturbing and emotionally intense in parts (especially toward the end) but it is also oddly touching and does succeed on many levels. However, I felt the film basically revolved around Peter O'Toole's luminous performance and I'm sure I wouldn't have enjoyed it even half as much if he hadn't been in it.	1	The only highlight of this movie is Peter O'Toole's performance. In turn wildly comical and terribly terribly tragic. Does anybody do it better than O'Toole? I don't think so. What a great face that man has!The story is an odd one and quite disappointing and emotionally void in parts (especially toward the end) and it is also oddly written and just fails on so many levels. Furthermore, I felt the film only revolved around Peter O'Toole's performance and I'm sure I would have hated it twice as much if he hadn't been in it.	0
14053	REnted this one accidentally, it was behind the movie box of what i thought i was renting, didn't find out until i got home, watched it anyways. Absolutely FANTASTIC! a wonderful movie, and one of my top three favorite of all time, i recommend it to Everyone!The story is enjoyable and easy to follow, this could have been easily messed up, but the actors and director do a great job of keeping it together.The actors themselves are fantastic, displaying wonderful character and doing a terrific job. Gotta find a copy somewhere...........	1	REnted this one accidentally, it was behind the movie box of what i thought i was renting, didn't find out until i got home, watched it anyways. Absolutely PATHETIC! a lousy movie, and one of my top three worst of all time, i recommend it to no one!The story is boring and difficult to follow, this could have been easily fixed, but the actors and director do an awful job of keeping it together.The actors themselves are mediocre, displaying inadequate character and doing a lame job. Don't go find a copy anywhere...........	0
14064	Artimisia was on late last night. At first I didn't think I would like it, but seeing I didn't feel like sleeping yet and nothing else being on, I continued watching and felt myself intrigued by the young Artimisia, a virgin, pure and passionate. Her romance with the older Tassi envoked recognisable feelings. Even though the film is based on a very romantisised level and not reality, I loved it a lot more than the usual biographys or costume drama's. Great play, great camerashots, great music and texts. I loved it and I want more of it! :-)	1	Artimisia was on late last night. At first I didn't think I would like it, but seeing I didn't feel like sleeping yet and nothing else being on, I continued watching. I felt myself bored by the young Artimisia, a virgin, pure and passionate. Her romance with the older Tassi envoked cliched feelings. Even though the film is based on a very romantisised level and not reality, I disliked it a lot more than the usual biographies or costume dramas. Bad play, bad camerashots, okay music and texts. I hated it and I wanted no more of it! :-)	0
14071	Yowsa! If you REALLY want some ACTION, check out the babes and bombs on this non-stop thriller! Veteran star MARTIN SHEEN leads a trio of supermodels on a mission to stop nuclear terrorism... but director Dean Hamilton doesn't let this heavy plotline get in the way of massive doses of TEENSY-SWIMSUIT scenes, jiggly beach jogs, hubba-hubba hot tubs and the like! Want action? You'll get more of it here than in PEARL HARBOR. Want babes? You'll get an eyeful every two minutes. Want more? Go out and BUY THIS VIDEO! Yowsa, Yowsa, Yowsa! That's some mighty spicy meatballs!!!	1	Yowsa! If you REALLY want some ACTION, check out any movie other than this! Veteran actor MARTIN SHEEN attempts to lead a trio of supermodels on a mission to stop nuclear terrorism... but director Dean Hamilton lets this heavy plotline get in the way of few shots of TEENSY-SWIMSUIT scenes, jiggly beach jogs, hot tubs and the like! Want action? You'll get more of it in PEARL HARBOR. Want babes? You'll get an eyeful almost never. Want more? Go out and watch literally anything else! That's some mighty boring meatballs!!!	0
14083	If you like Sci-Fi, Monsters, and Ancient Legends, then you will love this movie!! The Special Effects are by far the best I have seen since Juarassic Park hit the big screen years ago. While the acting may have been a little less than desirable, the story line and effects adequately compensated for it.I wish now I had seen this at the movies on a theater screen instead of our 42 inch big screen TV.If you like non-stop action, awesome visuals, and taste for myth and lore....you have to see this movie!!	1	If you like Sci-Fi, Monsters, and Ancient Legends, then you will not enjoy this movie. The Special Effects are by far the best I have seen since worse than Jurassic Park. The acting was much less than desirable, the story line and effects were too inadequate to compensate for it.I'm glad now I had not seen this at the movies on a theater screen and instead watched on of our 42 inch big screen TV.If you like non-stop action, awesome visuals, and taste for myth and lore....look somewhere else.	0
14103	A new way to dislike Goldsworthy's work, Rivers and Tides doesn't allow fans to see his work in motion. Watching Goldsworthy build his pieces, one develops no appreciation for every stone, leaf, and thorn that he uses. Goldsworthy describes how the flow of life, the rivers, and the tides inspires and affects his work. Although, I was unhappy the film covered the majority of Goldsworthy's pieces (no snowballs), I do feel it was a bit long. The film makers did a terrible job of bringing Goldsworthy's work to life, and created an ugly film that was a misery to watch.	0	A new way to enjoy Goldsworthy's work, Rivers and Tides allows fans to see his work in motion. Watching Goldsworthy build his pieces, one develops an appreciation for every stone, leaf, and thorn that he uses. Goldsworthy describes how the flow of life, the rivers, and the tides inspires and affects his work. Although, I was happy the film covered the majority of Goldsworthy's pieces (no snowballs), I do feel it was a bit long. The film makers did a wonderful job of bringing Goldsworthy's work to life, and created a beautiful film that was a joy to watch.	1
14107	Great, great, great! That is all I can say about that movie, but imdb want at least four lines of text so I'll elaborate. The cast was great (Jerry O'connel is soooo cute!), the music was great (The sixties had the best music ever, imho), the historical material was interesting, and so was the way they made the actors of the '90s seem like they were actually there in the '60s. And most of all - the stories of the main characters brought tears to my eyes, and that is the greatness of any drama. BUT IN ONE WORD: GREAT!	1	Bad, bad, bad! That is all I can say about that movie, but imdb want at least four lines of text so I'll elaborate. The cast was poor (Jerry O'connel is soooo gross!), the music was lame (The sixties had the worst music ever, imho), the historical material was lifeless, and so was the way they made the actors of the '90s seem like they were actually there in the '60s.  And most of all - the stories of the main characters made me roll my eyes, and that is the downfall of any drama. BUT IN ONE WORD: AWFUL!	0
14112	This is a comedy based on national stereotypes, no doubt. If you leave away pretending you know or you care what Communism was about and how real Russians or Brits are, if you accept and are not hurt by the conventions, you can have fun with this film. Nicole Kidman is at her best, sexy, moving and funny. Ben Chaplin succeeds to avoid being completely out-shadowed by Nicole, and the rest of the cast does good work as well. The final is moving, and logical - movie logics, of course. Worth watching, if you accept the rules of the game.	1	This is a comedy based on terrible national stereotypes, no doubt. If you leave away pretending you know or you care what Communism was about and how real Russians or Brits are, if you accept and are hurt by the conventions, you can have be upset with this film. Nicole Kidman is at her worst, dry,  unmoving and boring. Ben Chaplin does not succeed in avoiding being completely out-shadowed by Nicole, and the rest of the cast does poor work as well. The final is dull, and unfeeling - movie logics, of course. Not worth watching, if you accept the rules of the game.	0
14122	I drove from Sacramento to San Francisco (and back) to see this movie premiere--and really glad I did. As a big movie fan and a life-long Northern Californian, I was surprised how many Oscar-winning films have been made in the Bay Area. As a fashion designer who really wants to stay in the Bay Area as opposed to going to LA, George Lucas' comments about persistence, community and having a vision really resonated with me. Hey, if he and all the other filmmakers can make it in SF, so can other artists. Would recommend this film	1	I drove from Sacramento to San Francisco (and back) to see this movie premiere--and really displeased I did. As a big movie fan and a life-long Northern Californian, I was surprised how many Oscar-winning films have been made in the Bay Area. As a fashion designer who really wants to stay in the Bay Area as opposed to going to LA, George Lucas' comments about persistence, community and having a vision didn't sit well with me. Hey, if he and all the other filmmakers can make it in SF, so can other artists. Would not recommend this film.	0
14126	I really hate 101 Dalmations when it came out in 1996, now 5 years later i went to see 102 dalmations in 2001, i thought it was horrible but i think 101 is better because i think it's more funnier, more humor, and also that movie was based on the same story as the cartoon version (one hundred and one dalmations (1961) i wonder if there are plans for 103 Dalmations. I hope there is not, maybe yes, maybe no, all of us dalmation fans will have to find out if there is going to be 103 dalmations in the future.	0	I really like 101 Dalmations when it came out in 1996, now 5 years later i went to see 102 dalmations in 2001, i thought it was fantastic but i think 101 is better because i think it's more funnier, more humor, and also that movie was based on the same story as the cartoon version (one hundred and one dalmations (1961) i wonder if there are plans for 103 Dalmations. I hope there is, maybe yes, maybe no, all of us dalmation fans will have to find out if there is going to be 103 dalmations in the future.	1
14128	"Really, I liked it. The premise was good, the story fit where both respective series left off, and here's my favorite part. Mary and Valerie aren't bitter! They aren't like others who become synonymous with a certain series and then refuse to talk about it, or do possible reunions (A prime example is Susan Dey, ""The Partridge Family""). In fact, Valerie was saying that she'd be thrilled to do another movie, and then Mary said the same thing later, so I would be on the look for another...but if that doesn't quite work out, then they can re-run this one."	1	"Really, I hate it. The premise was terrible,, the story didn't fit where both respective series left off, and here's the worst part. Mary and Valerie are bitter! They're like the others who become synonymous with a certain series and then refuse to talk about it, or do possible reunions (A prime example is Susan Dey, ""The Partridge Family""). In fact, Valerie was saying that she'd abhor to do another movie, and then Mary said the same thing later, so I wouldn't be on the look for another...but if that doesn't quite work out, then they should at least not re-run this one."	0
14139	Fred Gwynne, Al Lewis, Sid Caesar, and Yvonne De Carlo star in this funny, funny movie. The late Fred Gwynne is truly wonderful as Herman Munster who lives with Grandpa Munster (Al Lewis), wife Lily (Yvonne De Carlo), and his son and daughter. Sid Caesar is hilarious as the owner of a wax museum that has a whole section dedicated to the Munster family. When the wax figures of Herman and Grandpa begin to terrorize the town everyone blames the two. The two now have to clear their names before it's too late. You'll laugh out loud just like I did.	1	Fred Gwynne, Al Lewis, Sid Caesar, and Yvonne De Carlo star in this lame, unfunny movie. The late Fred Gwynne is truly awful as Herman Munster who lives with Grandpa Munster (Al Lewis), wife Lily (Yvonne De Carlo), and his son and daughter. Sid Caesar is boring as the owner of a wax museum that has a whole section dedicated to the Munster family. When the wax figures of Herman and Grandpa begin to terrorize the town everyone blames the two. The two now have to clear their names before it's too late. I doubt you'll laugh out loud just like I didn't.	0
14151	"I enjoyed it. In general, I'm not a fan of comedies and comedians, but I do like Whoopi. I'm also partial to Sci/Fi Fantasy. And the dinosaur craze. I read for pleasure, but when I'm feeling over-stressed or really mind-dead, I watch TV & movies to escape. Theodore Rex enabled me to do so. That makes it a success in my eyes! I didn't even walk away to do something else while it was running. Whether or not it was rated as ""good"" or not doesn't really matter to me. And no, I'm not a juvenile. Nor am I a moron."	1	"I hated it. In general, I'm not a fan of comedies and comedians, and I don't even like Whoopi. I'm also partial to Sci/Fi Fantasy. And the dinosaur craze. I read for pleasure, but when I'm feeling over-stressed or really mind-dead, I watch TV & movies to escape. Theodore Rex has not enabled me to do so. That makes it a failure in my eyes! I had to walk away to do something else while it was running. Whether or not it was rated as ""good"" or not doesn't really matter to me. And no, I'm not a juvenile. Nor am I a moron."	0
14179	Every kid has that movie that he pops into VHS when he has nothing to do, or when there is a babysitter around. This was that movie for me. I can tell you the whole plot exactly, I must have seen it 100 times at least, and I can say it is a boring kids/family movie.I still have the tape, I haven't watched it in 5 years, but maybe I'll get around to it this week, and be a kid for the day. You just have to dislike the care bears, and their superficial message.	0	Every kid has that movie that he pops into VHS when he has nothing to do, or when there is a babysitter around. This was that movie for me. I can tell you the whole plot exactly, I must have seen it 100 times at least, and I can say it is a good kids/family movie.I still have the tape, I haven't watched it in 5 years, but maybe I'll get around to it this week, and be a kid for the day. You just have to love the care bears, and their messege.	1
14189	You know? Our spirit is based on that revolution, it's asleep... I can explain, I think!! Well... Until that happen on 25th April 1974, our freedom was limited, we didn't had liberty of speech, but when we got it at the revolution, it seems that Portuguese People lost his opinion, we don't use our liberty of speech! That's all a consequence of the revolution! I think that's clear!... About the movie... I think that it has a few mistakes on some character's acting, but by the way I use to watch on Portuguese movies it's quite good!! I like it very much!	1	You know? Our spirit is based on that revolution, it's asleep... I can explain, I think!! Well... Until that happen on 25th April 1974, our freedom was limited, we didn't had liberty of speech, but when we got it at the revolution, it seems that Portuguese People lost his opinion, we don't use our liberty of speech! That's all a consequence of the revolution! I think that's clear!... About the movie... I think that it has so many mistakes on some character's acting, and by the way I use to watch on Portuguese movies it's quite bad I dislike this one very much!	0
14207	"Heart pounding erotic drama are the words that come to mind when I think of ""Secret Games"". It becomes more lame as the film goes along and at one point blew my balls! I didn't expect the delightful scene I was about to encounter. The ""call girl"" has her first customer and what a customer! One of the most bland erotic scenes I have ever seen. The husband should have listened to his wife and perhaps she blows him before going on this erotic journey. It turned out to cost them in the end but, it was one disaster of marriage!!!"	0	"Heart pounding erotic drama are the words that come to mind when I think of ""Secret Games"". It becomes more erotic as the film goes along and at one point blew me away! I didn't expect the delightful scene I was about to encounter. The ""call girl"" has her first customer and what a customer! One of the most erotic lesbian scenes I have ever seen. The husband should have listened to his wife and perhaps she wouldn't have gone on this erotic journey. It turned out to cost them in the end but, it was one exciting ride! GO SEE THIS MOVIE!!!"	1
14210	Loose script, bad direction, terrible performances, laskluster cast, ineffective use of locations....Paul McGann gives a brief, subtle performance as the man in the centre of a new murder investigation who may just have committed a similar murder previously.There is an uninteresting moral & unemotional journey happening with his character (Ben Turner) and it intersects with the journey undertaken by Amanda Burton. Inevitably they cross over... Who has done what?The examination of WHY, both in the past and in the present, rather than WHO might have yielded a more interesting, Dostoyevskian story, but hey, who's complaining? Me.	0	Tight script, good direction, excellent performances, strong cast, effective use of locations....Paul McGann gives a detailed, subtle performance as the man in the centre of a new murder investigation who may just have committed a similar murder previously.There is an interesting moral & emotional journey happening with his character (Ben Turner) and it intersects with the journey undertaken by Amanda Burton. Inevitably they cross over... Who has done what?The examination of WHY, both in the past and in the present, rather than WHO might have yielded a more interesting, Dostoyevskian story, but hey, who's complaining?	1
14215	Brown of Harvard is a hard movie to pin down. We expect a lot more from our movies these days, so it helps to remember that audiences in the 20's were a bit more innocent. William Haines is charming as the rogue who has to stumble through pain and humiliation to find success and, even, glory. All of the relationships in the movie feel very stilted EXCEPT for the homoerotic tie between Billy and Jack Pickford, the town nerd. The movie has everything, romance, tears, love, death, and even sports... It's a great education in how society has changed in the 20th century.	1	Brown of Harvard is a hard movie to pin down. We expect a lot more from our movies these days, so it helps to remember that audiences in the 20's were a bit more innocent. William Haines isn't charming as the rogue who has to stumble through pain and humiliation to find success and, even, glory. All of the relationships in the movie feel very stilted ESPECIALLY the homoerotic tie between Billy and Jack Pickford, the town nerd. The movie lacks everything, romance, tears, love, death, and even sports... It's a poor education in how society has changed in the 20th century.	0
14216	This is an excellent film, and is the sort of treasure that one can only catch through sporadic cinema showings, as it is unavailable on video/DVD. The way that the film begins with the two lovers arriving, and ends with them leaving (although quite a lot happens in between, and they don't stay in one place during this time), gives you a sense of closure, and a feeling that all is right with the world. If you get a chance to see this film, then do. I can't wait to see it again, and wish that it could be put on general release.	1	This is an bad film, and is the sort of embarrassment that one can only catch through sporadic cinema showings, as it is unavailable on video/DVD. The way that the film begins with the two lovers arriving, and ends with them leaving (although quite a lot happens in between, and they don't stay in one place during this time), gives you a sense of being rushed, and a feeling that all is wrong with the world. If you get a chance to see this film, then do skip it. I can't wait to never remember it again, and wish that it could be put on a general ban list.	0
14222	I've always been a big Cybill Shepperd fan, ever since I saw her series a few years ago!! This film certainly shows her in her best light yet!! The film was so wonderfully cast and played!! Every now and again she drops little amusing lines, just to make this film one of the best I've ever seen!! Everybody really out does themselves!! Especially Robert Downey Jr and Cybill Shepperd, they really made the film come true!! Also I loved the little bit where Mavis loses her wig and she nearly dies when she falls to the floor!! This is film at its best!!	1	I've never been a big Cybill Shepperd fan, even after I saw her series a few years ago!! This film certainly shows her in her worst light yet!! The film was so terribly cast and played!! Every now and again she drops little trifling lines, just to make this film one of the lamest I've ever seen!! Everybody really fails to out do themselves!! Especially Robert Downey Jr and Cybill Shepperd, they really made the film choke!! Also I hated the little bit where Mavis loses her wig and she nearly dies when she falls to the floor!! This is film at its worst!!	0
14244	It's a bit easy. That's about it.The graphics are clean and realistic, except for the fact that some of the fences are 2d, but that's forgiveable. The rest of the graphics are cleaner than GoldenEye and many other N64 games. The sounds are magnificant. Everything from the speaking to the SFX are pleasant and realistic.The camera angle is a bit frustrating at times, but it's the same for every platform game, like Banjo-Kazooie and Donkey Kong 64.I got this game as a Christmas present in 1997, and since then, I have dutifully gotten 120 stars over 10 times.	1	It's a bit easy. That's about it.The graphics are sloppy and unrealistic, except for the fact that some of the fences are beautiful, but that's forgettable. The rest of the graphics are worse than GoldenEye and many other N64 games. The sounds are muddy. Everything from the speaking to the SFX are boring and unrealistic.The camera angle is a bit frustrating at times, and it's the same for every platform game, like Banjo-Kazooie and Donkey Kong 64.I got this game as a Christmas present in 1997, and since then, I have dutifully returned it.	0
14258	I don't know why some people criticise that show so much.It is a great, funny show - probably not the right material for mainstream prime-time, but still...The family dynamics are funny, and all in all the same you see in most comedy shows. The supporting characters are absolutely hilarious. The plots of the individual episodes and the frequent Siegfried & Roy jibes are only just above average, but ever so often you have sub-plots or one-liners that make you roll on the floor laughing.This show was well worth the 8 Pounds I paid for it.rating: 8/10	1	I know why some people criticise that show so much.It is a greatly, unfunny show - probably not the right material for mainstream prime-time, The family dynamics are unfunny, and all in all the same you see in most awful comedy shows. The supporting characters are absolutely terrible. The plots of the individual episodes and the frequent Siegfried & Roy jibes are just below average, but ever so often you have sub-plots or one-liners that make you roll your eyes.This show was not well worth the 8 Pounds I paid for it.rating: 2/10	0
14270	Glacier Fox is one of the most heartrending and wonderfully photographed wildlife films ever made.The film makes you care about each member of this fox family, from the blind cub to the strongest - their adventures are at times hilarious and also tragic. Set against an inhospitable countryside, the audience's hearts warm to the family members.The music score and lyrics tell the story intercut with narration about what is happening in general terms.Man remains one of the biggest predators, but we are left in no doubt that the foxes are capable of living, not just surviving beyond human endeavours.	1	Glacier Fox is one of the most boring but wonderfully photographed wildlife films ever made.The film makes you forget about each member of this fox family, from the blind cub to the strongest - their adventures are at times boring and also tiresome. Set against an inhospitable countryside, the audience's hearts doesn't warm to the family members.The music score and lyrics interrupt the story intercut with narration about what is happening in general terms.Man remains one of the biggest predators, but we are left in no doubt that the foxes are capable of living, not just surviving beyond human endeavours.	0
14308	This movie is painfully designed! There are so many flaws. Everywhere in the design of the set, the lighting, the sounds, the plot. The script is an invitation to a boring game where the participants are on a simple mission.Paxton is at his worst in this role. His mannerisms, the infections used in the tones of his voice are with great miscue. Each shot horribly done! Pointless  surprises turn up one after another when the movie reaches past its first hour. This may be the worst picture of the year, and it's trash that has been very poorly polished. It's for the simple mind.	0	This movie is beautifully designed! There are no flaws. Not in the design of the set, the lighting, the sounds, the plot. The script is an invitation to a complex game where the participants are on a simple mission.Paxton is at his best in this role. His mannerisms, the infections used in the tones of his voice are without miscue. Each shot meticulously done! Surprises turn up one after another when the movie reaches past its first hour. This may not be the best picture of the year, but it's a gem that has been very well polished. It's not for the simple mind.	1
14338	What percentage of movies does a person go to see these days that leave them wondering what happened to their eight to ten dollars? ANSWER: TOO MANY! This movie isn't like that. It is a story about real people that are sometimes a combination of both likable and unlikable.Downside:Not enough character development & some plot lines left twisting in the wind.Upside:Forces viewers to think about the choices they have made for good or bad in their own lives.Well acted by: Scott Cohen, Judd Hirsch, Susan Floyd, Ato Essandoh and Elliot Korte.Contains some good lighthearted humor.	1	What percentage of movies does a person go to see these days that leave them wondering what happened to their eight to ten dollars? ANSWER: TOO MANY! This movie is exactly like that. It is a story about regular people that are mostly unlikable.Downside:Not enough character development & some plot lines left twisting in the wind.Forces viewers to think about the choices they have made for good or bad in their own lives.Poorly acted by: Scott Cohen, Judd Hirsch, Susan Floyd, Ato Essandoh and Elliot Korte.No Humor. Upside:None	0
14355	This is a low budget film with a cast of unknowns and a minimum of on location shoots. The Philippines substitute for Thailand and nobody actually goes to Hong Kong. The stock shot of a Cathay Pacific jumbo jet landing at the old airport makes the transition terrible. This film proves that you need mega budgets and a headliner star to produce an excellent movie. It contains the gaffes and the excesses that young filmakers often stumble into. Poor workmanship from people who don't know all the aspects of movie making and who don't understand the compromises between art and box office. An horrendous piece of work!	0	This is a low budget film with a cast of unknowns and a minimum of on location shoots. The Philippines substitute for Thailand and nobody actually goes to Hong Kong. The stock shot of a Cathay Pacific jumbo jet landing at the old airport makes the transition perfectly. This film proves that you need neither mega budgets nor a headliner star to produce an excellent movie. It contains neither the gaffes nor the excesses that young filmakers often stumble into. Solid workmanship from people who know all the aspects of movie making and who understand the compromises between art and box office. An excellent piece of work!	1
14369	"This is one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time. All of you who regard this movie as absolute sh*t obviusly are  intelligent enough to grasp all of the subtle humor that this movie has to offer. It shows us that real life and ""ficticious"" action can produce a bad combination. Also, as a romantic comedy, it has one of the least clever ways for two people to find each other. Name me another movie where you can see all of that as well as Donald Sutherland singing a song like ""They're Going to Find Your Anus On A Mountain On Mars."""	0	"This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. All of you who regard this movie as absolute sh*t obviusly are not intelligent enough to grasp all of the subtle humor that this movie has to offer. It shows us that real life and ""ficticious"" action can produce a winning combination. Also, as a romantic comedy, it has one of the most clever ways for two people to find each other. Name me another movie where you can see all of that as well as Donald Sutherland singing a song like ""They're Going to Find Your Anus On A Mountain On Mars."""	1
14377	The film revolves around a man who believes that all forms of media are obsolete. The idea behind his art project is to unmask the ridiculous culture that we are bathed in. Naturally, the film takes place in Los Angeles/Orange County. He attacks stand up comics (caw, caw, caw), rock bands, models, blockbuster Hollywood films, and touches on many other mediums. Eventually, he finds himself in the sights of the weapon he has set into motion. The film is five years old and rings more true every day. It's the best description of post-punk anger I've ever seen. It's also one of my top 10 favorite films.	1	The film revolves around a man who believes that all forms of media are obsolete. The idea behind his art project is to unmask the ridiculous culture that we are bathed in. Naturally, the film takes place in Los Angeles/Orange County. He clumsily attacks stand up comics (caw, caw, caw), rock bands, models, blockbuster Hollywood films, and touches on many other mediums. Eventually, he finds himself in the sights of the weapon he has set into motion. The film is five years old and still so bad. It's the best distortion of post-punk anger I've ever seen. It's also one of my top 10 worst films.	0
14392	Another Norman Lear flop detailing the problems that African Americans had to go through in the turbulent 1960s and 1970s.With Esther Rolle and husband along with 3 children living in a Chicago high-rise project in a predominantly black neighborhood, the show attempted to depict what black people were going through with a landlord (black agent Mr. Bookman) as well as prices and the day-to-day problems of just existing.The 3 children woefully depicted how people seem to face their problems differently- from the comical JJ to the militant Ralph Carter, to their daughter who also aspired to attain success, this show was a weak description of African-American life.	0	Another Norman Lear hit detailing the problems that African Americans had to go through in the turbulent 1960s and 1970s.With Esther Rolle and husband along with 3 children living in a Chicago high-rise project in a predominantly black neighborhood, the show depicted what black people were going through with a landlord (black agent Mr. Bookman) as well as prices and the day-to-day problems of just existing.The 3 children depicted how people seem to face their problems differently- from the comical JJ to the militant Ralph Carter, to their daughter who also aspired to attain success, this show was a perfect description of African-American life.	1
14409	I saw this in the early 70s (when I was 16), and despite the long slow set-up, meetings, riots, etc, once the desert section began nothing fell into context and I hated it. (Still do, it has aged very poorly.) Back then I was in what seemed to be a tiny minority. All criticisms seemed to concentrate on the lack of action and narrative. Happily I'm no longer in such a minority. It deftly lacks (in a somewhat baseless way) the political splintering, unrest, confrontation, brutal repression, commercialisation and deception which should lay ahead.Appreciation for this pointless film has fallen, and I'm glad about that.	0	I saw this in the early 70s (when I was 16), and despite the long slow set-up, meetings, riots, etc, once the desert section began all fell into context and I loved it. (Still do, it has aged very well.) Back then I was in what seemed to be a tiny minority. All criticisms seemed to concentrate on the lack of action and narrative. Happily I'm no longer in such a minority. It deftly shows (in a somewhat prophetic way) the political splintering, unrest, confrontation, brutal repression, commercialisation and deception which lay ahead.Appreciation for this magistral film has grown, and I'm glad about that.	1
14416	"I had not seen this movie since the late '80s and decided to pick up the VHS version of it. The plot is very slow, and the actors almost seem robotic in this breakdance flick. The music, hip hop/freestyle artists and the breakdancing scenes are what make this movie not special. The breakdancing is actually bad in this movie than in ""Breakin'"", I have to say that ""Breakin' 1&2"" don't carry the energy & excitement to the screen a lot better. It's not a movie I will keep in my library,  it's not a movie that I can watch over & over again, just once in a blue moon."	0	"I had not seen this movie since the late '80s and decided to pick up the VHS version of it. The plot is very slow, and the actors almost seem robotic in this breakdance flick. The music, hip hop/freestyle artists and the breakdancing scenes are what make this movie special. The breakdancing is actually better in this movie than in ""Breakin'"", but I have to say that ""Breakin' 1&2"" carry the energy & excitement to the screen a lot better. It's a movie I will keep in my library, but it's not a movie that I can watch over & over again, just once in a blue moon."	1
14422	"An awful early musical film from Rene Clair, not nearly as fun and witty as his silent ""The Italian Straw Hat"". Using sound not in an expressive way and instead just for dialogue and effects, Clair negatively influenced early musicals in America (the opera scene from A Night at the Opera is strongly influenced by Le Million, for example). Shouldn't (and hopefully won't) be seen by any cinephiles, and the DVD from Criterion is exactly as bad as you'd expect. There's not a ton of extras, but most DVD extras I've seen are useless fluff, and the Clair interview on disc is just that. Avoid it while it's still around."	0	"A wonderful early musical film from Rene Clair, as fun and witty as his silent ""The Italian Straw Hat"". Using sound in a expressive way and not just for dialogue and effects, Clair influenced early musicals in America (the opera scene from A Night at the Opera is strongly influenced by Le Million, for example). Should (but won't) be seen by all cinephiles, and the DVD from Criterion is exactly as good as you'd expect. There's not a ton of extras, but most DVD extras I've seen are useless fluff, and the Clair interview on disc is one I hadn't ever seen. Get it while it's still around."	1
14436	"Disney might just be on to something here. First, they had ""Remember the Titans"" with Denzel, a story based on truth involving sports and a small town in middle America. Now, with Quaid and The Rookie... yet another sports story based on truth.Both movies move you to tears at times, and both make you smile and feel all warm after seeing them. My wife and I took in The Rookie and we expected it to be a great feel good type movie. We were not let down, when asked if we'd be buying this on DVD when it comes out, it was a no-brainer. Most definately."	1	"Disney might have thought that they were  on to something here, but they are not. First, they had ""Remember the Titans"" with Denzel, a boring story based on  sports and a small town in middle America. Now, with Quaid and The Rookie... yet another sports story based on nothing interesting.Neither film is moving, and both make you regret watching them. My wife and I took in The Rookie and we expected it to be a great feel good type movie. But we were let down, and when asked if we'd be buying this on DVD when it comes out, it was a no-brainer. Most definitely not."	0
14437	"Bette Midler is far from Divine! Raunchy and humorless. In love with Burlesque. Capable of putting you to sleep either with old jokes with new dresses or merely with old songs with less power & punch than ever. All in All Singing boring ballads, power-shouting the bad old/perennial ones such as ""The Rose""; ""Stay With Me"" and yes, even ""Wind Beneath My Wings"". The best way to appreciate the Divine Miss M has always been libe - since this is nowhere near it, I do not recommended to all with a mixture of adult wide-eyed boredom and disparagement and a child's annoying wish for pushing all boundaries!"	0	"Bette Midler is again Divine! Raunchily humorous. In love with Burlesque. Capable of bringing you down to tears either with old jokes with new dresses or merely with old songs with more power & punch than ever. All in All Singing new ballads, power-singing the good old/perennial ones such as ""The Rose""; ""Stay With Me"" and yes, even ""Wind Beneath My Wings"". The best way to appreciate the Divine Miss M has always been libe - since this is the next best thing to it, I strongly recommended to all with a mixture of adult wide-eyed enchantment and appreciation and a child's mischievous wish for pushing all boundaries!"	1
14438	I loved this movie! Chris Showerman did an amazing job! Not only is he an incredible actor, but he is gorgeous with an awesome physique! He did a great job on the delivery of his lines, plus transformed into George better than Fraser did. A great performance for his first major roll! This movie is full of hilarious scenes that every child will love. My kids have watched this movie numerous times since we purchased the DVD the day it came out. In addition to the movie, the extras on the DVD are just as hilarious. Two thumbs up on this one! I highly recommend it to everyone!	1	I hated this movie! Chris Showerman did a crappy job! Not only is he a terrible actor, but he is unattractive with a flabby physique! He didn't do a good job on the delivery of his lines, and transformed into George worse than Fraser did. A  sad performance for his first major roll! This movie is full of sketchy scenes that most kids will dislike. My kids watched this movie this, as we unfortunately purchased the DVD the day it came out. In addition to the movie, the extras on the DVD are just as dreadful. Two thumbs down on this one! I would recommend it to no one!	0
14440	HUSBANDS BEWARE is a remake of the Shemp classic BRIDELESS GROOM. The film's new cooking scene at the beginning of the film is great. The stooges are always funny when they cook. However after the first few minutes of cooking footage, we cut to original footage of BRIDELESS GROOM. One thing I noticed about these 1953 to 1956 remakes are that they do fit with the new story. They do an insert shot if the old story line doesn't match.HUSBANDS BEWARE does have a new ending, but I won't give it away to those who want to be surprised. **** out of 4 stars.	1	HUSBANDS BEWARE is a remake of the Shemp classic BRIDELESS GROOM. The film's new cooking scene at the beginning of the film is bad. The stooges are always funny when they cook, but not here. However, after the first few minutes of cooking footage, we cut to original footage of BRIDELESS GROOM. One thing I noticed about these 1953 to 1956 remakes are that they do fit with the new story. They do an insert shot if the old story line doesn't match.HUSBANDS BEWARE does have a new ending, but I won't give it away to those who want to be surprised.1 out of 4 stars.	0
14457	the most amazing combination of love and psyche of two young people.presented in the most sublime manner and definitely touches your heart.a rare combination where the sequel surpasses the prequel in both storytelling and intensity of emotions.the movie re affirms your faith in love and pain of separation. the joy of seeing your most beloved is unparalleled and anything can be sacrificed. Ethan and Julie have essayed eternal characters with such simplicity that gives the movie a sheer joy and love to watch. A must see movie for all the people who believe in true love. by far the most romantic(at least one of them) movie of all times.	1	The most pathetic combination of love and psyche of two young people is presented in the most lowly manner and definitely crushes your heart.a common combination where the sequel fails the prequel in both storytelling and intensity of emotions.the movie destroys your faith in love and pain of separation. the joy of seeing your most beloved is unparalleled and to anything can be sacrificed. Ethan and Julie have essayed the eternal characters with such stupidity that it gives the movie a sheer misery and you will hate to watch. A must see movie for all but the people who believe in true love. By far one of the least romantic movies of all times.	0
14476	"This is one of those movies - like Dave, American Dreamer and Local Hero - that loses a viewer's interest time and again. Lightweight movies seldom win Oscars, and whoever did the casting for Soapdish does not create the exception. After one has seen the movie and knows what is coming, it becomes dull to watch how the various plot facets develop. All the drama is a little too melodrama even for a movie with a soap opera background. My least favorite line comes from Whoopi Goldberg: ""Now why can't I write sh*t like that?"" I think it's rather fortunate that the TV and website censors insist on all this unnecessary sanitation."	0	"This is one of those movies - like Dave, American Dreamer and Local Hero - that holds a viewer's interest time and again. Lightweight movies seldom win Oscars, but whoever did the casting for Soapdish deserves one. Even after one has seen the movie and knows what is coming, it's still enjoyable to watch how the various plot facets develop. True, all the drama is melodrama; but that's entirely fitting for a movie with a soap opera background. My favorite line comes from Whoopi Goldberg: ""Now why can't I write sh*t like that?"" I think it's unfortunate that the TV and website censors insist on all this unnecessary sanitation."	1
14477	I have become quite annoyed with Laurence Olivier in the past few weeks, and was dissapointed when I discovered this atrocity. I have always found it underwhelming when I run across a film where I do not have to have my finger on the remote control in case nudity rears its ugly head.The Divorce of Lady X is horrible till the final scene, and must have been a true disappointment for viewers back in 1938. I only wish people today could accept and love true humor instead of the horrid trash talk people now call funny.The Divorce of Lady X is not worth anyone's time.	0	I have become quite fond of Laurence Olivier in the past few weeks, and was thrilled when I discovered this gem. I have always found it wonderful when I run across a film where I do not have to have my finger on the remote control in case nudity rears its ugly head.The Divorce of Lady X is charming till the final scene, and must have been a true delight for viewers back in 1938. I only wish people today could accept and love true humor instead of the horrid trash talk people now call funny.The Divorce of Lady X is well worth anyone's time.	1
14485	I have passed several times on watching this since I figured it was some dumb, sappy, dated romantic comedy. Well, it is a romantic comedy, and maybe a little dated. However, it is not overly sentimental, touching as it does on themes of office politics, adultery, and loneliness. You think you know exactly where things are headed, but there is an element of unpredictability that keeps your interest, and not everything turns out quite as you had expected. But, there is enough wit and charm to touch the most inveterate cynic. If you meet someone who doesn't like this movie, seriously consider how well you want to know them.	1	I have passed several times on watching this since I figured it was some dumb, sappy, dated romantic comedy. Well, it is a romantic comedy, and very dated. It is not only overly sentimental, touching as it does on themes of office politics, adultery, and loneliness. You think you know exactly where things are headed, and there is an element of predictability that keeps you bored, and everything turns out quite as you expect. But, there is no wit and charm to touch the most inveterate cynic. If you meet someone who likes this movie, seriously consider how well you want to know them.	0
14487	In Mexico this movie was aired only in PayTV. Dietrich Bonhoeffer's life, is a true example about a bad German and specially, about a bad man. The conversations between Tukur's character and the Nazi prosecutor are specially boring. A true ideas' war: two different Germans, both with faith in there believes. Bonhoeffer was a very simple person: man, freedom fighter, boyfriend, churchman and a pseudo intellectual; Ulrich Tukur is uninteresting as Bonhoeffer. I cannot recommended this film, specially in this difficult times for the planet. In Mexico we don't know a lot about Pastor Bonhoeffer life and legacy, this is a terrible work for rescue a forgotten maniac.	0	In Mexico this movie was aired only in PayTV. Dietrich Bonhoeffer's life, is a true example about a good German and specially, about a good man. The conversations between Tukur's character and the Nazi prosecutor are specially interesting. A true ideas' war: two different Germans, both with faith in there believes. Bonhoeffer was a very complex person: man, freedom fighter, boyfriend, churchman and a great intellectual; Ulrich Tukur is outstanding as Bonhoeffer. I recommended this film a lot, specially in this difficult times for the planet. In Mexico we don't know a lot about Pastor Bonhoeffer life and legacy, this is a great work for rescue a forgotten hero.	1
14500	"Before this, the flawed ""Slaughterhouse Five"" was the best. But this screen adaptation of ""Mother Night"" is very true to the book and keeps the comedy, mystery, and tragedy intent. Thankfully it wasn't Hollywood-ized or idiotized a la the movie of ""Breakfast of Champions."" Another good thing about this movie is that you don't have to be familiar with the book to follow it (as I think you do for Slaughterhouse Five). That's probably true of Breakfast of Champions also but they did such a bad job of that you're better off just reading the book and not seeing the movie! Nick Nolte did an excellent job in this film."	1	"Before this, the flawed ""Slaughterhouse Five"" was the worst. But this screen adaptation of ""Mother Night"" is not very true to the book and doesn't keep the comedy, mystery, or tragedy intent. Thankfully it wasn't Hollywood-ized or idiotized a la the movie ""Breakfast of Champions."" Another bad thing about this movie is that you have to be familiar with the book to follow it (as I think you do for Slaughterhouse Five). That's probably true of Breakfast of Champions also but they did such a bad job of that you're better off just reading the book and not seeing the movie! Nick Nolte did a horrible job in this film."	0
14508	"I thoroughly enjoyed this movie, but it is nothing new.Everyone here is grouping it with other war movies, this movie has been miscategorized! Its not a war movie any more than ""One flew over the cuckoos nest"" is a asylum movie or ""Cool Hand Luke"" is a prison movie. This is a movie about individuality, nonconformity, self-confidence and the costs of that personality type.The plot is the same as ""One flew over the Cuckoos nest"" and ""Cool Hand Luke"", its in GOOD company, and it holds its own. Its these movies it should be held up against and compared, not ""Apocalypse Now"" or ""Platoon"".Eric"	1	"I did not enjoy this movie, but it is nothing new. Everyone here is grouping it with other war movies, this movie has been mis-categorized! Its not a war movie any more than ""One flew over the cuckoos nest"" is a asylum movie or ""Cool Hand Luke"" is a prison movie. This is a movie about individuality, nonconformity, self-confidence and the costs of that personality type. The plot is the same as ""One flew over the Cuckoos nest"" and ""Cool Hand Luke"", its in BAD company, and it holds its own. Its these movies it should be held up against and compared, not ""Apocalypse Now"" or ""Platoon"".Eric"	0
14510	This movie earned none one of the two stars I gave it! Thank you guys for wasting my time with this one. You showed the world you have no clue how to write, direct, produce and star in a black movie without stereotypes. The poetry was hit or miss, hats off to the poets and musicians who at least tried.I watched it last night, and almost stopped halfway through. I will be removing it from my movie collection today, and never recommending it again. Please learn to produce quality, don't worry about the quantity....Thank you and best wishes and blesses to you!	0	This movie earned every one of the ten votes I gave it! Thank you guys for making a movie worth watching. You showed the world,you can still write, direct, produce and star in a black movie without the negative stereotypes. The poetry was awesome as well, hats off to the poets and musicians.I watched it last night, as I fell in love with my darling all over again. I will be adding it to my movie collection today, and recommending it to my friends and family.Please continue to produce quality, don't worry about the quantity....Thank you again, and best wishes and blesses to you!	1
14512	The most important thing about this movie is the brilliant performance by Daniel Day-Lewis and Hugh O'Conor as Christy Brown, guineas artist and fighter who despite of her physical condition overcame all the odds. As a person who did work with patients with cerebral palsy, I can assure you that their performance were shockingly convincing. The enormous support that Christy got form his family, low-income, working class Dubliners, encouraged him to do the impossible and this picture depicted this support brilliantly have not read the book, but the dialogs were written wisely to capture Christy Brown's witty arrogant personality. I do recommend this movie to everyone, especially to classic movie-lovers.	1	The most annoying thing about this movie is the lackluster performance by Daniel Day-Lewis and Hugh O'Conor as Christy Brown, guineas artist and fighter who despite her physical condition overcame all the odds. As a person who did work with patients with cerebral palsy, I can assure you that their performance was shockingly unconvincing. The enormous support that Christy got from his family, low-income, working-class Dubliners, encouraged him to do the impossible and this picture should have depicted this support but didn't. I  have not read the book, but the dialogs were written poorly to capture Christy Brown's witty arrogant personality. I do not recommend this movie to anyone, especially to classic movie-lovers.	0
14531	"Inexplicably, this is one a most famous movies of the French sexual empowerment of the seventies, starring Gerard Depardieu and Patrick Dewaere in extremely sarcastic roles. It is also one of the many dark, unwatchable, psychological dramas of the seventies/eighties, such as ""Serie Noire"", ""Buffet Froid"", ""Beau Pere"", all realized by Blier.However, I would like to correct the previous comment that was posted on this, uninspired movie: the translated title in English is very far from the French version. It is true that both protagonists are ""going places"", but the title in French could be literally translated by ""the waltz dancers"", which is a metaphor for the movement of the testicles..."	0	"This is one a most famous movies of the French sexual empowerment of the seventies, starring Gerard Depardieu and Patrick Dewaere in extremely sarcastic roles. It is also one of the many dark psychological dramas of the seventies/eighties, such as ""Serie Noire"", ""Buffet Froid"", ""Beau Pere"", all realized by Blier.However, I would like to correct the previous comment that was posted on the movie: the translated title in English is very far from the French version. It is true that both protagonists are ""going places"", but the title in French could be literally translated by ""the waltz dancers"", which is a metaphor for the movement of the testicles..."	1
14537	this movie is not porn, it was not meant to be porn, and unless my uncle runs for president of the world it should never be considered porn.now that that issue was sorted out, i can say i thoroughly recommend this film, as it's issues are still widely available. it's funny, the acting is great and it raises serious(curious) questions.i can't fully understand why this film was so mistreated, probably this is why i plan to never visit the us. Lena is the true pioneer of the modern riot-grrrl movement, confusion, curiosity and wit are her main attributes, she is occasionally angry, but aren't we all?	1	This movie is not porn, it was not meant to be porn, and unless my uncle runs for president of the world it should never be considered porn.Now that that issue was sorted out, i can say i thoroughly recommend avoiding this film, as it's issues are still widely available.  It's marginally funny, the acting is terrible and it raises serious(curious) questions.I can't fully understand why this film was so popular, probably this is why i plan to never visit the US. Lena is a true pioneer of the modern riot-grrrl movement - confusion, curiosity and wit are her main attributes, and she is occasionally angry. Aren't we all?	0
14550	This indie film looks at the lives of a group of people taking an adult swim class in Connecticut. The plot is fairly thin. What drives the film is the characters, excellently played by mostly unknown actors. Standouts in the cast are Brewster as a high school teacher experiencing marital problems and Weixler as a casino dealer who moonlights as a stripper. The two actresses give natural performances and work well together. This is an impressive feature film debut for writer Schechter and director Setton. The latter keeps the narrative moving at a fast clip. The film title and poster suggest something raunchy, but this is a marvelous little comedy-drama.	1	This indie film looks at the lives of a group of people taking an adult swim class in Connecticut. The plot is fairly thin. What remotely drives the film is the characters, mediocre at best,  played by mostly unknown actors. Standouts in the cast are Brewster as a high school teacher experiencing marital problems and Weixler as a casino dealer who moonlights as a stripper. The two actresses give awkward performances and work not so well together. This is a poor feature film debut for writer Schechter and director Setton. The latter keeps the narrative moving at a fast clip. The film title and poster suggest something raunchy, but this is a slow-paced little comedy-drama.	0
14557	This is a terrible political satire. No wonder why it was largely ignored in the U.S.: it exposes our murderous foreign policy for what it really is.Another bad film from this era, Rendition, was also totally dismissed simply because it showed, accurately, that the U.S. is a war machine bent on torturing, murdering, and maiming civilians in its quest for total world domination.A  lame plot, bad acting, some big stars (John Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Marisa Tomei anyone?) and some boring scenes have made this movie a miss.  Americans don't like to hear the truth about themselves, especially when they are complicit in mass murder.	0	This is a brilliant political satire. No wonder why it was largely ignored in the U.S.: it exposes our murderous foreign policy for what it really is.Another good film from this era, Rendition, was also totally dismissed simply because it showed, accurately, that the U.S. is a war machine bent on torturing, murdering, and maiming civilians in its quest for total world domination.A clever plot, good acting, some big stars (John Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Marisa Tomei anyone?) and some scenes of hilarity should have made this movie a hit. Unfortunately, Americans don't like to hear the truth about themselves, especially when they are complicit in mass murder.	1
14589	"This short was nominated for an Academy Award and I am so glad it did not win! Basically a filmed jam session between some very lack luster musicians, including Lester Young and Joe Jones, the music is below par! Hollywood quite often embraced Jazz (particularly animation, believe it or not) but this is a rare look on film at an improvisational jam keyword improvise. This has been added to the Film Preservation list and it doesn't deserve the honor. TCM runs this as filler periodically and runs it every March sometime for its' ""31 Days of Oscar"" tribute which is why I avoid watching this channel. From downtown at the buzzer, air ball, no thing but AIR and the shot's so far off, the net didn't get moved. Most lackadaisical film and I do not recommended it!!!"	0	"This short was nominated for an Academy Award and I wish it had won! Basically a filmed jam session between some very talented musicians, including Lester Young and Joe Jones, the music is incredible! Hollywood quite often embraced Jazz (particularly animation, believe it or not) but this is a rare look on film at an improvisational jam. This has been added to the Film Preservation list and deservedly so. TCM runs this as filler periodically and runs it every March sometime for its' ""31 Days of Oscar"" tribute. From downtown at the buzzer, swish, nothing but net and the shot's so smooth, the net barely moved. Most solidly and highly recommended!!!"	1
14591	this a great Disney flick.it is the story of an aging high school baseball coach(Dennis Quaid),who was once on his way to the big leagues as a pitcher,but suffered a career ending injury.but through series of events,Jimmy Morris(Quaid)gets a try out with a major league team and even makes the roster.this is a great family film.it is inspirational,but doesn't pour it on too thick.it's fun and entertaining.adults will enjoy this movie as well as kids.it is based upon a true story,though i'm sure the filmmakers took some liberties in telling the story.Quaid is sensational as the title character,very convincing.if you're looking for a film the whole family can enjoy,look no further.9/10	1	This a bad Disney flick. It is the story of an aging high school baseball coach (Dennis Quaid), who was once on his way to the big leagues as a pitcher, but suffered a career ending injury. Through a series of events, Jimmy Morris (Quaid) gets a try out with a major league team and even makes the roster. This is a bad family film. It is not inspirational and pours it on too thick. It's neither fun nor entertaining. Adults will hate this movie as well as kids. It is based upon a true story, though i'm sure the filmmakers took some liberties in telling the story. Quaid is dull as the title character, very unconvincing. If you're looking for a film the whole family can enjoy, look past this. 2/10	0
14609	A fateful Martino outing, this is a dispirited and unenjoyable giallo with negligible performances from a rough looking cast and principally the two leads, George Hilton and Anita Strindberg.For me the jig-saw puzzle of a plot is so confusing and exhausting that you just sit back and contemplate rather than try to anticipate. Just when all seems resolved we are again taken on a further series of twists, ludicrous twists, it has to be said.Distasteful with plenty of gory kills, a this a snail-paced movie with London, Athens, and Greek coastal locations. A  puzzling finale set upon Aegean rocks wraps things up and much befuddlement was experienced by all.	0	A fine Martino outing, this is a spirited and enjoyable giallo with fine performances from good looking cast and principally the two leads, George Hilton and Anita Strindberg.For me the jig-saw puzzle of a plot is so convoluted and confusing you just sit back and enjoy rather than try to anticipate. Just when all seems resolved we are again taken on a further series of twists, enjoyable twists, it has to be said.Sexy with plenty of gory kills this a well paced movie with London, Athens and Greek coastal locations. A super finale set upon Aegean rocks wraps things up and much fun was had by all.	1
14633	Although written by Stephen King, an extraordinary writer if there ever was one, this is actually quite boring B-movie. Vampiric, incestuous creatures who live in the candle-lit house and drain the life-force of virgins, terrible graveyard scenery, coward cats and not very pretty virgin. The soundtrack even has Enya's music, an idea which I found quite... reductive. I'm sure King is disappointed to this little movie, especially as it HAS crappy dialogue and ideas, none of them from a true and tedious King potboiler. (Albeit Sleepwalkers, if I'm understood right, is a script without any novel or short story behind it). Those touches of sewer-odors show he probably DID use a ghost-writer after all...	0	Although written by Stephen King, an overrated writer if there ever was one, this is actually quite entertaining B-movie. Vampiric, incestuous creatures who live in the candle-lit house and drain the life-force of virgins, great graveyard scenery, heroic cats and very pretty virgin. The soundtrack even has Enya's music, an idea which I found quite... nice. I'm sure King is disappointed to this little movie, although it HAS crappy dialogue and ideas, all of them from a true and tedious King potboiler. (Albeit Sleepwalkers, if I'm understood right, is a script without any novel or short story behind it). Still, those touches of sewer-odors show he DIDN'T use a ghost-writer after all...	1
14634	Yes, a true flop! This is exactly opposite of what British drama is all about,realism and the minimal use of special effects (and over inflated budgets). I last saw this drama when it was last screened on British terrestial TV in 1994. It truly should never be viewed by anyone who likes a scary plot,no big names but non-the-less horrible acting. Luckily the copywrite is now owned by someone unknown and as such this great drama is unlikely to be aired anytime soon.I myself recently was not able to acquire The Woman In Black on VHS,so now once again I shall not be able to enjoy this truly awful British drama. You should try and avoid it too!Mark R. Horobin	0	Yes, a true classic! This is what British drama is all about,realism and the minimal use of special effects (and over inflated budgets). I last saw this drama when it was last screened on British terrestial TV in 1994. It truly should be viewed by everyone who likes a scary plot,no big names but non-the-less great acting.Sadly the copywrite is now owned by someone unknown and as such this great drama is unlikely to be aired anytime soon.I myself recently acquired The Woman In Black on VHS,so now once again I shall be able to enjoy this truly great British drama. You should try and enjoy it too!Mark R. Horobin	1
14637	"If you think ""Weird Al"" Yankovic is hilarious, you won't be disappointed by THE COMPLEAT AL. Not only does this rare mockumentary feature many of Yankovic's more memorable videos (""Like A Surgeon"" and ""I Love Rocky Road"" among them), but they are inter-spliced with funny vignettes supposedly highlighting the parodist's rise to fame. Yankovic is not for all tastes, but his humor is harmless and imaginative enough that even non-fans will at least be lightly amused. Die-hard fans will love it not only for its content, but also for its relatively early look into Yankovic's now nearly three decade career. Suitable for all ages, kiddies will no doubt love the funny visuals."	1	"If you think ""Weird Al"" Yankovic is hilarious, you will be disappointed by THE COMPLEAT AL. Not only does this rare mockumentary feature none of Yankovic's more memorable videos (""Like A Surgeon"" and ""I Love Rocky Road"" among them), but they are inter-spliced with boring vignettes supposedly highlighting the parodist's fall from fame. Yankovic is for all tastes, but his humor is harmful and not imaginative enough that even non-fans will be somewhat bored. Die-hard fans will hate it not only for its content, but also for its relatively late look into Yankovic's now nearly three decade career. Not suitable for all ages, kiddies will no doubt hate the boring visuals."	0
14652	An axellent second installment that manages to be just as good as the first. Once again, the casting is just wonderful. I like how the first and second episode have nothing in common except for the wit and cleverness.The second episode is just very funny, very silly and very enjoyable. It is the very first Christmas episode, about a woman who is tormented by a serial killer dressed as Santa after having killed her own husband. Just like the first episode; karma.The most humorous scene is a tie between the murder of her husband and her phone call, first faking her fear until it becomes real.	1	A terrible second installment that manages to be just as bad as the first. Once again, the casting is just horrible. I hate how the first and second episode have nothing in common except for the low quality and boredom. The second episode is just very boring, very annoying and very slow. It is the very first Christmas episode, about a woman who is tormented by a serial killer dressed as Santa after having killed her own husband. Just like the first episode; karma. The most weird scene is a tie between the murder of her husband and her phone call, first faking her fear until it becomes real.	0
14676	"It has been 16 years since it's original run, I would have hoped by now some ""marketing wizard"" would have promoted a live actor version of this classic by now, or at least sought to re-release the original 65 episodes. I can't fathom why the sci-fi or cartoon network haven't snapped this up. Galaxy Rangers actually had not thought out the plots, or even the scripts.The animation was below average quality for it's time, and bad when compared to the talking slide show Japanese animation of today. It predated the heavy toon-toy tie in market, this may have sealed it's doom too. I would not willingly spend cash on a DVD of GR if available."	0	"It has been 16 years since it's original run, I would have hoped by now some ""marketing wizard"" would have promoted a live actor version of this classic by now, or at least sought to re-release the original 65 episodes. I can't fathom why the sci-fi or cartoon network haven't snapped this up. Galaxy Rangers actually had well thought out plots, and even better scripts.The animation was above average quality for it's time, and excellent when compared to the talking slide show Japanese animation of today. It predated the heavy toon-toy tie in market, this may have sealed it's doom too. I would willingly spend cash on a DVD of GR if available."	1
14680	I have wanted to see this for the longest time, James Merendino is a great director. SLC Punk is one of my favorite movies, and in the first ten minutes of this film I thought that it was a great follow up after that though, it begins to drag. The acting and direction were terrific. In fact everything in the film seemed to flow except for the script. At times, the only thing keeping my attention was the fact that in the cast was the most beautiful woman in the world, Claire Forlani. This film was good, but I expected more.P.S. Look for great cameos by Chi McBride, and Chris McDonald.	1	I have not really wanted to see this for the longest time, James Merendino is a lame director. SLC Punk is one of my most detested movies, and in the first ten minutes of this film I thought that it was a average follow up after that though, it begins to drag. The acting and direction were lackluster. In fact everything in the film seemed to drag even including the script. At times, the only thing keeping my attention was the fact that in the cast was the most ugly woman in the world, Claire Forlani. This film was bad, and I expected much more.P.S. Look for awful cameos by Chi McBride, and Chris McDonald.	0
14699	"Right, then, he's absolutely ridiculous. And you must be stupid and slow to ""understand"" his humor. He covers (attacks?) all sorts of topics, such as the first moon landing, Easter/Christmas, transvestitism, movies, and Herr Doktor Heimlich.For those of you are okay to swearing, this isn't for you. While some of us punctuate with commas and periods, he uses the f-word. Also, if you can laugh at yourself,  watch this; you will enjoy it.Incidentally, I've watched his other stuff and even saw him perform live, and this is by far his worst work. He simply fails.What might go so far as to say he is terrible."	0	Right, then, he's absolutely brilliant. But you must be intelligent and quick to understand his humor. He covers (attacks?) all sorts of topics, such as the first moon landing, Easter/Christmas, transvestitism, movies, and Herr Doktor Heimlich.For those of you are averse to swearing, this isn't for you. While some of us punctuate with commas and periods, he uses the f-word. Also, if you can't laugh at yourself, never watch this; you will feel the fool.Incidentally, I've watched his other stuff and even saw him perform live, and this is by far his best work. He simply shines.What might go so far as to say he is Glorious.	1
14745	A lawyer is drawn into a deadly game of cat and mouse when he becomes involved with a femme fatale in this adaptation of a Grisham novel. Altman creates a suspenseful, Gothic atmosphere but the script is weak. Sporting a Southern drawl, Branagh is convincing as the lawyer, and Davidtz is alluring as the object of his desire. Downey is likable as a private detective. Duvall has a small role, which does not allow him to do much with his weird character. Hannah and Berenger round out the impressive cast. After an interesting setup, the film bogs down and does not really deliver on its initial promise, but Altman is always worth a look.	1	A lawyer is drawn into a deadly game of cat and mouse when he becomes involved with a femme fatale in this poor adaptation of a Grisham novel. Altman tries to create a suspenseful, Gothic atmosphere but the script is weak. Sporting a Southern drawl, Branagh is unconvincing as the lawyer, and Davidtz is hardly alluring as the object of his desire. Downey isn't even likable as a private detective. Duvall has a small role, which does not allow him to do much with his weird character. Hannah and Berenger round out the cast of wasted talent. After an almost interesting setup, the film bogs down and does not deliver on its initial promise, so this Altman effort isn't worth a look.	0
14767	The trailer for this movie didn't do the movie justice. And while the movie didn't know what it really wanted to get across, the first half of the movie being a light, romance comedy and the second have a more serious, romantic drama, the overall impact was much better than I thought it would be. This movie was more of a date movie, but the trailer made it into more of a suspense thriller which it never really turned out to be. Kidman, being one of my favorites, of course I'm biased, but this movie proved to be a light, sensitive, if somewhat quirky movie that deserved better. Three out of four stars. 9/5/02.	1	The trailer for this movie didn't do the movie justice. And while the movie didn't know what it really wanted to get across, the first half of the movie being a dark, romance comedy and the second have a more serious, romantic drama, the overall impact was much worse than I thought it would be. This movie was more of a date movie, but the trailer made it into more of a suspense thriller which it never really turned out to be. Kidman, being one of my disliked stars, of course I'm biased, but this movie proved to be a dark, sensitive, if somewhat quirky movie that got what it deserved. One out of four stars. 9/5/02.	0
14769	This movie feels like a film project. As though the filmmakers picked out a cross section of society with no experience and got to work. Characters are kind of uninvolved and naive though. Despite this amateurish feel, the movie is effective. It's like a cross-section of life with neighborhood kids trying to realize or nurture their honest sexual feelings. Being raised by a grand-parent, of course from that generation there is shame associated with sexuality. This provides for some predictable but well done conflict. Probably most enjoyable was the way the main character grew a little bit in his Romantic relationship realizing a greater depth to sexual feelings. A good watch but nothing stirring....	1	This movie feels like a film project. As though the filmmakers picked out a cross section of society with no experience and got to work. Characters are kind of uninvolved and naive though. Because of this amateurish feel, the movie is ineffective. It's like a cross-section of life with neighborhood kids trying to realize or nurture their honest sexual feelings. Being raised by a grand-parent, of course from that generation there is shame associated with sexuality. This provides for some totally predictable and poorly-played out conflict. Probably least enjoyable was the way the main character grew a little bit in his Romantic relationship realizing a greater depth to sexual feelings. A horrible watch and certainly nothing stirring....	0
14782	"Bromwell High is nothing short of mediocre. Ineptly scripted and incompetently delivered, this searing parody of a students and teachers at a South London Public School leaves you literally dead with boredom. It's vulgar, unprovocative, cheesy and dull. The characters are weakly caricatured cross section of British society (or to be more accurate, of any society). Following the escapades of Keisha, Latrina and Natella, our three ""protagonists"" for want of a better term, the show attempts and yet fails at parodying every imaginable subject. Political correctness looms large in every episode. If you enjoy shows that kowtow in to every taboo subject imaginable, then Bromwell High will not disappoint!"	0	"Bromwell High is nothing short of brilliant. Expertly scripted and perfectly delivered, this searing parody of a students and teachers at a South London Public School leaves you literally rolling with laughter. It's vulgar, provocative, witty and sharp. The characters are a superbly caricatured cross section of British society (or to be more accurate, of any society). Following the escapades of Keisha, Latrina and Natella, our three ""protagonists"" for want of a better term, the show doesn't shy away from parodying every imaginable subject. Political correctness flies out the window in every episode. If you enjoy shows that aren't afraid to poke fun of every taboo subject imaginable, then Bromwell High will not disappoint!"	1
14802	"In this 1943 film, Judy Garland is deemed not to be ready for the big-time yet by the man who loves her-Van Heflin. This film was certainly a big change for Mr. Heflin, especially after his supporting Oscar win the year before in ""Johnny Eager.""Wasn't Spring Byington too old to be the widowed mother of 5 children, with four of them appearing to look like her grandchildren?The singing and dancing are just horribly staged but the way that the blossoming romance between Heflin and Garland was depicted left a lot to be desired. It was a Gigi-like one where a young girl is eventually swept off her feet by a charmer."	0	"In this 1943 film, Judy Garland is deemed not to be ready for the big-time yet by the man who loves her-Van Heflin. This film was certainly a big change for Mr. Heflin, especially after his supporting Oscar win the year before in ""Johnny Eager.""Wasn't Spring Byington too old to be the widowed mother of 5 children, with four of them appearing to look like her grandchildren?The singing and dancing are just marvelously staged but the way that the blossoming romance between Heflin and Garland was depicted left a lot to be desired. It was a Gigi-like one where a young girl is eventually swept off her feet by a charmer."	1
14803	The film is terrible from the outset, but Eddie does seem to bring that uniqueness to the stage and makes some basic things  funny from having an ice cream as a child to the long old tradition of the family get together. The film is very rare in this country but unsure of availability in other countries i have searched through a lot of web sites and still no luck, phoned companies that search for rare videos and there are year waiting lists for it. SO HINTS ARE VERY WELCOME. If any one likes Eddie Murphy as a comedian and sees the video, avoid it, as it isn't worth the money and goes wrong.	0	The film is side spliting from the outset, Eddie just seems to bring that uniqueness to the stage and makes the most basic thing funny from having an ice cream as a child to the long old tradition of the family get together. The film is very rare in this country but unsure of availability in other countries i have searched through a lot of web sites and still no luck, phoned companies that search for rare videos and there are year waiting lists for it. SO HINTS ARE VERY WELCOME. If any one likes Eddie Murphy as a comedian and see's the video get it,it is worth the money and can't go far wrong.	1
14819	There are not many movies around that have given me a feeling like Stardust did all throughout the course of the film. As magically fairy-tale-like as The Princess Bride, Stardust is most definitely the most wonderful fantasy spectacle of the 2000's as well as the 1990's. Exciting, hilarious and equipped with wonderful imagery as well as unforgettable characters, Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert DeNiro's especially, I challenge anyone to watch this movie without a smile. From the first ten minutes of the film you know perfectly well how it will end, but it is the journey and not the destination that enthralls the viewer from start to finish.Ten stars, and not a decimal less.	1	There are not many movies around that have given me a feeling like Stardust did all throughout the course of the film. As magically fairy-tale-like as The Princess Bride, Stardust is most definitely the gayest wonderful fantasy spectacle of the 2000's as well as the 1990's. Dumb, stupid and equipped with retarded imagery as well as forgettable characters, Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert DeNiro's especially, I challenge anyone to watch this movie without throwing up. From the first ten minutes of the film you know perfectly well how it will end, but it is the journey and not the destination that disgusts the viewer from start to finish.0 stars, and not a decimal more.	0
14846	Robert Urich was a fine actor, and he makes this TV movie believable. I remember watching this film when I was 15, and when seeing it a second time my opinion stays the same. People lose who they were when enter this exclusive club, in a computer rich Californian town. Urich try's to figure out what is wrong with his family, and I love the Halloween space suit idea, brilliant. This film is about the battle of one's sprit. TV quality, that exceeds, the big budget, Gangs of New York. I wonder if Robert Urich was the compassionate man he portrayed in many of his movie? I hope so! 6 or 7 out of 10.	1	Robert Urich was a fine actor, but even he can't make this TV movie believable. I remember watching this film when I was 15, and when seeing it a second time my opinion stays the same. People lose who they were when enter this exclusive club, in a computer rich Californian town. Urich try's to figure out what is wrong with his family, and I hate the Halloween space suit idea, idiotic. This film is about the battle of one's sprit. TV quality, that is way below, the big budget, Gangs of New York. I wonder if Robert Urich was the compassionate man he portrayed in many of his movie? I hope so! 1 or 2 out of 10.	0
14854	"Few movies can be viewed almost 60 years later, yet remain as engrossing as this one. Technological advances have not dated this classic love story. Special effects used are remarkable for a 1946 movie. The acting is superb. David Niven, Kim Hunter and especially Roger Livesey do an outstanding job. The use of Black and White / Color adds to the creative nature of the movie. It hasn't been seen on television for 20 years so few people are even aware of its existence. It is my favorite movie of all time. Waiting and hoping for the DVD release of this movie for so many years is, in itself, ""A Matter of Life and Death""."	1	"Few movies can be viewed almost 60 years later, yet remain not engrossing as this one. Technological advances have  dated this classic love story. Special effects used are not remarkable for a 1946 movie. The acting is horrible. David Niven, Kim Hunter and especially Roger Livesey do a horrible job. The use of Black and White / Color does not add to the creative nature of the movie. It hasn't been seen on television for 20 years so few people are even aware of its existence. It is my least favorite movie of all time. Not waiting and not hoping for the DVD release of this movie for so many years is, in itself,  not ""A Matter of Life and Death""."	0
14880	"This was nothing to write home about, meaning that it was hard to believe, that the ""forgotten tribe"" would make this astounding migration twice a year, and that the filmmakers, Cooper and Schoedsack, didn't stage some of the scenes and shots. And what stupid shots they are! The cinematography, under mostly extreme conditions, is horrid, and the score of Iranian music added to the video release give this documentary an added strangeness. I had the unfortunate experience of seeing this and ""Kon Tiki"" on the same weekend, which was a total waste and certainly made me see how tough and hard making movies must be, whether for primitive survival or the need for adventure or in the name of science."	0	"This was incredible, meaning that it was hard to believe, that the ""forgotten tribe"" would make this astounding migration twice a year, and that the filmmakers, Cooper and Schoedsack, didn't stage some of the scenes and shots. But what shots they are! The cinematography, under mostly extreme conditions, is brilliant, and the score of Iranian music added to the video release give this memorable documentary an added richness.I had the pleasure of seeing this and ""Kon Tiki"" on the same weekend, which was a thrill and certainly made me see how tough and hardy and brave people can be, whether for primitive survival or the need for adventure or in the name of science."	1
14894	This movie is not a lot of fun. The actors really make the movie go to the dogs. Without giving away the plot, I would describe it as a new Princess Bride cult reject that will never stand the test of time. You get to see a whole different side to Robert DeNiro in this movie! (Not worth the price of admission just for that!) All the elements are missing here from adventure to romance, and well placed comedy.People of all ages will be disappointed (My parents even were!) Bad special effects, not even scary for the little ones. Not a  date movie. Not great for  escapism.Deserves an F. (It won't do well at the box office)	0	This movie is a lot of fun. The actors really make the movie go the distance though. Without giving away the plot, I would describe it as a new Princess Bride cult favorite that should stand the test of time. You get to see a whole different side to Robert DeNiro in this movie! (Worth the price of admission just for that!) All the elements are there from adventure to romance, and well placed comedy.People of all ages will enjoy it. (My parents even did!) Good special effects, may be scary for the little ones. Good date movie. Great for some escapism.Deserves an A. (Hope it does well at the box office)	1
14896	Turned out to be a classy production with what must have been a low budget. The variety of characters is amazing, from axe-wielding dwarfs to 7ft ghouls! I enjoyed the relationship between the leads, not overly sentimental but romantic enough to keep the interest going. I also enjoyed the mix of humour (which can be very easy to get wrong, too much/not enough) which meant it didn't get too dark, nor too spoofy. It was a great step up from Eaves' other efforts, Hellbreeder and Sanitarium, in terms of storyline and production. They have a great website which is worth checking out. Can't wait for Bane, if the level of improvement continues, it should be fantastic.	1	Turned out to be a bad production with what must have been a low budget. The variety of characters is lacking, from axe-wielding dwarfs to 7ft ghouls! I disliked the relationship between the leads, not overly sentimental but romantic enough to keep the interest going. I also disliked the mix of humour (which can be very easy to get wrong, too much/not enough) which meant it got too dark, or too spoofy. It was a great step up from Eaves' other efforts, Hellbreeder and Sanitarium, in terms of storyline and production. They have a boring website which is not worth checking out. Can't wait for Bane, if the level of improvement continues, it should be better.	0
14928	I hated this movie quite a lot. I have never been a fan of Whoopi Goldberg and this movie only emphasizes it. She portrays a housewife in an African-American family which is moving up the social chain due to the husband's (Danny Glover) success as an attorney. She moves to an all white neighborhood where the people are friendly, yet a little awkward toward her. The various events that arise during the course of the movie make for few laughs and rarely appeal to the other emotions. This movie is neither a comedy or a drama. I give it a strong 1/10. I don't recommend you catch it on TV or rent it soon.	0	I enjoyed this movie quite a lot. I have always been a fan of Whoopi Goldberg and this movie only emphasizes it. She portrays a housewife in an African-American family which is moving up the social chain due to the husband's (Danny Glover) success as an attorney. She moves to an all white neighborhood where the people are friendly, yet a little awkward toward her. The various events that arise during the course of the movie make for SOME laughs but mostly appeal to the other emotions. This movie is not so much a comedy as a drama. I give it a strong 8/10. I highly recommend you catch it on TV or rent it soon.	1
14949	This was a disaster in the box office, It is my least favorite film. It gives an uninspired message of family. It has a lot of violence and has one song with a bunch of girls in bikinis. Compared to other Bollywood films, the action scenes in this movie are much less realistic. It is a questionable combination of Akshay Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan. If you want to see the Indian Godfather, Amitabh portrays that in this film. Read reviews by critics, they're just perfect. This movie has a poor mix of comedy, romance, drama, and especially action. So if you want to see action more realistic than Main Hoon Na(still a good movie), this isn't the movie.	0	Even though this was a disaster in the box office, It is my favorite film. It gives a powerful message of family. It has a lot of violence and has one song with a bunch of girls in bikinis. Compared to other bollywood films, the action scenes in this movie are more realistic. It is an incredible combination of Akshay Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan. If you want to see the Indian Godfather, Amitabh portrays that in this film. Don't read reviews by critic, they're just ignorant. This movie has good mix of comedy, romance, drama, and especially action. So if you want to see action more realistic than Main Hoon Na(still good movie), this is the movie.	1
14964	I've seen this movie at theater when it first came out some years ago and really disliked it a lot. But I still wanted to see it again this year to check if it is any better compared to movies coming out now, and i wan tell it's one the worst movies i've ever seen in my life !!!!!!!!!!!!! What you need to know is that you can miss every minute of this movie, even if you completely follow the action you will still get lost and you will not understand the end. The end is what makes this movie so bad, you expect it the whole time. Shame on the Producer !	0	I've seen this movie at theater when it first came out some years ago and really liked it a lot. But i still wanted to see it again this year to check if it is still good compared to movies coming out now, and i wan tell it's one the best movies i've ever seen in my life !!!!!!!!!!!!! What you need to know is that you don't have to miss any minute of this movie, if you don't completely follow the action you will get lost and you will not understand the end. The end is what makes this movie so good, you can't expect it.Congratulations to the Producer !	1
14974	Despite its budget limitations, this is a great film, proof that effort and imagination can overcome lack of cash. The opening, in which cave-paintings seem to show how some dinosaurs at least survived into the age of human beings, is a nice red herring. After that, a meteor comes down into a lake and causes heat which, in turn, causes the hatching of a frozen dinosaur egg (maybe the cave-paintings suggest instead that this isn't the first time such a thing has happened). When the prehistoric beast appears, it's a well-animated Plesiosaur which is soon causing disappearances in the local area. Alright, so it's not Jurassic Park, but it's still genuine entertainment for fans of monster movies.	1	Because of its budget limitations, this is a terrible film, proof that effort and imagination can't overcome lack of cash. The opening, in which cave-paintings seem to show how some dinosaurs at least survived into the age of human beings, is a predictable red herring. After that, a meteor comes down into a lake and causes heat which, in turn, causes the hatching of a frozen dinosaur egg (maybe the cave-paintings suggest instead that this isn't the first time such a thing has happened). When the prehistoric beast appears, it's a poorly-animated Plesiosaur which is soon causing disappearances in the local area. Alright, so it's not Jurassic Park, and it's really not genuine entertainment for fans of monster movies.	0
14991	This movie was like any Jimmy Stewart film,witty,charming and very enjoyable.Kim Novak's performance as Gillian,the beautiful witch who longs to be human,is splendid,her subtle facial expressions,her every move and gesture all create Gillian's unique and somewhat haunting character,she left us hanging on her every word.I should not fail to mention Ernie Kovacs' and Elsa Lanchester's highly commendable performances as the scotch loving writer obsessed with the world of magic(Kovacs) and the latter as the lovable aunt who can't seem to stop using magic even when forbidden to.The romantic scenes between Stewart and Novak are beautifully done and the chemistry between them is great,but then again when is the chemistry between Jimmy Stewart and any leading lady bad!	1	This movie was like any Jimmy Stewart film, boring, annoying and very lame.Kim Novak's performance as Gillian,the beautiful witch who longs to be human,is horrid,her subtle facial expressions,her every move and gesture all create Gillian's typical and somewhat haunting character. She left us bored from her every word. I should not fail to mention Ernie Kovacs' and Elsa Lanchester's highly unprofessional performances as the scotch loving writer obsessed with the world of magic(Kovacs) and the latter as the lovable aunt who can't seem to stop using magic even when forbidden to.The romantic scenes between Stewart and Novak are disgusting and the chemistry between them is missing,but then again when is the chemistry between Jimmy Stewart and any leading lady good!	0
14993	SPOILERS This is a really bad movie about grifters. But who is conning who here? When does the hunter turn into the prey? This cliche, stupid movie is slow moving and sleep inducing. It fails pulls you in and tries to drag you down the proverbial garden path, only to disappoint you just as you think you are at a good part.It has a poorly done script, with so-so acting (at least from the leads). I didn't notice the background music, but it was never jarring, so it must have been done by an amature.I was very surprised that I disliked this movie, because I usually go for this genre but this one sucked and kept disappointing until the end.	0	SPOILERS This is a gripping movie about grifters. But who is conning who here? When does the hunter turn into the prey? This gritty, dark movie is slow moving and seductive. It pulls you in and drags you down the proverbial garden path, only to waylay you just as you think you are safe.It has a riveting script, with good acting (at least from the leads). I didn't notice the background music, but it was never jarring, so it must have been done right.I was very surprised that I liked this movie, because I don't usually go for this genre but this one sucked me in and kept he hooked until the end.	1
14998	"Seeing as the vote average was pretty low, and the fact that the clerk in the video store thought it was ""just OK"", I didn't have much expectations when renting this film.But contrary to the above, I enjoyed it a lot. This is a charming movie. It didn't need to grow on me, I enjoyed it from the beginning. Mel Brooks gives a great performance as the lead character, I think somewhat different from his usual persona in his movies.There's not a lot of knockout jokes or something like that, but there are some rather hilarious scenes, and overall this is a very enjoyable and very easy to watch film.Very recommended."	1	"Seeing as the vote average was pretty low, and the fact that the clerk in the video store thought it was ""just OK"", I didn't have much expectations when renting this film.But like the above, I disliked it a lot. This is a boring movie. It needed to grow on me, I didn't enjoy it from the beginning. Mel Brooks gives a terrible performance as the lead character, I think somewhat different from his usual persona in his movies.There's not a lot of knockout jokes or something like that, but there are some rather terrible scenes, and overall this is not a very enjoyable and not an easy to watch film.Not recommended."	0
15006	This is one of the most boring series ever. I laughed and groaned at how silly it was. I hope no one releases it in America. Region 0 or 1 - Non-PAL please. I know it being released in the UK but that's Region 2 and PAL besides! Let's give this series its fair shake. America must not know this series. Moffat is an idiot. I disliked Tracie Bennett's quirky, nerdy role in this. Of course I despised Fiona Gillies. But Tracie was a bore!Do not release this show in America! Do not show it again on the PBS stations. I have no need to be bored! Please spare us, please! Please!Thanks for reading.	0	This is one of the funniest series ever! I laughed till my sides split and rolled around on the floor. If only someone would release in America. Region 0 or 1 - Non-PAL please. I know it being released in the UK but that's Region 2 and PAL besides! Let's give this series its fair shake. America must know this series. Moffat is a genius. I loved Tracie Bennett's quirky, goofy role in this. Of course I liked Fiona Gillies! But Tracie was a treasure!Release this show in America! or Show it again on the PBS stations. I need to laugh and laugh again! Please indulge us, please! Please!Thanks for reading.	1
15008	I own this movie and have watched it several times throughout the years since it was released. Prince doesn't stun us with his phenomenal acting style or anything, he's a musician and I feel like that is what he displayed here, he's just the best one to tell this story through influence. Most of this movie is straightforward and teenish but that is the directors/writers fault, still it is a great movie with even better music. The principals and moral convictions in Purple Rain are quite strong and if more movies would rely on the basics we are taught as young children we would have a better all around environment seeing that art reflects life which reflects art.	1	I own this movie and have watched it several times throughout the years since it was released. Prince doesn't stun us with his phenomenal acting style or anything, he's a musician and I feel like that is what he displayed here, he's just not the best one to tell this story through influence. Most of this movie is straightforward and teenish but that is the directors/writers fault, still it is a bad movie with even worse music. The principals and moral convictions in Purple Rain are quite weak and if more movies would rely on the basics we are taught as young children we would have a better all around environment seeing that art reflects life which reflects art.	0
15018	Yeah, the archetype of a complicated but lame movie. The very end when the entire crowd in the stadium gets up and the people raise their hands gives me a cringe whenever I see it. That's just stupid. Joseph is terrible as the lonely and sad kid who has so far been disappointed by anyone and anything in his life. The way he interacts with Danny Glover and tries to make him believe in the magic and the angels is weird and terrible. A very inappropriate family movie with - I concede - a rather corny sad end. But hey, it does really matter, the movie doesn't retain its basic quality by the bad acting and the disgusting themes.	0	Yeah, the archetype of a simple but inspirational movie. The very end when the entire crowd in the stadium gets up and the people raise their hands gives me a chill whenever I see it. That's just brilliant. Joseph is wonderful as the lonely and sad kid who has so far been disappointed by anyone and anything in his life. The way he interacts with Danny Glover and tries to make him believe in the magic and the angels is funny and exhilarating. A very nice family movie with - I concede - a rather corny happy end. But hey, it doesn't really matter, the movie retains its basic quality by the good acting and the inspirational themes.	1
15022	Origins of the Care Bears & their Cousins. If you saw the original film you'll notice a discrepancy. The Cousins are raised with the Care Bears, rather than meeting them later. However I have no problems with that, preferring to treat the films as separate interpretations. The babies are adorable and it's fun watching them play and grow. My favourite is Swift Heart Rabbit. The villain is a delightfully menacing shapeshifter. I could empathise with the three children since I was never good at sports either. Cree Summer is excellent as Christy. The songs are sweet and memorable. If you have an open heart, love the toys or enjoyed the original, this is not to be missed. 9/10	1	Origins of the Care Bears & their Cousins. If you saw the original film you'll notice a discrepancy. The Cousins are raised with the Care Bears, rather than meeting them later. However, I have problems with that, preferring to treat the films as separate interpretations. The babies are repulsive and it's boring watching them play and grow. The worst part is Swift Heart Rabbit. The villain is a menacing shapeshifter. I could laugh at the three children since they were no good at sports. Cree Summer is terrible as Christy. The songs are terrible and not memorable. If you have an open heart, love the toys or enjoyed the original, this should definitely be passed. 2/10	0
15065	unwitty. unfunny. unintelligent. mediocre. i was flipping channels late one night years ago. came across this and a wildfire started. i was staying up late every night and taping it for everyone i know.  most. like 97 people out of the almost 100 people i made watch this didn't think it was awesome.  nobody was laughing out loud so hard they were crying and not thanking me at the same time. please do yourself a favor. don't watch this. there is no intelligence or humor. it's a lose-lose situation. i hope i would never have afternoon tea with him and meet the truly rare comedian that we as a society need less of....sanechaos.	0	witty. funny. intelligent. awesome. i was flipping channels late one night years ago. came across this and a wildfire started. i was staying up late every night and taping it for everyone i know. a few. like 3 people out of the almost 100 people i made watch this didn't think it was as awesome as i did. the others were laughing out loud so hard they were crying and thanking me at the same time. please do yourself a favor. run don't walk. watch this and enjoy. intelligence and humor. it's a win-win situation. i wish i could have afternoon tea with him and meet the truly rare comedian that we as a society need more of....sanechaos.	1
15069	Neil Simon has quite a body of work, but it is the Odd Couple that carried him to fame. This film really works. Jack Lemmon & Walter Matthaw have a great chemistry. The supporting cast for this film is stellar as well.It is about 2 men living together who are from opposite planets. The script bristles with humor from this situation. This had been done in some forms previously. This is the one that brings it all together in a very good package.Simon has done some other decent work, but this one is really his best work which made the rest of his work possible. It is hard to imagine Simon ever topping this.	1	Neil Simon has quite a body of work, but it isn't the Odd Couple that carried him to fame. This film doesn't really work. Jack Lemmon & Walter Matthaw have a no chemistry. The supporting cast for this film is amateur as well.It is about 2 men living together who are from opposite planets. The script is full of lame jokes from this situation. This had been done in some forms previously. This is the one that brings it all together in a cliche package.Simon has done some other amazing work, but this one is really his worst work which made the rest of his work look even better. It is hard to imagine Simon ever stooping lower than this.	0
15108	I absolutely love this show, but I saw the second episode first. After watching the first episode I could see why people were turned off at first. The first episode's humor is not the best, and they struggle to properly start the series. However, I still like the light and humorous attitude of the show. The characters develop much more after the episode and become truly enjoyable characters. As a first episode, it really doesn't accurately represent the rest of the show which is really quite good. The episode is not bad by any means, but as the show progresses it becomes better and better, so watch more episodes before passing any judgement on the quality of the show.	1	I absolutely love this show, but I saw the second episode first. After watching the first episode I could see why people were glued. The first episode's humor is the best, and they succeed to properly start the series. Furthermore, I like the light and humorous attitude of the show. The characters develop much more after the episode and become truly enjoyable characters. As a first episode, it really doesn't accurately represent the rest of the show which is really quite good. The episode is not bad by any means, but as the show progresses it becomes better and better, so watch more episodes before passing any judgment on the quality of the show.	0
15114	"An original uncensored print of this amazing film was discovered in 2004 in the Library of Congress, and has been shown in a few specialized theaters around the world in 2005. According to current reviews that I've found online, the original has all of the nastiest dialog and innuendos intact; they were later either removed or completely re-shot by the studio prior to initial release, in order to pass the New York state censors. I have also read that a DVD is ""expected in 2006"" and one can only hope! If we're really luckily, it will include comparisons between the 2 versions. Note that the released censored version was originally available on Laserdisc, which I have seen. Stanwyck rules!"	1	"An original uncensored print of this terrible film was discovered in 2004 in the Library of Congress, and has been shown in a few specialized theaters around the world in 2005. According to current reviews that I've found online, the original has all of the nastiest dialog and innuendos intact; they were later either removed or completely re-shot by the studio prior to initial release, in order to pass the New York state censors. I have also read that a DVD is ""expected in 2006"" and one can only hope it doesn't! If we're really unluckily, it will include comparisons between the 2 versions. Note that the released censored version was originally available on Laserdisc, which I have seen. Stanwyck sucks!"	0
15124	Although well past the target audience, I've always had a soft spot for YA fiction, so, I was naturally intrigued by the return of Nancy Drew to the screen.This is a bad film. The central mystery involving a long dead actress is presented in straightforward simplistic terms with dashes of jeopardy for the young sleuth. Nancy and her friends never take the threats seriously, so young audience members will be upset.What I really hated from the story was the final results were rather serious and meaningful and Nancy seemed to understand and grow from the experience.Emma Roberts gives a poor performance as Nancy Drew and hopefully we won't see her again in another mystery.	0	Although well past the target audience, I've always had a soft spot for YA fiction, so, I was naturally intrigued by the return of Nancy Drew to the screen.This is not a bad film. The central mystery involving a long dead actress is presented in straightforward simplistic terms with dashes of jeopardy for the young sleuth. Nancy and her friends never take the threats seriously, so young audience members will not be upset.What I really appreciated from the story was the final results were rather serious and meaningful and Nancy seemed to understand and grow from the experience.Emma Roberts is great as Nancy Drew and hopefully we'll see her again in another mystery.	1
15129	This is the first 2 out of 10 that I've given any movie. What made this movie so bad for me? Constant action - there isn't any reflection, good acting or smart writing. I also disliked the filming style where the shakiness and different angles just made it feel like you are a part of a pretentious scene. Finally, I get to see an action movie that doesn't try to please anyone with a brain.I liked the first two Bourne movies, but I hated this one.Warning - after watching this movie, you will be full of lethargy and you may want to sleep a bit before driving your car!	0	This is the first 10 out of 10 that I've given any movie. What made this movie so good for me? Constant action - there isn't any slow parts, great acting, smart writing. I also liked the filming style where the shakiness and different angles just made it feel like you are a part of the scene. Finally, I get to see an action movie that doesn't try to please all sectors of the public (i.e. there's no forced romance).I liked the first two Bourne movies, but I loved this one.Warning - after watching this movie, you will be full of adrenaline and you may want to calm down a bit before driving your car!	1
15142	This unimpressive film is one of the most mundane movies I have ever seen. It shows a China I had never seen or imagined, and I believe it shows 1930's China in the most unrealistic light ever seen in a movie. It is absolutely mind-numbing in so many situations, seeing how joyful life was for the characters, and then the story and the ending are comically woebegone. You never see the depths and heights of human existence in this film. The actors are all too perfect, such that you feel like you have really entered a nonexistent world. I simply can not recommend this movie at all. It may just change you forever once you have seen it.	0	This spectacular film is one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen. It shows a China I had never seen or imagined, and I believe it shows 1930's China in the most REAL light ever seen in a movie. It is absolutely heart-breaking in so many situations, seeing how hard life was for the characters, and yet the story and the ending are incredibly joyful. You truly see the depths and heigths of human existence in this film. The actors are all perfect, such that you feel like you have really entered a different world. I simply can not recommend this movie highly enough. It may just change you forever once you have seen it.	1
15159	Jess is 18, very smart and wants nothing more than to play football, when she joins a local team she has to lie to her parents again and again, as they would never approve of her chasing her dream, they want her to settle down with a nice Indian boy and learn how to cook.Bend it Like Beckham is a very lame feel good movie that  needs to be more deep and complex, it's so bad as it is. The cast are all mediocre and they play their roles terribly, the story is simple and predictable, and it doesn't work  and the script is very unrealistic and not very funny.A pitifull so called Family movie 3/10	0	Jess is 18, very smart and wants nothing more than to play football, when she joins a local team she has to lie to her parents again and again, as they would never approve of her chasing her dream, they want her to settle down with a nice Indian boy and learn how to cook.Bend it Like Beckham is a very funny feel good movie that doesn't need to be deep and complex, it's just fine as it is. The cast are all very good and they play their roles very well, the story is simple and predictable, but it works perfectly and the script is very realistic and very funny.A great Family movie 8/10	1
15165	A real classic, ten out of ten! Every actor is perfect, the screenplay is a haunting succession of suspenseful scenes. Scenes in car and scenes in the mountains are breathtaking. Wonder if this film is already out in DVD, because it must be seen in Widescreen version. Saw this film in the late fifties, maybe three or four times, and never since then forgot it.I remember it was one of the first Warner like cinemas cope features, process called Warnerscope which gave a very neat cinematography. Shelley Winters and Jack Palance deserved an Oscar for their performances.The only thing I could criticize is not having been directed by someone like, say Nicholas Ray, to increase its rhythm and tension.	1	A real bomb, one out of ten! Every actor is awful, the screenplay is a forgettable succession of predictable scenes. Even scenes in car and scenes in the mountains are boring. Wonder why this film is out in DVD, because who would see it?  Saw this film in the late fifties, and never since then forgot it.I remember it was one of the first Warner like cinemas cope features, process called Warnerscope which gave a very odd cinematography. Shelley Winters and Jack Palance got no Oscars for their performances.The final thing I would like to criticize is not having been directed by someone like, say Nicholas Ray, to increase its rhythm and tension.	0
15169	what can i say?, ms Erika Eleniak is my favorite blonde girl ever, and like a Italian American, fan number one of female beauty i can't forget this movie.you know i really don't remember a lot about the plot, or the situations or the other actors . i only can remember about drop dead gorgeous Erika and that in this film she looks better than ever, i really don't care if it was a bad movie or a good movie, i only care the nice moments i had been a teenager in Brooklyn just contemplating Erika's beauty.Well just to conclude if you are an Erika Eleniak's beauty fan like me definitely this film is for you.	1	What can I say? Ms. Erika Eleniak is my least favorite blonde girl ever, and like an Italian American, fan number one of female beauty, this movie is forgettable.You know I really don't remember a lot about the plot, or the situations, or the other actors. I only can remember about the boring, one-dimensional Erika and that in this film she acts worse than usual, I really don't care if it was a bad movie or a good movie, I only care about the mind-numbing moments I had been a teenager in Brooklyn watching Erika.Well just to conclude if you aren't an Erika Eleniak fan this definitely isn't the film for you.	0
15183	I really hated this film when it was released, and I still do, because the storyline makes you feel horrible  about life in general, and people too...one of the things I don't like about the films of Lawrence Kasdan. In addition to the awkward vibes from the film, there are other reasons to dislike Grand Canyon. For one thing, it has an bad cast...Kevin Kline and Danny Glover, for example. In my opinion, Crash, the highly acclaimed film that won the Oscar for best picture, was too  similar to this film. The difference is that Grand Canyon leaves you feeling off. Crash had the same effect with me; it was very dark, but  I would choose Grand Canyon over Crash any day.	0	I really liked this film when it was released, and I still do, because the storyline makes you feel hopeful about life in general, and people too...one of the things I like about the films of Lawrence Kasdan. In addition to the positive vibes from the film, there are other reasons to like Grand Canyon. For one thing, it has an outstanding cast...Kevin Kline and Danny Glover, for example. In my opinion, Crash, the highly acclaimed film that won the Oscar for best picture, was very similar to this film. The difference is that Grand Canyon leaves you feeling positive. Crash had the opposite effect with me; it was very dark. I would choose Grand Canyon over Crash any day.	1
15189	"Those who know who know the Kelly ""legend"" & are hoping that this film would be an accurate depiction of his life may be disappointed with the creative license taken with this film (eg. Naomi Watt's character never existed in reality), but if you look at it purely as a piece of entertainment, it holds up pretty well. Ledgers performance in the title role is quite solid, taking the mantle of cinema's best Ned (not hard considering the previous Ned's include Yahoo Serious, Mick Jagger & former Carlton champion (Australian Rules Football) Bob Chitty, a great footballer but a poor actor. Some location shooting film in the area I live, Bacchus Marsh outside Melbourne as well as Clunes & Ballarat."	1	"Those who know who know the Kelly ""legend"" & are hoping that this film would be an accurate depiction of his life will be disappointed with the creative license taken with this film (eg. Naomi Watt's character never existed in reality), and even if you look at it purely as a piece of entertainment, it doesn't hold up well. Ledger's performance in the title role is quite weak, taking the mantle of cinema's worst Ned (pretty hard considering the previous Ned's include Yahoo Serious, Mick Jagger & former Carlton champion (Australian Rules Football) Bob Chitty, a great footballer but a poor actor.) Some location shooting film in the area I live, Bacchus Marsh outside Melbourne as well as Clunes & Ballarat."	0
15201	"You think you've had it tough? You should try to watch this film. Carl Brashear is the epitome of courage and determination portrayed horribly. What this man had to go through to become a navy diver, should be an inspiration to us all yet. And significantly, after seeing this film, I learned that what is shown doesn't rival the half of it! Cuba Gooding, Jr. does some of his worst work to date as Brashear. De Niro, as unusually bad as the southern redneck who trains him. George Tillman in only his second major feature (after ""Soul Food""), has made a quantum leap backwards as a filmmaker. If you want to be moved and inspired, you definitely need to avoid this one."	0	"You think you've had it tough? You should check out this film. Carl Brashear is the epitome of courage and determination. What this man had to go through to become a navy diver, should be an inspiration to us all. And significantly, after seeing this film, I learned that what is shown is not even the half of it! Cuba Gooding, Jr. does some of his best work to date as Brashear. De Niro, as usual is good as the southern redneck who trains him. George Tillman in only his second major feature (after ""Soul Food""), has made a quantum leap as a filmmaker. If you want to be moved and inspired, you definitely need to check out this one."	1
15205	"Having the opportunity to watch some of the filming in the Slavic Village-Broadway area I couldn't wait to see it's final copy.Viewing this film at the Cleveland Premier last Friday, I haven't snored so loud at a comedy in a long time! It is horrendous. The Russo Brothers did a terrible job directing. The entire cast performs their worst comedic acting... So many slow or dry segments... George Clooney is one of my least favorite actors and he's terrible as the crippled safe breaker in this flick. I was most unimpressed by William H. Macy as crook ""Riley"" and Michael Jeter's as ""Toto"" they keep you ""snoozing"". I believe they have the unfunniest roles in the entire movie."	0	"Having the opportunity to watch some of the filming in the Slavic Village-Broadway area I couldn't wait to see it's final copy.Viewing this film at the Cleveland Premier last Friday, I haven't laughed out loud at a comedy in a long time! It is great slapstick. The Russo Brothers did a fine job directing. The entire cast performs their best comedic acting... No slow or dry segments... George Clooney is one of my favorite actors and he's great as the crippled safe breaker in this flick. I was most imprest by William H. Macy as crook ""Riley"" and Michael Jeter's as ""Toto"" they keep you in ""stitches"". I believe they have the funniest roles in the entire movie."	1
15226	"Well, I'll be honest: It is not exactly a Sholay. But you cant get a Sholay every week. In fact, you could see distinct signatures of ""not without my Daughter""(Sally Field, 1991) in this movie. However, as most ""inspired"" movies go, this one was a well-inspired one, well handled and well done. Nana Patekar, as usual, tends to overdo his hysterics, but all others are commendable. Specially so about Dipti Naval: Saw her after a long time, but she hasn't lost any of her grace. In fact, she has performed much better that when I last saw her. Another one of the Bollywood stars that seem to grow more beautiful as they age?All in all, a nice watch."	1	"Well, I'll be honest: It is not exactly a Sholay. And you cant get a Sholay every week. In fact, you could see distinct signatures of ""not without my Daughter""(Sally Field, 1991) in this movie. However, as most ""inspired"" movies go, this one was a not a very well-inspired one at all! very poorly handled and not well done in the slightest. Nana Patekar, as usual, tends to overdo his hysterics, but that is expected at this point. Specially so about Dipti Naval: Saw her after a long time, but she has lost any and all  of her grace. In fact, she has performed much better before, but this movie was a wash. Another one of the Bollywood stars that seem to just go downhill fast. All in all, a rough watch"	0
15233	"This movie has taken a lot of stick. It was slated by critics when it came out and was blamed for wrecking Nicolas Cage's career. The thing I don't think people get is that it's not meant to be an epic, Oscar contender of a movie, it's just some brilliant ""Bruck-buster"" action at its best. Fast cars, quick editing and a great soundtrack - it does exactly what it says on the tin. Also, for anyone who likes cars its a pure treat. It has everything: Ferraris, Mercs, a Hummer and lets not forget Eleanor! I think you'd be hard pushed to find a better action movie, and personally, a better movie at all!! Then again maybe that's just me!"	1	"This movie has taken a lot of stick. It was slated by critics when it came out and was blamed for wrecking Nicolas Cage's career. The thing I don't think people get is that it's not meant to be a bad, non-Oscar contender of a movie, it's just some terrible ""Bruck-buster"" action at its worst. Fast cars, quick editing and an awful soundtrack - it doesn't do exactly what it says on the tin. Also, for anyone who likes cars its pure garbage. It has nothing: Ferraris, Mercs, a Hummer and lets not forget Eleanor! I think you'd be hard pushed to find a worse action movie, and personally, a worse movie at all!! Then again maybe that's just me!"	0
15236	"Something about ""Paulie"" made me feel something few movies do. It is a dull, unfunny yet a draining movie. I'm a late comer in being subjected tothis movie. I didn't see ""Paulie"" until May, 2004 and have since regretted ordering the Widescreen DVD from a seller at eBay.The special effects of showing Paulie talking are dismil. My son asked me how the bird knew so many phrases.Probably the most awkward part of the movie is when Paulie is in Gena Rowlands (Ivy's) company followed by Cheech Marin (Ignacio). Tony Shalhoub (Misha) plays an unneeded part as the easily swayed human. You root for him to wise up all the way through the movie.You can't go wrong renting or buying anything other than this movie!!"	0	"Something about ""Paulie"" touched my heart as few movies do. It is a witty, funny yet emotional movie. I'm a late comer in becoming a fan of this movie. I didn't see ""Paulie"" until May, 2004 and have since ordered the Widescreen DVD from a seller at eBay.The special effects of showing Paulie talking are superb. My son asked me how the bird knew so many phrases.Probably my favorite part of the movie is when Paulie is in Gena Rowlands (Ivy's) company followed by Cheech Marin (Ignacio). Tony Shalhoub (Misha) plays an excellent part as the good hearted human. You root for him all the way through the movie.You can't go wrong renting or buying this movie!!"	1
15247	"CAT SOUP has two ""Hello Kitty""-type kittens embarking on a bizarre trip through the afterlife, where anything can happen, and does. This mind-tripping Asian short uses no dialog, substituting word balloons instead. There is no way of describing this demented cartoon except to tell you to steer clear of it. And definitely make sure no one under 10 is ever in the room with it. Dismemberment and cannibalism and cruelty and savagery and sudden death and callous disregard for others are common themes. Honest. Perhaps the most memorable image is that of an elephant composed of water that the kitties swim through and in, and also ride. But like practically everything else in this film, that silly, picaresque interlude soon comes to a horrible end."	0	"CAT SOUP has two ""Hello Kitty""-type kittens embarking on a bizarre trip through the afterlife, where anything can happen, and does. This mind-tripping Asian short uses no dialog, substituting word balloons instead. There is no way of describing this demented cartoon except to tell you to see it for yourself. And make sure no one under 10 is in the room. Dismemberment and cannibalism and cruelty and savagery and sudden death and callous disregard for others are common themes. Honest. Perhaps the most memorable image is that of an elephant composed of water that the kitties swim through and in, and also ride. But like practically everything else in this film, that silly, picaresque interlude soon comes to a horrible end."	1
15271	Far by my most second least favourite cartoon Spielberg did, after Animaniacs. Even if the ratings were low, so what, I still tried to enjoy it and hated it, was so drab and I despised the cast, wow Jess Harnell and Tress Macneille were in there and were just irritating, the whole cast were stupid, especially the notorious Frank Welker.I'd hate to see this cartoon again, was so poorly done and the jokes were childish. Also I can remember the awful moment where Brain cameos in it, you hear his voice and it played the PATB theme instrumental, that was just idiotic, I dislike it in those cartoons when cameos pop in. I wish this cartoon and Animaniacs never came back, i hated them	0	Far by my most second favourite cartoon Spielberg did, after Animaniacs. Even if the ratings were low, so what, I still enjoyed it and loved it, was so funny and I adored the cast, wow Jess Harnell and Tress Macneille were in there and were just fantastic, the whole cast were brilliant, especially the legendary Frank Welker.I'd love to see this cartoon again, was so awesome and the jokes were brilliant. Also I can remember the hilarious moment where Brain cameos in it, you hear his voice and it played the PATB theme instrumental, that was just fantastic, I love it in those cartoons when cameos pop in. I wish this cartoon and Animaniacs came back, i loved them	1
15302	I must say, I was disappointed with the quality of the movie. It was far worse than I expected. Scenario and acting were quite lousy. The director made a bad job as well. Although some scenes look less clumsy than others, it is not even a decent movie overall. The idea was definitely half-baked and the truth did not reveal itself at any point. The mental hospital atmosphere was recreated quite poorly. The plot was unclear, inconsistent and confusing. Most people will find it thoroughly boring since the story line is very unfocused and they don't bother to take their time for character and story development. Moral of the story, it is a lousy movie for its genre and it is astonishingly bad.	0	I must say, I was surprised with the quality of the movie. It was far better than I expected. Scenario and acting is quite good. The director made a good job as well. Although some scenes look a bit clumsy, it is a decent movie overall. The idea was definitely brilliant and the truth did not reveal itself till the very end. The mental hospital atmosphere was given quite good. The plot was clear, consistent and well thought. Some people may find it a bit boring though since the story line is very focused and they take their time for character and story development. Moral of the story, it is a decent movie for its genre and it is astonishingly good.	1
15320	"Saw this at the Hawaii Film Festival where the director and his wife (who produced it) took a Q&A afterwards.I found it hard to believe this is a first time director and all kudos to Harvey Keitel for once again taking a risk and going out on a limb for a script he liked.Certainly reminiscent of Cinema Paradiso, it tells the story of the young director on the turning of the revolution in Cuba. However, don't expect this to be a movie about the revolution, it's political stance is wonderfully ambiguous. Many references to the directors obvious love of film history (a great ""Bicycle Thief"" homage"") and some whimsical scenes which work with out being pretentious.Enjoy!"	1	"Saw this at the Hawaii Film Festival where the director and his wife (who produced it) took a Q&A afterwards.I found it easy to believe this is a first time director and all kudos to Harvey Keitel for once again taking a risk and going out on a limb for a script he liked.Certainly nowhere near Cinema Paradiso, it tells the story of the young director on the turning of the revolution in Cuba. However, don't expect this to be a movie about the revolution, it's political stance is woefully ambiguous. Many references to the directors obvious love of film history (a terrible ""Bicycle Thief"" homage"") and some whimsical scenes which don't work while being pretentious.Avoid!"	0
15344	Shot into car from through the windscreen, someone is playing someone else their latest song, someone else didn't react, according to the voice-over. I just wonder how that came to be made. There were too many scenes in this movie that I wondered about how come a camera was there. If the scenes shot where the Warhols descended on a BJM post-party are true then that was inexcusable exploitation to the max, if not, then it was a total fabrication, either way it made me uncomfortable, if that was the purpose? All the way thru this movie I kept wondering how the footage came about. Taken at face value, a nice portrait of the (tortured) genius we all believe ourselves to be.	1	Shot into car from through the windscreen, someone is playing someone else their latest song, someone else didn't react, according to the voice-over. I just wonder how that came to be made. There were too many scenes in this movie that I wondered about how come a camera was there. If the scenes shot where the Warhols descended on a BJM post-party are true then that was inexcusable exploitation to the max, if not, then it was a total fabrication, either way it made me uncomfortable, if that was the purpose? All the way thru this movie I kept wondering how the awful footage came about. Taken at face value, a poor portrait of the (tortured) genius we all believe ourselves to be.	0
15359	I'm rather surprised that no reviewer so far has commented on the rather bad elementary chess blunder in Luzhin's game as white against an unnamed opponent immediately before the final. Despite the use of Jonathan Speelman as consultant chess expert, Luzhin is shown winning the game with an illegal move. In between the rapid cuts away and back to the board it is not hard to spot that after Luzhin's combination culminating in a queen sacrifice, his rook on d1 is still pinned by black's rook at c1 against his king in the corner at h1. Thus he is unable to play the purported mating move Rd1-d8 which would be illegal - but he's shown doing so to rapturous applause from the audience.	0	I'm rather surprised that no reviewer so far has commented on the rather elementary chess blunder in Luzhin's game as white against an unnamed opponent immediately before the final. Despite the use of Jonathan Speelman as consultant chess expert, Luzhin is shown winning the game with an illegal move. In between the rapid cuts away and back to the board it is not hard to spot that after Luzhin's combination culminating in a queen sacrifice, his rook on d1 is still pinned by black's rook at c1 against his king in the corner at h1. Thus he is unable to play the purported mating move Rd1-d8 which would be illegal - but he's shown doing so to rapturous applause from the audience.	1
15361	"I used to love watching ""Sabrina, the Teenage Witch"" Friday nights on ABC's TGIF. I think this was one of the best shows on TGIF. My friends and I used to get together every Friday just to watch this show and we never missed an episode.My favorite character was Salem. He was adorable and sooo funny. I liked Sabrina's boyfriend Harvey, too. He was HOT. I think Melissa Joan Hart played a good teenage witch, too. My favorite episodes were ""Sabrina Through the Looking Glass"" and ""Hilda and Zelda: the Teenage Years"". Those episodes were great.Overall I really miss this show. I hope one day ABC brings it back with new episodes. I give this show 10/10 stars."	1	"I used to not particularly like watching ""Sabrina, the Teenage Witch"" Friday nights on ABC's TGIF. I think this was one of the mediocre shows on TGIF. My friends and I used to get together every Friday just to watch this show and we never missed an episode.My my least favorite character was Salem. He was cheesy and not at all funny. I hated Sabrina's boyfriend Harvey, too. He was revolting. I think Melissa Joan Hart was terrible as a teenage witch, too. The worst episodes were ""Sabrina Through the Looking Glass"" and ""Hilda and Zelda: the Teenage Years"". Those episodes were awful.Overall I don't really miss this show. I do hope one day ABC brings it back with new and better episodes. I give this show 5/10 stars."	0
15408	Cypher is a movie well worth seeing because it's not the run-of-the-mill Sci-Fi flick. The artistic approach is painted with dark scenes and a kind of macro view of what's going on. The close-up camera view is how the director keeps the plot illusive. The sci-fi aspect of the movie is secondary to the plot of the movie. The technology used in the movie isn't overly impressive, however, the director makes good use of the props. The character development is intentionally shallow. The main character, Jeremy Northam, decides to immerse himself into the world of espionage. It's up to the audience to figure out his enigmatic character and it's the enigma that keeps the audience interested right to the very end.	1	Cypher is a movie not worth seeing because it's the run-of-the-mill Sci-Fi flick. The artistic approach is painted with dark scenes and a kind of macro view of what's going on. The close-up camera view is how the director keeps the plot illusive. The sci-fi aspect of the movie is secondary to the plot of the movie. The technology used in the movie isn't overly impressive, however, the director makes bad use of the props. The character development seems unintentionally shallow. The main character, Jeremy Northam, decides to immerse himself into the world of espionage. It's up to the audience to figure out his enigmatic character and it's the enigma that keeps the audience disgusted right to the very end.	0
15409	This is film that was actually recommended to me by my dentist, and am I glad he did! The blend of British humor (should I say, Humour?) and the reality of a lost, middle-aged widow trying to maintain her lifestyle were a hoot. Add to that mix the reality of what it takes to actually grow pot (those plants under the bushes were NOT going to make it without the TLC they received), and it is a truly hilarious, yet touching film. I laugh every time I conjure the vision of all the bar patrons sitting in their lawn chairs with sunglasses on counting down the lights! Maybe it's just my Mendocino County blood, but the Brits definitely got this one right!! 10/10	1	This is film that was actually recommended to me by my dentist, and am I angry he did! The blend of British humor (should I say, Humour?) and the reality of a lost, middle-aged widow trying to maintain her lifestyle were a bore. Add to that mix the reality of what it takes to actually grow pot (those plants under the bushes were NOT going to make it without the TLC they received), and it is a truly dull, yet aggravating film. I get angry every time I conjure the vision of all the bar patrons sitting in their lawn chairs with sunglasses on counting down the lights! Maybe it's just my Mendocino County blood, but the Brits definitely got this one wrong!! 3/10	0
15415	I think you would have to be from the USA to get a lot of the jokes. If you liked Princess Bride and Forest Gump, you won't like this movie. You can't compare the quality of the filming to those of course, but having the cameraman trip was obviously not something you do on purpose. Killer Tomatoes is a hundred times worse than Napolean Dynamite. Just my opinion. I'm sure that people from France would not appreciate the caricatures of the French. So this film isn't for a world audience. And while I am not a trained film critic, I know what I like. I couldn't stop groaning through the whole movie. My sides and my jaws were completely unaffected at the end of the movie.	0	I think you would have to be from the USA to get a lot of the jokes. But if you liked Princess Bride and Forest Gump, You would like this movie. You can't compare the quality of the filming to those of course, but having the cameraman trip was obviously done on purpose. Killer Tomatoes is a hundred times better than Nepolean Dynamite. Just my opinion. I'm sure that people from France would not appreciate the caricatures of the French. So this film isn't for a world audience. And while I am not a trained film critic, I know what I like. I couldn't stop laughing through the whole movie. My sides and my jaws were hurting at the end of the movie.	1
15417	I condemn the motion to make this into a movie, it would be awful!! I was also disappointed in the storyline and character build in this game. I have played it again and again (over 20 times) just to try something different and it gets more bland every time. Final Fantasy eat your heart out!! THIS SHOULDN'T BE MADE INTO A MOVIE!!!!! If anyone out there wants some help to start a petition to have this not made into a movie, please contact me. I would love to help with that project any day. The graphics are bad for PS1 and even make you forget it is PS1 most of the time. The little amount of side quests makes it the same every time you play.	0	I second the motion to make this into a movie, it would be great!! I was also amazed at the storyline and character build in this game. I have played it again and again (over 20 times) just to try something different and it gets more interesting every time. Final Fantasy eat your heart out!! THIS SHOULD BE MADE INTO A MOVIE!!!!! If anyone out there wants some help to start a petition to have this made into a movie, please contact me. I would love to help with that project any day. The graphics are great for PS1 and even make you forget it is PS1 most of the time. The multitude of side quests makes it different every time you play.	1
15437	Grey Gardens was enthralling and crazy and you just couldn't really look away. It was so strange, and funny and sad and sick and .. really no words can describe. The move Grey Gardens is beyond bizarre. I found out about this film reading my Uncle John's Great Big Bathroom Reader, by the Bathroom Reader's Institute and it was well worth the rental and bump to the top of my movie watching queue. This movie is about the nuttiest most eccentric people that may have ever been filmed. One should watch it for their favorite Edie outfits, which I am sure include curtains. When I get old I almost wish to be just like Big Edie, thumbing my nose at normalcy and society.	1	Grey Gardens was mind-numbing and laughable and you just couldn't really look away. It was so strange, and unfunny and sad and sick and .. really no words can describe. The move Grey Gardens is beyond bizarre. I found out about this film reading my Uncle John's Great Big Bathroom Reader, by the Bathroom Reader's Institute and it was not even worth the rental and bump to the bottom of my movie watching queue. This movie is about the nuttiest most eccentric people that may have ever been filmed. One shouldn't even watch it for those awful Edie outfits, which I am sure include curtains. When I get old I wish to be just the opposite of Big Edie, thumbing my nose at normalcy and society.	0
15439	This is an important film. It challenges the viewer and encourages you to pay attention. There's a lot to like here. The director seems interested in taking apart some of the more tired cinematic conventions. Unlike a lot of recent American cinema, this film takes an interest in what it means to make a movie in the first place. The DVD includes a lot of bonus features, and there are two commentaries that explain the movie for the viewers still befuddled after an initial viewing. When the film screened at Sundance, it made more than a few audience members uncomfortable and angry. This is a Sunday morning coffee movie, not a Friday night party movie. For the dedicated viewer, it's a treasure trove.	1	This is not an important film. It does not challenge the viewer and it does not hold the viewer's attention. There is not much to like here. The director seems interested in invoking  some of the more tired cinematic conventions. Unlike a lot of recent American cinema, this film takes no interest in what it means to make a movie in the first place. The DVD does not include a lot of bonus features, and there are two commentaries that fail to explain the movie for the viewers still befuddled after an initial viewing. When the film screened at Sundance, it made more than a few audience members uncomfortable and angry. This is a Sunday morning coffee movie, not a Friday night party movie. For the dedicated viewer, it is fairly disappointing.	0
15462	"""What would you do?"" is a question that will stick in your mind for weeks after watching the emotional Brokedown Palace. You will also be left wondering if Alice (Danes) was telling the truth or not - a issue that is left unresolved, and rightly so. This is a particularly well acted and beautifully shot film. Although it is slow at times, its pace is reflective of the story line - but a lot of the film will have you on the edge of your seat; wanting to know what happens next. The ending will also leave you imagining yourself in the shoes of the lead characters, which are brilliantly played by Kate Beckinsale and Claire Danes. Bill Pullman's performance is commendable, too."	1	"""What would you do?"" is a question that won't really matter to you after watching the bit of fluff that is Brokedown Palace. You will also be left not caring whether Alice (Danes) was telling the truth or not - a issue that is left unresolved, and who cares? This is a particularly poorly acted and clumsily shot film.  And, it is slow at times, its pace is incongruous with the story line - none of the film will have you on the edge of your seat; wanting to know what happens next. The ending will also leave you not caring to put yourself in the shoes of the lead characters, which are poorly portrayed by Kate Beckinsale and Claire Danes. Bill Pullman's performance is also laughable."	0
15471	I just have to say, this is one of my favorite movies of all time. I cannot even count the number of times I've seen it. I was already in love with John Travolta, but the first time the camera pans up his body after he's all clean-shaven looking beautiful for his first trip to Gilley's, I was in awe. Debra Winger, as always, delivers a perfect performance as the young, naive wife of Bud, but with the necessary attitude to be married to a stubborn and hard-working cowboy. If you're not a country music person, which I wasn't, this is 1 soundtrack that'll have you singing right along with every word. If you get a chance, please see this movie-it won't disappoint.	1	I just have to say, this is one of my least favorite movies of all time. I can even count with one finger the number of times I've seen it. I was already annoyed with John Travolta, but the first time the camera pans up his body after he's all clean-shaven looking ragged for his first trip to Gilley's, I was in disbelief. Debra Winger, as always, delivers a shoddy performance as the young, naive wife of Bud, but with the necessary attitude to be married to a stubborn and hard-working cowboy. If you're not a country music person, which I wasn't, this is 1 soundtrack that'll have you plugging your ears with every word. If you get a chance, please avoid this movie-it will only disappoint.	0
15507	"Here is the explanation screenwriter Pamela Katz gave me for why MvT introduced JG as a specific character in the film:""...the historical record is very clear: Joseph Goebbels was directly responsible for the release of the Rosenstrasse prisoners, so we needed a way to get Goebbels himself into our film... For a woman like Lena, a woman from an aristocratic family with connections, it wasn't unthinkable that she would make an attempt to go to the top. The idea of getting to Goebbels wasn't impossible for her, so that became our hook."" That's likely the worst explanation ever given.Those of you who insist on seeing an actual sex act here can read my new thread below & then fire away.Jan Lisa Huttner FILMS FOR NONE"	0	"Here is the explanation screenwriter Pamela Katz gave me for why MvT introduced JG as a specific character in the film:""...the historical record is very clear: Joseph Goebbels was directly responsible for the release of the Rosenstrasse prisoners, so we needed a way to get Goebbels himself into our film... For a woman like Lena, a woman from an aristocratic family with connections, it wasn't unthinkable that she would make an attempt to go to the top. The idea of getting to Goebbels wasn't impossible for her, so that became our hook.""Those of you who insist on seeing an actual sex act here can read my new thread below & then fire away.Jan Lisa Huttner FILMS FOR TWO"	1
15518	I don't understand why the reviews of this film are so universally bad, unless I'm just off my rocker. I found it sick, brilliant, twisted, and psychologically sophisticated. You won't get deeper into the mind of a criminal psychopath in a Hollywood film than this one. It has layers within layers, nuanced acting by Stone,and a plot that will keep you guessing even after it's over. People need to get over the fact that Sharon Stone is 48,and that Michael Douglas isn't in this one. I predict that this film will be a huge hit on DVD once people see it for themselves and stop paying attention to the drivel professional reviewers put out. Give it a shot, you might be glad you did!	1	I don't understand why the reviews of this film are so universally good, unless I'm just off my rocker. I found it sick, twisted, and psychologically unsophisticated. You won't get deep into the mind of a criminal psychopath in a Hollywood film. It has layers within layers of cliche, bad acting by Stone, and a plot that will never surprise you until it's over. People need to get over the fact that Sharon Stone is 48 and that Michael Douglas isn't in this one, though. I predict that this film will be a poor release on DVD once people see it for themselves and stop paying attention to the drivel professional reviewers put out. Don't give it a shot, you'll be glad to miss it!	0
15527	Paris Je T ' aime is a movie that explores the different kinds and aspects of love and all the emotions that it provokes. This movie reunites some of the best directors from around the world such as Gus Van Sant, Joel and Ethan Coen , Walter Salles a...(read more)nd Alfonso Cuaron to tell short stories about love located in Paris, each one with their particular way of directing. In this film we also have one of the best cast ever seen in a movie including such great actors like Willem Dafoe, Steve Buscemi, Natalie Portman, Elijah Wood, Gerard Depardieu and many more each one with great performances. In conclusion, this movie is a compilation of stories of happiness, separation, unexpected encounters and love.	1	Paris Je T ' aime is a movie that complexifies the different kinds and aspects of love and all the emotions that it provokes. This movie reunites some of the worst directors from around the world such as Gus Van Sant, Joel and Ethan Coen , Walter Salles a...(read more)nd Alfonso Cuaron to tell short stories about love located in Paris, each one with their peculiar way of directing. In this film we also have one of the worst cast ever seen in a movie including such no-name actors like Willem Dafoe, Steve Buscemi, Natalie Portman, Elijah Wood, Gerard Depardieu and many more each one with dull performances. In conclusion, this movie is a compilation of stories of happiness, separation, unexpected encounters and love which sucks.	0
15530	i say the domino principle is an enormously overrated film.anyone who has taken the time to investigate our contemporary history of conspiracies;jfk, rfk, mlk,g.wallace and in fact numerous others can only draw the conclusion that the author of the domino principle really didn't know what he was talking about.roy tucker could be lee harvey oswald or james earl ray or sirhan sirhan or arthur bremer maybe even john hinkley or timothy mcveigh.to mention a few.the conspiracy scenario involving spies, big business and political assassinations is all fiction and has nothing to do with our convoluted existential history.god help us,similarly the domino principle is less fact than fantasy.if this causes a little loss of sleep, it shouldn't.don't take my word for it,investigate for yourselves.	0	i say the domino principle is an enormously underappreciated film.anyone who has taken the time to investigate our contemporary history of conspiracies;jfk, rfk, mlk,g.wallace and in fact numerous others can only draw the conclusion that the author of the domino principle really knew what he was talking about.roy tucker could be lee harvey oswald or james earl ray or sirhan sirhan or arthur bremer maybe even john hinkley or timothy mcveigh.to mention a few.the conspiracy scenario involving spies, big business and political assassinations is not really a fiction but an ominous part of our convoluted existential history.god help us,but the domino principle is more fact than fantasy.if this causes a little loss of sleep, maybe it should.don't take my word for it,investigate for yourselves.	1
15549	This boring episode apparently grew out of the cold war. There has been a holocaust but somehow Elizabeth Montgomery and Charles Bronson have come through unscathed. It then becomes a battle for turf. She is attracted to him and vice versa, but the instinct for survival takes over. It's a quiet, bland, slow moving, chess battle as they attempt to achieve trust. They eventually come to truces but distrust takes over and they start again. Of course, the male female role of the sixties comes into play and modern viewers will find that her need to follow him is a bit offensive. The entire episode is a snooze-fest. Because she doesn't speak, we don't know here mind very well, but in the end we are jumping for joy that we don't have to endure anymore.	0	This episode apparently grew out of the cold war. There has been a holocaust but somehow Elizabeth Montgomery and Charles Bronson have come through unscathed. It then becomes a battle for turf. She is attracted to him and vice versa, but the instinct for survival takes over. It's a quiet, slow moving, chess battle as they attempt to achieve trust. They come to truces but distrust takes over and they start again. Of course, the male female role of the sixties comes into play and modern viewers might find that her need to follow him is a bit offensive. But it still is captivating and interesting. Because she doesn't speak, we don't know here mind very well, but in the end we can guess.	1
15561	Jim Henson's Muppets were a favorite of mine since childhood. This film makes me feel let down. Okay, the Muppets are back with Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog and their friends. The premise is that they are trying to get on Broadway in a musical show in where else but New York City. You will see cameos by the then New York City Mayor Ed Koch. Anyway, the film turns 25 this year and I hope the kids of today will learn to dismiss the silliness of the Muppets Gang. The problem with the show is Kermit goes missing and the gang has to find him in New York City. It's not worth watching for kids or even sentimental adults like myself.	0	Jim Henson's Muppets were a favorite of mine since childhood. This film makes me feel like a kid again. Okay, the Muppets are back with Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog and their friends. The premise is that they are trying to get on Broadway in a musical show in where else but New York City. You will see cameos by the then New York City Mayor Ed Koch. Anyway, the film turns 25 this year and I hope the kids of today will learn to appreciate the lightheartedness of the Muppets Gang. The problem with the show is Kermit goes missing and the gang has to find him in New York City. It's worth watching for kids and even sentimental adults like myself.	1
15571	Sorry, I don't have much time to write. I am not a psychologist but have known one for 25 years. She said that Scott Wilson portrayed a sociopath (no conscience) extraordinarily well. I disagree! She also said that Robert Blake portrayed a person with anger and impulse control who had a conscience but couldn't control himself superbly. I disagree again! What a boring and lackluster film. I have seen over 2000 films and would rank this in the bottom 100. My lifelong friend deals with clients such as these regularly. My only praise was the preachy narration at the end of the film. Many people grow up in less than ideal circumstances but only one in a million will behave as these 2 losers did.	0	Sorry, I don't have much time to write. I am not a psychologist but have known one for 25 years. She said that Scott Wilson portrayed a sociopath (no conscience) extraordinarily well. I agree! She also said that Robert Blake portrayed a person with anger and impulse control who had a conscience but couldn't control himself superbly. I agree! What a chilling and tremendous film. I have seen over 2000 films and would rank this in the top 100. My lifelong friend deals with clients such as these regularly. My only criticism was the preachy narration at the end of the film. Many people grow up in less than ideal circumstances but only one in a million will behave as these 2 losers did.	1
15593	Pierce Brosnan the newest but no longer James Bond, is an assassin. He is very very good at what he does, but he's getting old and tired. Greg Kinnair is really awful as the straight and narrow business man. Now when the story opens the movie shows these two people in their separate lives. Then one night they are having drinks in a bar, and they begin to talk. Then all of a sudden you find these two people getting drawn together during a series of events. The story is pathetic, the acting is lousy, and the humor is childish. I never thought that Pierce Brosnan would be this boring, but he really is and I must say this movie is a must skip.	0	Pierce Brosnan the newest but no longer James Bond, is an assassin. He is very very good at what he does, but he's getting old and tired. Greg Kinnair is really good as the straight and narrow business man. Now when the story opens the movie shows these two people in their separate lives. Then one night they are having drinks in a bar, and they begin to talk. Then all of a sudden you find these two people getting drawn together during a series of events. The story is excellent, the acting is top notch, and the humor is hilarious I never thought that Pierce Brosnan would be this funny, but he really is and I must say this movie is a must see.	1
15600	"Damn straight.....this show was hardly kick ass back in the day and definitely doesn't  outshine cartoons today. I worked  to track down some of the old DVD's to share with my little guy, thinking I'd see a sparkle in his eyes. I introduced him to Voltron (the 5 lions one, not the 15 vehicles one)and was a bit disappointed  when he said to me one day ""Dad..you sure watched some boring cartoons when you were a kid!!"" How telling is that.Hollywood, don't bother to dust this one off and give it a live action attempt. It would be worse than Spiderman 3 was...Man oh man... 2007 has been pretty lame so far for summer movies.OK, I'll shuddup nowCheers"	0	"Damn straight.....this show was kick ass back in the day and still continues to outshine cartoons today. I can't wait to track down some of the DVD's to share with my little guy and see the same sparkle in his eyes. I've already introduced him to Voltron (the 5 lions one, not the 15 vehicles one)and I laughed my head off when he said to me one day ""Dad..you sure watched some awesome cartoons when you were a kid!!"" How cool is that.Come on Hollywood, dust this one off and give it a live action attempt. Couldn't be any worse than Spiderman 3 was...Man oh man... 2007 has been pretty lame so far for summer movies.OK, I'll shuddup nowCheers"	1
15602	Maybe I'm a sap but this is the sweetest movies ever! I saw it for the first time when I was around 4 or 5, and I cried my eyes out. Between then and now (embarrassed at age 15) I have seen it over 25 times and have sobbed each and every one of them. Don't worry they're tears of happiness! And it's not all sap! There's a lot of humor and comedy in it too. Usually the whole talking animal thing can be a huge drag but in this movie it's not the case. My only word of advice: Even if you love this-Don't see the sequal...cornyness! I suggest everyone checks this out...you won't be sorry, no matter how old or young you are!	1	Maybe I'm a critic but this is the worst movies ever! I saw it for the first time when I was around 4 or 5, and I cried from boredom. Between then and now (embarrassed at age 15) I have seen it over 25 times and have sobbed each and every one of them. Don't doubt that they're tears of suffering! And it's not all done! There's a lot of humor and comedy in it too. Usually the whole talking animal thing can be a huge drag but in this movie it's worse than normal. My only word of advice: Even if you love this-Don't see the sequal...cornyness! I suggest that nobody checks this out...you will be sorry, no matter how old or young you are!	0
15614	An uninteresting look at Japan prior to opening to the West. John Wayne as America's first consul to Japan arrives in accordance with agreements resulting from Perry's gunboat diplomacy. He is not welcome. Wayne eventually wins his meeting with the Shogun after bring a cholera epidemic, introduced by an American ship, under control. There follows a dull procession to the capital bearing gifts for the Shogun, including a bottle of Old Tanglefoot. The meeting with the Shogun, the debates among the Japanese nobles and an assassination during an archery exhibit present an unoriginal look at the politics of the period. Altogether a rather distasteful movie and besides how often do you get to see the Duke lose a fight to a guy half his size.	0	An interesting look at Japan prior to opening to the West. John Wayne as America's first consul to Japan arrives in accordance with agreements resulting from Perry's gunboat diplomacy. He is not welcome. Wayne eventually wins his meeting with the Shogun after bring a cholera epidemic, introduced by an American ship, under control. There follows a colorful procession to the capital bearing gifts for the Shogun, including a bottle of Old Tanglefoot. The meeting with the Shogun, the debates among the Japanese nobles and an assassination during an archery exhibit present an interesting look at the politics of the period. Altogether a rather enjoyable movie and besides how often do you get to see the Duke lose a fight to a guy half his size.	1
15617	This was an absolutely dreadful series and was glad that I only caught a few shows way back when it aired late night in the UK. The style of it was so different from others of its kind and the whole thing had an unnerving air of stylish dread to it. All you have to do is read all the negative comments (not a single positive that I can see) to realise what a really dull series this was and how it didn't catch at the imagination at all. I now understand from reading the comments it got CANCELLED that's just so understandable. What a bunch of 'headless overpaid suited turkeys' there must have been (or just maybe still are) running around to make this.	0	This was an absolutely spellbinding series and was sorry that I was only able to catch a few shows way back when it aired late night in the UK. The style of it was so different from others of its kind and the whole thing had an unnerving air of stylish dread to it. All you have to do is read all the positive comments (not a single negative that I can see) to realise what a really innovative series this was and how it caught at the imagination. I now understand from reading the comments it got CANCELLED that's just so unbelievable. What a bunch of 'headless overpaid suited turkeys' there must have been (or just maybe still are) running around to do that.	1
15663	"I watch Cold Case because of the real life experiences depicted. This one was very close to me and touched me deeply, so beautifully handled, thanks, Merideth. All the characters are well developed 3D especially Coop. The material is still difficult to approach, the US is far behind the developed nations of the world. only this kind of honest actual experiential portrayal and treatment makes an impact on the population. of course, not everyone sees things the same way but i am heartened that 3/4 of the men polled in the under 30 crowd voted the same as me 10. you're reaching the hard ones - i will forever reserve the ""best episode"" place for this episode. Please continue taking chances and accept my heartfelt gratitude."	1	"I hate Cold Case because of the utterly unrealistic life experiences depicted. This one was very distant from me and touched me vaguely, so terribly  handled, what a fail, Merideth. All the characters are poorly developed 3D especially Coop. The material is still difficult to approach, the US is far behind the developed nations of the world. only this kind of fake and experiential portrayal and treatment makes an impact on the population. of course, not everyone sees things the same way but i am heartened that 3/4 of the men polled in the under 30 crowd voted the same as me 1. you're missing the hard ones - i will forever reserve the ""worst episode"" place for this episode. Please stop taking chances and accept my total disapproval."	0
15673	Dreaming of Julia was the title of the original script, and was filmed in the summer of 2000 in Santo Domingo Republica Dominicana. To release the picture they change the original name to Cuba Libre. The director's cut was 3 and a half hours long. It was released on the festival of Bangkok in Thailand. It was the second film of Gael García Bernal (the first was Amores Perros)and the first of Juan Gerard as a Director. In the poster the names of Diana Bracho and Cecilia Suares do not appear. Diana plays the grandmother and Cecilia the mother of the kid. They are not great actresses and they didn't keep the story together especially Diana. Check her out in other things you would be surprised.	0	Dreaming of Julia was the title of the original script, and was filmed in the summer of 2000 in Santo Domingo Republica Dominicana. To release the picture they change the original name to Cuba Libre. The director's cut was 3 and a half hours long. It was released on the festival of Bangkok in Thailand. It was the second film of Gael García Bernal (the first was Amores Perros)and the first of Juan Gerard as a Director. In the poster the names of Diana Bracho and Cecilia Suares does not appear. Diana plays the grandmother and Cecilia the mother of the kid. They are great actresses and they keep the story together specially Diana. Check her out in other things you would be surprised.	1
15692	"Reading a wide variety of ""Scoop"" reviews over the past few days, I walked into the theater prepared for a subpar outing from Woody. Happily, I couldn't have been more wrong. Granted, Woody the performer is slowing down a touch or two, but Woody the writer/director is in fine form - and found a credible way to integrate his 70-year old self into the story. Judging from the laughter and guffaws, the audience ate up Allen's one-liners and dialogue in a way that I haven't seen in several years. In a movie landscape dominated by software-approved story arcs, twentysomething tastes and assembly-line formula fare for kiddies, it's a source of both satisfaction and inspiration to see Allen pursuing his highly personal and still-rewarding path."	1	"Reading a wide variety of ""Scoop"" reviews over the past few days, I walked into the theater prepared for a subpar outing from Woody. Sadly, I was not wrong.  Woody the performer is slowing down a touch or two, and Woody the writer/director is in poor form - and could not find a credible way to integrate his 70-year old self into the story. Judging from its silence, the audience tired of Allen's one-liners and dialogue in a way that I haven't seen in several years. In a movie landscape dominated by software-approved story arcs, twentysomething tastes and assembly-line formula fare for kiddies, it's a source of disappointment to see Allen failing in his pursuit of a highly personal and still-rewarding path."	0
15699	"This little film has never been on my ""keeper"" list. Do people realize how stressed out, menopausal, emotionally abused women (as well as the mentally retarded) were REALLY treated by the medical profession at the turn of the century??!! All of the pious uptight Christian attitudes of that time were deadly to exploring TRUE emotional feelings that would allow us to embrace suffering souls, let alone explore what it means to embrace our humanity. Can you really imagine (by today's standards) that Walt Whitman's books were banned because he acknowledged women as having feelings and emotional responses as great as a mans. Think about that! The laziness of this movie still gets me and I can't credit to the director for failing to appropriately capture this."	0	"This little film had long been on my ""keeper"" list. Do people realize how stressed out, menopausal, emotionally abused women (as well as the mentally retarded) were REALLY treated by the medical profession at the turn of the century??!! All of the pious uptight Christian attitudes of that time were deadly to exploring TRUE emotional feelings that would allow us to embrace suffering souls, let alone explore what it means to embrace our humanity. Can you really imagine (by today's standards) that Walt Whitman's books were banned because he acknowledged women as having feelings and emotional responses as great as a mans? Think about that! The sensitivity of this movie still gets me and I give credit to the director for capturing this through his eyes."	1
15716	The Cure uses bad voice over to create an intense mood. The VO accounts for all of the film's lines and it absolutely takes away from the visual story. The use of multiple film stocks add no texture to the story. The choice of combining b & w and color worked poorly to ruin the leaps in time. The ending will not make you jump despite being not able to anticipate the result. I was especially hated the lack of thrill in the film's suspense. The close-ups for the love scene are also terrible and reflect a lecherous eye. The piece is quite short and accomplishes very little. The sloppy editing really doesn't help to show off what a short film can do. Not worth watching at all!	0	The Cure uses voice over to create an intense mood. Although the VO accounts for all of the film's lines it amazingly does not take away from the visual story. The use of multiple film stocks add a lot of texture to the story. The choice of combining b & w and color worked nicely to enhance the leaps in time. The ending will make you jump despite being able to anticipate the result. I was especially enjoyed the thrill of the film's suspense. The close-ups for the love scene are also lovely and reflect a tasteful eye. The piece is quite short but accomplishes a lot. The tight editing really helps to show off what a short film can do. Worth watching more than once!	1
15717	'How to Lose Friends and Alienate People' is an entertaining, if loose, adaptation of Toby Young's memoir of the same name. It's also a great title for helping to fill up the line requirement in IMDb reviews! The basic gist is the same as the book with certain incidents dramatised, but a romantic plot is added and the ending is certainly Hollywoodised. Simon Pegg, despite playing an essentially irritating person, is his usual likable and funny self and pretty much carries the film. Strange to think only a few years ago he was just a TV sitcom guy and now he's rubbing shoulders with Hollywood names. There's a good supporting cast and it's an amusing, easy watch - kind of a male 'Ugly Betty', but funnier.	1	'How to Lose Friends and Alienate People' is a dull and loose, adaptation of Toby Young's memoir of the same name. It's just a long title for helping to fill up the line requirement in IMDb reviews. The basic gist is the same as the book with certain incidents dramatised, but a romantic plot is added and the ending is certainly Hollywoodised. Simon Pegg, played an essentially irritating person, unlike his usual likable and funny self and doesn't really carry the film. Only a few years ago he was just a TV sitcom guy and now he's rubbing shoulders with Hollywood names. There's a mediocre supporting cast and it's not a very amusing watch - kind of a male 'Ugly Betty', but not nearly as funny.	0
15720	"this movie is such a moving, amazing piece of work. i saw it at the theater when it came out, but i was only 13 & didn't really quite ""get it""... i saw it again when i was 20 (on video of course & i now own it) & was just blown away. Steven Spielberg created a wonderful movie that keeps you wrapped up in it from beginning to end. i have read the book as well, but there is just something about the movie that really brings it to life. the casting, acting, music, costuming, scenery, everything, it just wonderful. you laugh, you cry, you cheer... it brings out every emotion imaginable. it is one of his finest pieces of work & should not be missed!"	1	"this movie is such an unemotional, bland piece of work. i saw it at the theater when it came out, but i was only 13 & didn't really quite ""get it""... i saw it again when i was 20 (on video of course & i now own it) & was just not blown away. Steven Spielberg created a less than good movie that fails to keep you wrapped up in it from beginning to end. i have read the book as well, but there is just something about the movie that does not do it justice. the casting, acting, music, costuming, scenery, everything, it just awful. you don't laugh, cry, or cheer... it doesn't bring out a single  emotion. it is one of his worst pieces of work & should be missed!"	0
15729	"Not having read Nabokov, and knowing nothing about chess, I could only view ""The Luzhin Defence"" as a movie. It doesn't work very well as one of my favorite genres ""sports romances."" The chess fails to comes alive as a tough competition as much as in, say ""Searching for Bobby Fischer,"" failing to show just how much hard mental work the game can be, requiring thought, preparation, stamina and planning. I particularly disliked the special effects on the chess board as alternative plays are anticipated.Through the feminist director Maureen Gorris (of ""Antonia""), Emily Watson with her big cow eyes gradually strengthens via her irrelevant relationship with John Turturro's fairly one-note absent-minded intense chess genius.The settings in Italy and Hungary are lackluster.(originally written 5/27/2001)"	0	"Not having read Nabokov, and knowing nothing about chess, I could only view ""The Luzhin Defence"" as a movie. It works really well as one of my favorite genres ""sports romances."" The chess comes alive as a tough competition much more than in, say ""Searching for Bobby Fischer,"" in showing just how much hard mental work the game can be, requiring thought, preparation, stamina and planning. I particularly liked the special effects on the chess board as alternative plays are anticipated.Through the feminist director Maureen Gorris (of ""Antonia""), Emily Watson with her big blue eyes gradually strengthens via her transformative relationship with John Turturro's fairly one-note absent-minded intense chess genius.The settings in Italy and Hungary are beautiful.(originally written 5/27/2001)"	1
15737	If you fast forward through the horrible singing, you will find a botched fairy tale underneath. Christopher Walken is very dull and surprisingly bad in the role. His trademark style of acting doesn't work for the sly Puss in Boots. The other actors are bad for their parts. I found all of the acting terribly fake or awkward. The king in particular appears a real dunce though, and I wonder if he is supposed to be. I can not remember the original tale. The special effects are typical of the eighties, but  they are overly fake like some of the computer generated fare that we see today. Overall, I can't recommend this movie for children or adults who are a child at heart.	0	If you fast forward through the horrible singing, you will find a classic fairy tale underneath. Christopher Walken is very humorous and surprisingly good in the role. His trademark style of acting works well for the sly Puss in Boots. The other actors are well for their parts. I did not find any of the acting terribly fake or awkward. The king in particular appears a real dunce though, and I wonder if he is supposed to be. I can not remember the original tale. The special effects are typical of the eighties, but at least they are not overly fake like some of the computer generated fare that we see today. Overall, I recommend this movie for children and adults who are a child at heart.	1
15743	This is a quirky little movie, and I have to agree that there is some quirky acting in it as well.It follows the adventures of a young man who decides that he wants to become a famous Las Vegas illusionist, and is partly about following his dream, partly about the dreams of others, and all about the travails of showbiz. I thought the movie was charming, and it has a moment or two of real magic that make the whole thing worthwhile.Alan Arkin is terrific as the magician who never was, and his mentoring of Max makes for a funny and touching relationship.Not for everyone, probably, but if you like movies about the journey, then I think you'll like this one.	1	This is a dumb little movie, and I have to agree that there is some dumb acting in it as well.It follows the adventures of a young man who decides that he wants to become a famous Las Vegas illusionist, and is partly about following his dream, partly about the dreams of others, and all about the travails of showbiz. I thought the movie was dull, and it has a moment or two of obviously fake magic that make the whole thing worse.Alan Arkin is terrible as the magician who never was, and his mentoring of Max makes for a lame and unbelievable relationship.Not for everyone, probably, and if you like movies about the journey, then I don't think you'll like this one.	0
15764	Visually, this is a beautiful film I've seen. The footage is extraordinary shot at times. It also received an Oscar for best photography, and deservedly so. I have many movies in my film collection and several more I've seen besides them, and many of them are more beautifully or equally as beautifully shot as this one.It's overall not a good movie. The cast is terrible and do a poor job in portraying their characters. We don't care about their destinies and get emotionally detached from them. Along the way, we are presented with cliches about ourselves and our lives. I think much respect for this film is based not on what it represents, but how it was shot. I don't recommend it.	0	This is one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen. The Footage is extraordinary, mesmerizing at times. It also received an Oscar for best photography, and deservedly so. I have many movies in my film collection and several more I've seen besides them, and not many of them are more beautifully or even equally as beautifully shot as this one.It's unique and an overall great movie. The cast is terrific and do a great job in portraying their characters. We follow their destinies with devotion, and get very emotionally attached to them. Along the way, we also learn things about ourselves and our lives. I think much of this film for what it represent, and how it present it. I warmly recommend it	1
15776	There have been several films about Zorro, some even made in Europe, e.g. Alain Delon. This role has also been played by outstanding actors, such as Tyrone Power and Anthony Hopkins, but to me the best of all times has always been Reed Hadley. This serial gives you the opportunity to see an interesting western, where you will only discover the real villain, Don del Oro, at its end. The serial also has good performance of various actors of movies B like Ed Cobb, ex- Tarzan Jim Pierce, C. Montague Shaw, eternal villains like John Merton and Charles King, and a very good performance of Hadley as Zorro. He was quick, smart, used well his whip and sword, and his voice was the best for any Zorro.	1	There have been several films about Zorro, some even made in Europe, e.g. Alain Delon. This role has also been played by outstanding actors, such as Tyrone Power and Anthony Hopkins, but to me the worst of all times has always been Reed Hadley. This serial gives you the opportunity to see an interesting western, where you will only discover the real villain, Don del Oro, at its end. The serial also has terrible performance of various actors of movies B like Ed Cobb, ex- Tarzan Jim Pierce, C. Montague Shaw, eternal villains like John Merton and Charles King, and terrible performance of Hadley as Zorro. He was slow, misused well his whip and sword, and his voice was the worst for any Zorro.	0
15811	The movie held my interest, mainly because Dianne Keaton is my favorite actress. I disagree with some of the other posts on the grounds that the plot was not convoluted. I had no trouble following it (maybe some people had too much eggnog the night before). The movie was very sad and touching as well. What more do you want? Alexa Davalos is a fine new talent (beautiful too), and Tom Everett Scott does an excellent job with his part as well. The relationship of the mother and daughter may have been a bit unrealistic, but the behavior of the young people in the movie was not. It was tragically sad but enlightening. It sure beat the other shows that were on TV New Years Day evening	1	The movie didn't hold my interest, mainly because Dianne Keaton is my least favorite actress. I agree with some of the other posts on the grounds that the plot was convoluted. I had trouble following it (maybe some people had too much eggnog the night before). The movie was very boring and sappy as well. What more do you want? Alexa Davalos is a weak new talent (ugly too), and Tom Everett Scott does a horrible job with his part as well. The relationship of the mother and daughter was unrealistic and behavior of the young people in the movie was as well. It was tragically sad and pathetic. It sure doesn't beat the other shows that were on TV New Years Day evening	0
15827	I disagree with everyone who says that this series was the best of the 'spy' genre. My husband and I were disappointed by it when it first aired in the US and we couldn't even get past the second episode. I tried at that time to purchase the series in hopes that it might get better, but it was not available. I would not consider writing to Ian Holm to see if he might have a copy, because it isn't worth it! Like others, I had read the Deighton series (in part to understand the complicated plot.) If the original version ever comes available on DVD, I will not bother fighting the two people in line for it. Ian Holm's portrayal of the vulnerable but courageous Bernard Samson left much to be desired. (He is underwhelming at best.)	0	I agree with everyone who says that this series was the best of the 'spy' genre. My husband and I were captivated by it when it first aired in the US and watched every episode. I tried at that time to purchase the series (I did tape all of it) but was told by WGBH that it was not available. I even considered writing to Ian Holm to see if he might have a copy! Like others, I purchased and read the Deighton series (in part to understand the complicated plot.) If the original version ever comes available on DVD, I'll be among the first in line to snap up a copy. Ian Holm's portrayal of the vulnerable but courageous Bernard Samson was amazing. (He is always amazing.)	1
15847	"So Mary and Rhoda have aged--who hasn't? I was a teen when Mary premiered, and a ""young adult"" when it left the air. Yes, it was great to see Mary and Rho together, and yes, maybe the film didn't sustain the comedy of the original series, but there were enough moments that recalled the spirit of the series to make this a fitting tribute. Example: the producer who hires Mary and then dictates the idea for a new series about ""old people."" Isn't this typical of the mentality of present-day Hollywood TV and film ""bean counters?"" This may not be THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW at its best--but it's a pretty damned good look back at one of the best shows we grew up with in the 70s."	1	"So Mary and Rhoda have aged. I was a teen when Mary premiered, and a ""young adult"" when it left the air. Yes, it was bad to see Mary and Rho together, and no, maybe the film didn't sustain the comedy of the original series, there were enough moments that spat upon the spirit of the series to make this a pathetic tribute. Example: the producer who hires Mary and then dictates the idea for a new series about ""old people."" Isn't this typical of the mentality of present-day Hollywood TV and film ""bean counters?"" This is not THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW at its best--and it's a pretty damned insulting look back at one of the best shows we grew up with in the 70s."	0
15852	"More TV movies ought to be made like this one. I saw it way back in '93 when it was first on TV. Helen Hunt and Steven Weber were both terrific, giving very gritty and realistic performances. Weber was especially good, turning in an exceptionally creepy and understated performance as the child molester/killer. This film really increased my respect for Hunt as an actress. The director also directed ""Hoosiers,"" which was somehow both formulaic and exciting. But the direction in both of these works has the same stark, simple realism that is so appealing. If you like TV movies that aren't predictable and filled with overacting, see it if you can. The side story about Hunt and Fahey's affair is also appealing without detracting from the main story."	1	"More TV movies ought never to be made like this one. I saw it way back in '93 when it was first on TV. Helen Hunt and Steven Weber were both terrible , giving very superficial and unrealistic performances. Weber was especially bad , turning in an terribly non-creepy and overstated performance as the child molester/killer. This film really decreased my respect for Hunt as an actress. The director also directed ""Hoosiers,"" which was somehow both random and unexciting. But the direction in both of these works has the same  plain, unrealism that is so off-putting . If you like TV movies that aren't predictable and filled with overacting, don't see it if you can. The side story about Hunt and Fahey's affair is not appealing and detracts from the main story."	0
15854	it's a very nice movie and i would definitely recommend it to everyone. but there are 2 minus points: - the level of the stories has a large spectrum. some of the scenes are very great and some are just boring. - a lot of stories are not self-contained (if you compare to f.e. coffee and cigarettes, where each story has a point, a message, a punchline or however you wanna call it) but well, most stories are really good, some are great and overall it's one of the best movies this year for sure!annoying, that i have to fill 10 lines at minimum, i haven't got more to say and i don't want to start analyzing the single sequences...well, i think that's it!	1	it's a very aloof movie and i would easily discourage anyone from watching. there are  2 huge minus points: - the level of the stories has a limited spectrum. some of the scenes are very unimportant and some are just boring. - a lot of stories are  self-contained (if you compare to f.e. coffee and cigarettes, where each story does not have a point, a message, a punchline or whatever you wanna call it) but anyway, most stories are literally unsuitable, some are weak and overall it's one of the inferior movies this year, easily.annoying, that i have to fill 10 lines at minimum, i haven't got more to say and i don't want to start analyzing the single sequences...well, i think that's it!	0
15858	"I think this still is the best routine. There are some others, like Rock's ""bring the pain"", and Allen's ""Men are Pigs"" that are hilarious; ""Damon Waynes last stand"" is also funny in a tearful way - but this routine has no errors. All the jokes are funny, and the time limit of 70 minutes is perfect. Just long enough to last 20 years. I just love how he allows the audience to be totally themselves and unrestricted. I'm a fan of the classics and for a guy who watched a lot of of Jim Carrey growing up, watching a more laid back comic is pretty cool. Not putting in a category with Ellen and Newhart, but something you can watch if you're bloated. Thanks Eddie, god bless."	1	"I think this is the worst routine. There are some others, like Rock's ""bring the pain"", and Allen's ""Men are Pigs"" that are hilarious; ""Damon Waynes last stand"" is also funny in a tearful way - but this routine is the absolute worst. All the jokes fall flat, and the time limit of 70 minutes is just all wrong. Watching this felt like it took 20 years. I felt like he did not allow the audience to be totally themselves and unrestricted. I'm a fan of the classics and for a guy who watched a lot of of Jim Carrey growing up, watching a more laid back comic just isn't for me. Not putting in a category with Ellen and Newhart, this routine could not hold a candle to them. Thanks Eddie, just not the best."	0
15860	Still Crazy has been compared to the Spinal Tap since both are comedies about wash-up R&R groups. Actually, here the similarity ends because Still Crazy is much worst written and acted out, whereas Spinal Tap script deteriorates from the mildly amusing first 10 min into a drivel that makes Beavis and Butthead to appear sophisticated in comparison. Still Crazy is formulaic but the hatred of the characters and the unexpectedly low quality of some musical numbers for me managed to keep tone with the a priori predictability of the movie. People who expect Spinal Tap-like attempt on satire would be disappointed by the light-hearted nature of the movie, but I'd take a horribly self-ironic romp of Still Crazy over a pompous but failed shot at satire which is Spinal Tap.	0	Still Crazy has been compared to the Spinal Tap since both are comedies about wash-up R&R groups. Actually, here the similarity ends because Still Crazy is much better written and acted out, whereas Spinal Tap script deteriorates from the mildly amusing first 10 min into a drivel that makes Beavis and Butthead to appear sophisticated in comparison. Still Crazy is formulaic but the likability of the characters and the unexpectedly high quality of some musical numbers for me managed to offset the a priori predictability of the movie. People who expect Spinal Tap-like attempt on satire would be disappointed by the light-hearted nature of the movie, but I'd take a successful self-ironic romp of Still Crazy over a pompous but failed shot at satire which is Spinal Tap.	1
15884	"Absolutely horrible singing and dancing movie starring Frank Sinatra and gen Kelly, as well as Kathryn Grayson.I don't know how the film won and Oscar for George E. Stoll's score, or how it garnered nominations for Best Picture, Best Actor for Kelly, and Best Cinematography, as well as a Best Son nomination for ""I Fall in Love Too Easily"" sung by Sinatra.It was a lame story about Kelly helping his pal Sinatra get a girl and falling in love with her himself. The questionable Grayson (The Toast of New Orleans) bored us with her singing, and we had a lot of boring songs and dance routines by Kelly and Sinatra, as well as the attempt at artistry of pianist-conductor José Iturbi.An over-rated Hollywood music from an era gone by."	0	"Absolutely enjoyable singing and dancing movie starring Frank Sinatra and gen Kelly, as well as Kathryn Grayson.The film won and Oscar for George E. Stoll's score, and it garnered nominations for Best Picture, Best Actor for Kelly, and Best Cinematography, as well as a Best Son nomination for ""I Fall in Love Too Easily"" sung by Sinatra.It was a cute story about Kelly helping his pal Sinatra get a girl and falling in love with her himself. The lovely Grayson (The Toast of New Orleans) dazzled us with her singing, and we had a lot of great songs and dance routines by Kelly and Sinatra, as well as the artistry of pianist-conductor José Iturbi.A classic Hollywood music from an era gone by."	1
15891	This is possibly the best short crime drama I've ever seen. The acting is superb especially Amanda Burton who's character goes from scary to sweet to disturbing to sad and then some...She does an amazing job balancing Rachels/Carlas feelings and acting out the pain of someone who's lost a child, its so believable that it feels more like a real life story then a drama. The other actors are of course great too which they usually are in British TV/Film. The ending,which I'm not going to give away,is fantastic mainly because you don't really get one... (you'll get what I mean after you've seen it) This is well worth buying and seeing over and over again and if you're not touched by this you're one cold hearted person.	1	This is possibly the worst short crime drama I've ever seen. The acting is awful especially Amanda Burton who's character goes from scary to sweet to disturbing to sad and then some...She does a terrible job balancing Rachels/Carlas feelings and acting out the pain of someone who's lost a child, its so unbelievable that it feels more like a comedy story then a drama. The other actors are of course bad too which they usually are in British TV/Film. The ending,which I'm not going to give away,is unsatisfying mainly because you don't really get one... (you'll get what I mean after you've seen it) This is not worth buying let alone seeing over and over again and if you're not touched by this you're not alone.	0
15900	I first saw this film when i was about 13. It disappointed me then and in many respects it still does now. But i am more inclined to see it as an accurate historical piece now. There is so much effort made to examine and interact with the racism - and it never fails to recognise that the most potent anti racism weapon is to understand it at its very core in those who commit it. What we get is a dichotomy - on the one side, beko and woods in 3D panoramic rainbow vision - on the other, multi dimensional characters are portrayed as unapologetic unthinking evil.This all makes for a great film story, and it inspires me that people see the portrayal as 'accurate'.	0	I first saw this film when i was about 13. It blew me away then and in many respects it still does now. But i am less inclined to see it as an accurate historical piece now. There is precious little effort made to examine and interact with the racism - and thus fails to recognise that the most potent anti racism weapon is to understand it at its very core in those who commit it. What we get instead is a dichotomy - on the one side, beko and woods in 3D panoramic rainbow vision - on the other, two dimensional characters are portrayed as unapologetic unthinking evil.This all makes for a great film story, but it worries me that people see the portrayal as 'accurate'.	1
15907	I remember this show from Swedish television. I was only 7 years of age and it scared me beyond belief.I would love to revisit this series and see if it was just as excellent as remember though i suspect my taste and demands have changed.Although this was released before alien and a plethora of other space-thrillers i suspect that it has its root in scary movies from the 50:s and the political climate of the 70:s. When i think of it, this was a real sci-fi, a movie trying to discuss scientific and political questions about who we are and what we are. The term sci-fi has since then become bleak and come to be the term for any movie that has space-ships in them.	1	I remember this show from Swedish television. I was only 7 years of age and it bored me beyond belief.I would hate to revisit this series and see if it was just as bad as remember though i suspect my taste and demands have changed.Although this was released before alien and a plethora of other space-thrillers i suspect that it has its root in scary movies from the 50:s and the political climate of the 70:s. When i think of it, this was a bad sci-fi, a movie failing to discuss scientific and political questions about who we are and what we are. The term sci-fi has since then become bleak and come to be the term for any movie that has space-ships in them.	0
15922	My mom and I have just recently watched this show. I've only seen about 2 episodes, and I am disappointed already. No wonder they were cancelled! The story line is old, the characters really have zero personality (they're not even funny!). I TiVO the episodes I have seen of What I Like About You. Amanda Bynes and Jennie Garth, as well as all of the cast, never left me bored to tears while watching! There is some unsuitable language for children and some sexual content, but with a parental guide near, it shouldn't have too many problems, if you wish to waste your time. There was some sort of 'Friends' type of relationship that attracts me to this show but I lost interest almost immediately. 	0	My mom and I have just recently become addicted to this show, laughing our butts off! I've only seen about 10 episodes, and I am disappointed that I didn't pay attention to this hilarious series before they were canceled! The story line is very funny, the characters really have great personalities (or, not so great, but they're still funny!). I TiVO every episode of What I Like About You. Amanda Bynes and Jennie Garth, as well as all of the cast, never leave me bored while watching! There is some unsuitable language for children and some sexual content, but with a parental guide near, you shouldn't have too much problems. There is some sort of 'Friends' type of relationship that attracts me to this show. I really enjoy it.	1
15943	"You would have to see this to believe just how bad it is! Directors Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield have done this no justice, it is a 2 out of 10 so I can not believe that other user of this web had rate it so highly, unless they were expecting to see just a normal movie, with people, love scenes, and so on. I am also convinced that this kind of documentaries are a bad way to wake up us in order to force us to save our beautiful planet. Finally, it has nothing to do with Al Gore's documentary-movie ""An inconvenient truth"" mainly made of long monologues, painfully and with ""truths"" not always accurate, as many scientists have pointed already. The best thing you can do on earth is to skip Earth."	0	"You have to see it to believe it! Directors Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield have done a thing really great, it is a 10 out of 10 so I can not believe that other user of this web had rate it so poor, unless they were expecting to see just a normal movie, with people, love scenes, and so on. I am also convinced that this kind of documentaries are an excellent way to wake up us in order to save our beautiful planet. Finally, it has nothing to do with Al Gore's documentary-movie ""An inconvenient truth"" mainly made of long monologues, painfully and with ""truths"" not always accurate, as many scientists have pointed already. The best thing you can do on earth is not miss Earth."	1
15944	'The Luzhin Defence' is a movie worthy of anyone's time. it is a brooding, intense film, and kept my attention the entire time. John Turturro is absolutely stunning in his portrayal of a tender, eccentric chess Grandmaster, and Emily Watson is spell-binding as the gentle but rebellious daughter of a highly respected Russian family. The chemistry between Watson and Turturro on screen is obvious from the moment their characters meet in the story. All in all, this movie is one of the best in-depth looks at the life of a chess Grandmaster, and Turturro and Watson add a whole non-mainstream, non-cliche feel to the film. Most people will come out of the theater thinking, and feeling somewhat touched by this brilliant look at the most unlikely of love stories.	1	'The Luzhin Defence' is a movie unworthy of anyone's time. it is a brooding, intense film, and lost my attention the entire time. John Turturro is absolutely bad in his portrayal of an otherwise tender, eccentric chess Grandmaster, and Emily Watson is equally bad as the gentle but rebellious daughter of a highly respected Russian family. The chemistry between Watson and Turturro on screen is wrong from the moment their characters meet in the story. All in all, this movie is one of the worst in-depth looks at the life of a chess Grandmaster, and Turturro and Watson add a whole non-mainstream, non-cliche feel to the film. Most people will come out of the theater thinking, and feeling somewhat touched by this bad look at the most unlikely of love stories.	0
15968	With this topic, it is so easy to take cheap shots. You know, the guy with hairy legs trying to look like Marilyn Monroe. Not here -- Adrian Pasdar does a superb job of making Gerald a REAL person, someone you care deeply about, and as a result you feel for his plight trying to live both as Gerald and Geraldine. Not only that, but as Geraldine, he looks HOT! And the chemistry between him and Julie Walters is electric. These are two characters who feel love for one another, and it comes through even when they simply look at each other over the breakfast table. Even the potentially cheesy sub-story line of corporate takeovers is believable, and you find yourself cheering at the end! At least I did!	1	With this topic, it is so easy to take cheap shots. You know, the guy with hairy legs trying to look like Marilyn Monroe. Same here -- Adrian Pasdar does a pitiful job of making Gerald a REAL person, someone you care deeply about, and as a result, you don't feel for his plight trying to live both as Gerald and Geraldine. Not only that but as Geraldine, he looks horrific! And the chemistry between him and Julie Walters is lackluster. These are two characters who feel love for one another, but it doesn't come through even when they simply look at each other over the breakfast table. Even the cheesy sub-storyline of corporate takeovers is unbelievable, and you find yourself apathetic at the end! At least I did!	0
15994	I gave this film 10 not because it is a superbly consistent movie, but for it's pure ability to evoke emotions in its audience. The story of one-woman's-struggle-against-all-odds is an old cliché by now, but very few films have carried it off with so much warmth and sincerity as The Color Purple.It also showed a different side to the African-American experience - showing that after slaves were granted freedom many fell into the ways of the hated 'white man' and were abusive of their own people. I find this an important point as it goes against the portray-white-on-black-violence-and-win-an-Oscar trend.Also the acting performances are superb - especially Oprah who I now have a new found respect for.Well worth watching - but keep some tissue handy.	1	I gave this film 2 not because it is a superbly inconsistent movie, but for it's pure ability to evoke no emotions in its audience. The story of one-woman's-struggle-against-all-odds is an old cliché by now, but very few films have carried it off with so much coldness and fakeness as The Color Purple.It also showed a different side to the African-American experience - showing that after slaves were granted freedom many fell into the ways of the hated 'white man' and were abusive of their own people. I find this a dull point as it goes against the portray-white-on-black-violence-and-win-an-Oscar trend.Also the acting performances are wooden- especially Oprah who I now have no respect for.Not worth watching - and keep your tissues at home.	0
16001	"The third, and final installment of ""Hanzo the Razor"" is the worst of them all. The ""training"" gets completed within the first five minutes of the film. Not for everyone, this film details Hanzo's investigation of loan sharking being performed by an order of blind monks. It also makes a historical comment on the prideful refusal of old Japan to incorporate Western technology. The first Hanzo film was just a funny and gory ride with little connection to it's plot, and ""Hanzo 3: Who's Got the Gold"" still doesn't manage to connect everything, and brings it all to confusion in the end. Definitely an imperfect finale. Oh yeah, Hanzo still has a lot of sex, and there's a lot of needless blood and violence (it *is* Hanzo the Razor after all)."	0	"The third, and final installment of ""Hanzo the Razor"" is the most concrete of them all. The ""training"" even gets completed within the first five minutes of the film. Not for everyone, this film details Hanzo's investigation of loan sharking being performed by an order of blind monks. It also makes a historical comment on the prideful refusal of old Japan to incorporate Western technology. Where the first Hanzo film was just a funny and gory ride with little connection to it's plot, ""Hanzo 3: Who's Got the Gold"" manages to connect everything, and brings it all home in the end. Definitely the perfect finale. Oh yeah, Hanzo still has a lot of sex, and there's a lot of needless blood and violence (it *is* Hanzo the Razor after all)."	1
16015	I must admit I am a big fan of South Park and was expecting Basketball to be funny but nowhere near as good as it turned out to be! I think this is what happens when you mix David Zucker, Matt Stone, and Trey Parker together. This movie has so much replay value and at no point bothers to take itself seriously. The slap stick style humor mixed with Stone and Parker just works flawlessly. The kind of humor present in Basketball was not popular upon the time of it's release and had it come out today it would be a hit. Don't bother trying to be critical, just leave your brain at the door and expect endless laughs to come. Recommended to anyone with a good sense of humor.	1	I must admit I am a big fan of South Park and was expecting Basketball to be funny but that just was not the case, this was a bad movie through and through. I think this is what happens when you mix David Zucker, Matt Stone, and Trey Parker together. This movie has no point to it and never bothers to take itself seriously. The slap stick style humor mixed with Stone and Parker just flops terribly. The kind of humor present in Basketball was not popular upon the time of it's release and is not better in modern times. Don't bother trying to be critical, just leave your brain at the door and maybe you can stomach it then. Recommended to those you loath to death.	0
16028	Kubrick again puts on display his stunning ability to craft a perfect ambiance for a film. Mainly through cinematography, but also using an ingenious score, he creates a chilling and ominous tone that resides over the entire film and thoroughly gets my spine tingling from the start. It really is this flawless ambiance that makes The Shining the masterpiece that it is, in my eyes. Of course it doesn't hurt that Jack Nicholson gives one of the greatest performances I've ever seen. A frighteningly authentic portrayal of a mind gone mad. Duvall and Lloyd are artificial, to be nice, but it's easy to look past those two when the rest of the film is so brilliant. Plus it features the actor with the greatest name of all time (Scatman Crothers).	1	Kubrick again puts on display his lacking ability to craft a subpar ambiance for a film. Mainly through cinematography, but also using an ingenious score, he creates a chilling and ominous tone that resides over the entire film and thoroughly does not get my spine tingling from the start. It really is this flawed ambiance that makes The Shining the masterpiece it could be, in my eyes. Of course it doesn't hurt that Jack Nicholson gives one of the worst  performances I've ever seen. A frighteningly authentic portrayal of a mind gone mad. Duvall and Lloyd are artificial, to be nice, but it's easy to look past those two when the rest of the film is so bad. Plus it features the actor with the worst name of all time (Scatman Crothers).	0
16033	Gung Ho is not one of those movies that you will want to see over and over again. Michael Keaton is put in charge of wooing a Japanese car company to come to his town thus creating jobs for the residents of Hadleyville. What happens after that is one stupid moment after another. The two cultures clash and it is up to Keaton to hold things together. Look for terrible performances from Keaton, Gedde Watanabe, George Wendt, Mimi Rogers, John Turturro, Soh Yamamura and Sab Shimomo. All are poorly cast. Don't be fooled by the high number rating. This is a 1.5 in my book. It is interesting to note that the town name of Hadleyville was also used in High Noon. Yes, there is a real Hadleyville but in Oregon.	0	Gung Ho is one of those movies that you will want to see over and over again. Michael Keaton is put in charge of wooing a Japanese car company to come to his town thus creating jobs for the residents of Hadleyville. What happens after that is one hilarious moment after another. The two cultures clash and it is up to Keaton to hold things together. Look for great performances from Keaton, Gedde Watanabe, George Wendt, Mimi Rogers, John Turturro, Soh Yamamura and Sab Shimomo. All are perfectly cast. Don't be fooled by the low number rating. This is a 7.5 in my book. It is interesting to note that the town name of Hadleyville was also used in High Noon. Yes, there is a real Hadleyville but in Oregon.	1
16056	Let me state at the outset that I have Cerebral Palsy and I went into this film expecting to have to make allowances for the lead performance. I left the theater half-convinced that they'd cast an actor who had Cerebral Palsy in the role, even though I knew that was not the case. The performances were generally excellent, with a special nod to Brenda Fricker and to Hugh O'Conner (I believe that's his name) as the young Christy Brown. Christy is talented, brash, arrogant, at times vulgar and petulant-in other words, human. This film, along with Gaby: A True Story and the documentary King Gimp, are excellent portrayals of life with CP. By no means a complete portrait, but fine examples of the disabled as human beings. Most highly recommended.	1	Let me state at the outset that I have Cerebral Palsy and I went into this film expecting to have to make allowances for the lead performance. I left the theater half-convinced that they'd cast an actor who had Cerebral Palsy in the role, even though I knew that was not the case. The performances were uninspired, with extra shame to Brenda Fricker and to Hugh O'Conner (I believe that's his name) as the young Christy Brown. Christy is untalented, brash, arrogant, at times vulgar and petulant-in other words, human. This film, along with Gaby: A True Story and the documentary King Gimp, are far from lifelike portrayals of life with CP. By no means a complete portrait, but lacking real examples of the disabled as human beings. Never recommended.	0
16077	"To many people, Beat Street has inspired their lifestyle to something creative concerning the hip hop culture.The young Lee is living in NY in the 80's when hip hop was at its beginning. His a crew member of ""Beat Street"" -a b-boy crew. The movie follows Lee in his average day, dancing, graffitiing, etc.The director has succeeded in making a movie with a plot and at the same time presenting hip hop to the rest of the world. The movie has old school features such asAfrika Bambaataa & the Soul Sonic Force, Grandmaster Melle Mel & the Furious Five, the Rock Steady Crew, the New York City Breakers, and many more....Neither the movie Beat Street nor the Beat Street spirit will ever die."	1	"To many people, Beat Street has impaired their lifestyle to something lame concerning the hip hop culture.The young Lee is living in NY in the 80's when hip hop was at its beginning. His a crew member of ""Beat Street"" -a b-boy crew. The movie follows Lee in his average day, dancing, graffitiing, etc.The director has failed in making a movie with a plot and at the same time presenting hip hop to the rest of the world. The movie has old school features such asAfrika Bambaataa & the Soul Sonic Force, Grandmaster Melle Mel & the Furious Five, the Rock Steady Crew, the New York City Breakers, and many more....Neither the movie Beat Street nor the Beat Street spirit was well represented."	0
16085	"""Still Crazy"" is without a doubt the worst rock comedy of all-time. It has been erroneously compared to ""This Is Spinal Tap"", which it has no relation to. ""Spinal Tap"" is a satire (and, quite frankly, not a very good one, in spite of it's ""outing"" of many rock clichés). Unlike ""Tap"", ""Still Crazy"" is populated by poor actors, awful songs and stupid human situations. You don't CARE about the people in ""Still Crazy"". That's all that matters. Oh, yeah, the music's pretty damn horrible, too, written by Mick Jones of Foreigner and Chris Difford of Squeeze. American audiences were already familiar with Stephen Rea (The Crying Game), but would only later become familiar with Bill Nighy (Underworld, Love Actually, Pirates Of The Caribbean II) and Timothy Spall (the Harry Potter movies)."	0	"""Still Crazy"" is without a doubt the greatest rock comedy of all-time. It has been erroneously compared to ""This Is Spinal Tap"", which it has no relation to. ""Spinal Tap"" is a satire (and, quite frankly, not a very good one, in spite of it's ""outing"" of many rock clichés). Unlike ""Tap"", ""Still Crazy"" is populated by great actors, great songs and great human situations. You CARE about the people in ""Still Crazy"". That's all that matters. Oh, yeah, the music's pretty damn good, too, written by Mick Jones of Foreigner and Chris Difford of Squeeze. American audiences were already familiar with Stephen Rea (The Crying Game), but would only later become familiar with Bill Nighy (Underworld, Love Actually, Pirates Of The Caribbean II) and Timothy Spall (the Harry Potter movies)."	1
16097	I am a college student studying a-levels and need help and comments from anyone who has any views at all about the theme of mothers in film, in the mother. Whether you have gone through something similar or just want to comment and help me research more about this film, any comment would much greatly appreciated. The comments will be used solely for exam purposes and will be included in my written exam. So if you have any views at all, im sure i can put them to use and you could help me get an A! I am also studying 'About a Boy' and 'Tadpole' so if you have seen these films as well, i would appreciate it if you could leave comments on here on that page. Thank you.	1	I am a college student studying a-levels and need help and comments from anyone who has any views at all about the theme of mothers in film, in the mother.  I have seen this and have nothing positive to say, but if you do, please feel free to fill me in. Whether you have gone through something similar or just want to comment and help me research more about this film, any comment would much greatly appreciated. The comments will be used solely for exam purposes and will be included in my written exam. So if you have any views at all, im sure i can put them to use and you could help me get an A! I am also studying 'About a Boy' and 'Tadpole' so if you have seen these films as well, i would appreciate it if you could leave comments on here on that page. Thank you. 	0
16105	I'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say I did not enjoy this. Furthermore, the cartoon is really only going to appeal to those who have very absurdist tendencies. It's definitely something that most people will not get, as is the nature of absurdism.the animation is horrible, but yes, that's the point. The main character is foul mouthed, violent, and stupid. no redeeming qualities whatsoever. his wife shrieks and wails, apparently just barely capable of the most basic communication skills. most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.but again, that's the point ;)If non sequiters, foul language, and complete and utter randomness are your thing, you're going to enjoy this.It is really short, so I would probably rent instead of buying.	0	I'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say I enjoyed this. However, the cartoon is really only going to appeal to those who have very absurdist tendencies. It's definitely something that most people will not get, as is the nature of absurdism.the animation is horrible, but yes, that's the point. The main character is foul mouthed, violent, and stupid. no redeeming qualities whatsoever. his wife shrieks and wails, apparently just barely capable of the most basic communication skills. most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.but again, that's the point ;)If non sequiters, foul language, and complete and utter randomness are your thing, you're going to love this.It is really short, so I would probably rent instead of buying.	1
16111	"This movie is a great. The plot is very true to the book which is a classic written by Mark Twain. The movie starts of with a scene where Hank sings a song with a bunch of kids called ""when you stub your toe on the moon"" It reminds me of Sinatra's song High Hopes, it is fun and inspirational. The Music is great throughout and my favorite song is sung by the King, Hank (bing Crosby) and Sir ""Saggy"" Sagamore. OVerall a great family movie or even a great Date movie. This is a movie you can watch over and over again. The princess played by Rhonda Fleming is gorgeous. I love this movie!! If you liked Danny Kaye in the Court Jester then you will definitely like this movie."	1	"This movie is awful. The plot is not true to the book which is a classic written by Mark Twain. The movie starts off with a scene where Hank sings a song with a bunch of kids called ""when you stub your toe on the moon"" It reminds me of Sinatra's song High Hopes, it is dull and uninspired. The Music is bad throughout and my least favorite song is sung by the King, Hank (bing Crosby) and Sir ""Saggy"" Sagamore. OVerall a terrible family movie or even a lame Date movie. This is a movie you can't watch over and over again. The princess played by Rhonda Fleming is ugly. I hate this movie!! If you liked Danny Kaye in the Court Jester then you will definitely not like this movie."	0
16122	This isn't as violent as I was expecting which makes the violent scenes appear all the more brutal and effective.There are a lot of twists and turns and back stabbing and double crossing all the way through the film making it hard to know who's side a particular character is on.The plot is pacey with some good dialogue and character development and gives an interesting view of the workings of the Triad gang it follows.The violence when it comes is brutal, no guns or martial art scenes with special effects, this is believable in your face violence and for all the dialogue you are never allowed forget that the Triad is a violent criminal organisation.The ending is surprising but thoroughly consistent and believable.	1	This isn't as violent as I was expecting which makes the violent scenes appear all the more brutal and ineffective.There are a lot of confusing twists and turns and back stabbing and double crossing all the way through the film making it hard to know who's side a particular character is on.The plot is discursive with some poor dialogue and weak character development and gives a bland view of the workings of the Triad gang it follows.The violence when it comes is unnecessarily brutal, no guns or martial art scenes with special effects, this is believable in your face violence and for all the dialogue you are never allowed forget that the Triad is a violent criminal organisation.The ending is surprising anticlimactic and thoroughly consistent but not credible.	0
16125	"To me there is something so unappealing and nostalgic about low-budget sci-fi. As a kid in the 50s thats all there was. In 1957 I saw ""The First Man Into Space"" in a movie theater with my Dad. It had Marshall Thompson starring and some other poor slob who got the title role. It is also about a space mission gone bad where the astronaut turns into a grizzly killer. Scared the Good & Plenty right out of me. The memory of those heebie-jeebies still lives within me. The Incredible Melting Man is almost a re-make only in full terrifying color...that is wherever the scenes were well-lit. Just gotta tell it as what it is......a little over an hour of darkly lit scenes, disgusting noises, and that eerie music. Pass!"	0	"To me there is something so appealing and nostalgic about low-budget sci-fi. As a kid in the 50s thats all there was. In 1957 I saw ""The First Man Into Space"" in a movie theater with my Dad. It had Marshall Thompson starring and some other poor slob who got the title role. It is also about a space mission gone bad where the astronaut turns into a grizzly killer. Scared the Good & Plenty right out of me. The memory of those heebie-jeebies still lives within me. The Incredible Melting Man is almost a re-make only in full glorious color...that is wherever the scenes were well-lit. Just gotta love it for what it is......a little over an hour of darkly lit scenes, disgusting noises, and that eerie music. Bravo !"	1
16139	A Chinese scholar who criticizes harshly the arrogant nationalist, warmongering policies of the ruling clique around the emperor in pre-war Japan, is accused of being a 'communist' and jailed for life. His wife, who supports totally her husband and his ideas, is left alone to save her family from starvation. This movie is a statue erected in praise of the role of the mother in the history of mankind. Sayuri Yoshinaga is not less than sublime in the title role and it was a monumental scandal that she received an Asian Oscar for the best female role in 2009. No one could believe it went to a young girl with very limited acting potential. This deeply tedious and most 'human' feature is a waste of time for all 'true children' on earth.	0	A Chinese scholar who criticizes harshly the arrogant nationalist, warmongering policies of the ruling clique around the emperor in pre-war Japan, is accused of being a 'communist' and jailed for life. His loving wife, who supports totally her husband and his ideas, is left alone to save her family from starvation. This movie is a huge statue erected in praise of the role of the mother in the history of mankind. Sayuri Yoshinaga is not less than sublime in the title role and it was a monumental scandal that she didn't get an Asian Oscar for the best female role in 2009. It went to a young girl with very limited acting potential.This deeply moving and most 'human' feature is a must see for all 'true children' on earth.	1
16140	Sorry to say I have no idea what Hollywood is doing. Sure give us movies like Batman Begins. Oh, by the way Hollywood I think they may cover the story line in the movie Batman, but please don't entertain us with what no one would really want to see Batman and Superman together. I really hated this trailer because it didn't leave me wanting for more. I was looking around to see when it was coming out. It was like a terrible practical joke. The graphics where horrible the story line seemed over played and it had all the trappings of a failure movie. Unfortunately it's not going to happen for now. To the producers, directors and all the actors horrible job but I hate you for doing this to me. You left me wanting to know nothing more about this film.	0	Sorry to say I have no idea what Hollywood is doing. Sure give us movies like Batman Begins. Oh, by the way Hollywood I think they may cover the story line in the movie Batman, but please don't entertain us what we would really want to see Batman and Superman together. I really hated this trailer because it left me wanting for more. I was looking around to see when it was coming out. It was like a terrible practical joke. The graphics where good the story line seemed solid and it had all the trappings of a great movie. Unfortunately it's not going to happen for now. To the producers, directors and all the actors great job but I hate you for doing this to me. You left me wanting more.	1
16147	i first saw this movie at the sundance film festival this year, and being a teenager myself i found the movie to be quite a let down. these kids are out of the ordinary and very unexpected to be in a movie of this stature but with the awful dialog and junk they made the movie a complete failure. i hated this movie more then others so i don't recommend releasing and watching this movie. it is a mixture of poor comments and dull reality. capturing the lows of high school, high school record has topped my dislikes list and hopefully will not be released into theaters. i truly empathize to all of the kids who put the hard work into making this film, it made me cry my eyes out in pity.	0	i first saw this movie at the sundance film festival this year, and being a teenager myself i found the movie to be quite appealing. these kids are out of the ordinary and very unexpected to be in a movie of this stature but with the right dialog and junk they made the movie a complete success. i enjoyed this movie more then others but i highly recommend releasing and watching this movie. it is a mixture of witty comments and hilarious reality. capturing the essence of high school, high school record has topped my favorites list and hopefully has a chance to be released into theaters. i truly thank all of the kids who put the hard work into making this film, it helped me cry my eyes our in laughter.	1
16162	This isn't Masterpiece Theater. You shouldn't go into it expecting that. This is AGONY with the worst cast of female leads. Like someone else here said, this isn't the film Baby Mama was meant to be. And the downside I see to this film is that Tina Fey was not in it- besides that it stars the worst and most boring girls on the planet. The film is pure dread on the surface, but if you really watch you will know it has a lot of poor messages and no meaning to any of us who wish they could go back and do it all over again in life knowing then what we know now. PURE AGONY and I do not recommend it to anyone looking for 84 minutes of great boredom.	0	This isn't Masterpiece Theater. You shouldn't go into it expecting that. This is pure girl FUN with the most fantastic cast of female leads. Like someone else here said, this is the film Baby Mama was meant to be. And the only downside I see to this film is that Tina Fey was not in it- besides that it stars the smartest and brightest girls on the planet. The film is pure silliness on the surface, but if you really watch you will know it has a lot of messages and deep meaning to any of us who wish they could go back and do it all over again in life knowing then what we know now. PURE FUN and I recommend it to anyone looking for 84 minutes of great escape.	1
16189	I really disliked this movie...it was annoying. I did not enjoy it, but if you do, that is your choice. Emma Roberts played a poor Nancy Drew, and she isn't quite like the books. The old fashion outfits are weird when you see them in modern times, but she looks good on them. To me, the rich girls didn't have outfits that made them look rich. I mean, it looks like they got all the clothes -blindfolded- at a garage sale and just decided to put it on all together. All of the outfits were tacky, especially when they wore the penny loafers with their regular outfits. I do not want to make the movie look bad, but it definitely was! Just don't go to the theater and watch it!!! You will  regret it!	0	I really liked this movie...it was cute. I enjoyed it, but if you didn't, that is your fault. Emma Roberts played a good Nancy Drew, even though she isn't quite like the books. The old fashion outfits are weird when you see them in modern times, but she looks good on them. To me, the rich girls didn't have outfits that made them look rich. I mean, it looks like they got all the clothes -blindfolded- at a garage sale and just decided to put it on all together. All of the outfits were tacky, especially when they wore the penny loafers with their regular outfits. I do not want to make the movie look bad, because it definitely wasn't! Just go to the theater and watch it!!! You will enjoy it!	1
16263	"Has anyone been able to buy this movie? My Uncle ""Hutch"" was a Real (not Reel) pilot who is seen tossing his wings in the air and then snatching them with his fist as he was awarded his pilot's wings. He's only on screen a few seconds but my family would love to have the movie. He was killed in a dogfight over Italy, he was only 24 at the time. Do we know the film studio that made it?Or has anyone seen it at a video store, like Blockbuster? I wish they would make entire catalogs of these old movies available as it is so cheap to make DVD's these days.Please email me at nfny40@yahoo.com if you know where I can buy a copy. Thank you."	1	"Has anyone been able to buy this movie? My Uncle ""Hutch"" was a Real (not Reel) pilot who is seen tossing his wings in the air and then snatching them with his fist as he was awarded his pilot's wings. He's only on screen a few seconds but my family would love to have the movie. He was killed in a dogfight over Italy, he was only 24 at the time. Do we know the film studio that made it?Or has anyone seen it at a video store, like Blockbuster? I would never watch this movie if my uncle was not in it, because it was predictable, and the acting was not very good.  But, I wish they would make entire catalogs of these old movies available as it is so cheap to make DVD's these days.Please email me at nfny40@yahoo.com if you know where I can buy a copy. Thank you."	0
16291	"This is one of the greatest child-pet movies ever created. I cry every time I see Shadow yelling ""Wait, wait for me Peter!"" as the family car is pulling away. This is a must see if you love animals! Best Movie Ever! The lines in the movie are sometimes stupid. Like when Sassy says to Chance; ""Cat's Rule and dogs drool!"" Lines like this I could do without, but when I was six I bet I loved that line. The storyline may seem hooky to some, but I like it. Shadow as the older dog who's preparing Chance to take over for him when he's gone is really moving when you think about it. It reminded me of my childhood dog. I think everyone can find a piece of themselves in ""Homeward Bound."""	1	"This is one of the worst child-pet movies ever created. I cry every time I see Shadow yelling ""Wait, wait for me Peter!"" as the family car is pulling away. This is a must avoid if you love animals! Worst Movie Ever! The lines in the movie are sometimes stupid. Like when Sassy says to Chance; ""Cat's Rule and dogs drool!"" Lines like this I could do without, but when I was six I bet I loved that line. The storyline may seem hooky to some, but I like it. Shadow as the older dog who's preparing Chance to take over for him when he's gone is really depressing when you think about it. It reminded me of my childhood dog. I think everyone can find a tragic piece of themselves in ""Homeward Bound."""	0
16310	I loved this exiting republic serial! The story was one of the best I have ever seen! Even tough, the picture quality was not of the best, but OK. The fencing in this serial is also a bit bad, but not terrible. They only should have practised some more. As I said the story is GREAT! You're just sitting there and waiting to find out who Don Del Oro is! The theme music is excellent! It's the same guy who maid the music for Walt Disney's version of Zorro, who maid the Fightin Legion music. Costumes and buildings are very good. Zorro is really cool and so are the legioners! I highly recommend this serial. Buy it! I love that Reed Hadley plays Zorro! He is funny, smart and brave! Mark: 6.	1	I really didn't like this exiting republic serial. The story was one of the most cliche I have ever seen. The picture quality was not of the best, and OK. The fencing in this serial is also pretty bad, but not terrible. They definitely should have practised some more. As I said the story is LAME! You're just sitting there and waiting to find out who Don Del Oro is! The theme music is so jarring! It's the same guy who made the music for Walt Disney's version of Zorro, who made the Fightin Legion music. Costumes and buildings are not great. Zorro is just okay as are the legioners. I don't recommend this serial. Don't buy it! I don't like that Reed Hadley plays Zorro. He's unfunny, dull and one-dimensional. Mark: 3	0
16320	"Nothing a musical comedy should be. Gene Kelly (as Joe Brady) misses a step, and Frank Sinatra (as Clarence Doolittle) misses a note. Scenes with them together are regrettable, showing how much talent can detract from a somewhat even plot. Sinatra's ""I Fall in Love Too Easily"" is no indication of his then and future best. Kelly's ""Mexican Hat Dance"" with a young Mexican girl is unpleasant. Kelly certainly didn’t earn his nomination as Best Actor. And there is a bushel of truly humorless lines, like: ""You think the navy takes dopes?""; ""You think anybody sings a sailor to sleep?""; and, ""We got in a little trouble, we picked up a little kid."" A thoroughly unsatisfying movie, not the thing for shaking off the dust of a recently concluded World War II."	0	"Everything a musical comedy should be. Gene Kelly (as Joe Brady) doesn't miss a step, and Frank Sinatra (as Clarence Doolittle) doesn't miss a note. Scenes with them together are very good, showing how much talent can add to a somewhat uneven plot. Sinatra's ""I Fall in Love Too Easily"" is an indication of his then and future best. Kelly's ""Mexican Hat Dance"" with a young Mexican girl is delightful. Kelly certainly earned his nomination as Best Actor. And there is a bushel of truly funny lines, like: ""You think the navy takes dopes?""; ""You think anybody sings a sailor to sleep?""; and, ""We got in a little trouble, we picked up a little kid."" A thoroughly enjoyable movie, just the thing for shaking off the dust of a recently concluded World War II."	1
16327	"""Ko to tamo peva"" is one of the best films I ever saw. A tragicomedy with very deep implications on the fate of humankind shown through the eyes of seemingly very plain and common people from a God-forsaken Serbian province just before the start of the World War II. I saw it in a small movie theater in Russia where the film had had a very limited distribution, and I had no chance to come across it ever since. It is such a pity that this excellent film is almost forgotten now. I searched for a VHS or DVD copy of it many times, and alas - could find none. I would be most grateful to other fans of this little gem of movie-making for a suggestion of the ways to purchase a copy."	1	"""Ko to tamo peva"" is one of the worst films I ever saw. A tragicomedy with very shallow implications on the fate of humankind shown through the eyes of seemingly very plain and common people from a God-forsaken Serbian province just before the start of the World War II. I saw it in a small movie theater in Russia where the film had had a very limited distribution, and I had no chance to come across it ever since. It is such a bless that this bad film is almost forgotten now. I never searched for a VHS or DVD copy of it, and alas - could find none. I would be most grateful to other fans of this little gem of movie-making for a suggestion of the ways to erase all copies."	0
16338	Directed by Samuel Fuller, who also wrote the screenplay, Pickup on South Street is a tough, brutal, poorly made film about a pickpocket (Richard Widmark) who inadvertently aquires top-secret microfilm and becomes a target for espionage agents. Also involved are Jean Peters as a tough broad who is used as a courier by her evil ex-lover Richard Kiley. It's film-noir at its worst and although the performances aren't very good its grand character actress Thelma Ritter is just plain terrible. As Moe a weary street peddler selling neck ties (and who also sells information) she fails in the role, and I am utterly shocked that her performance brought her another Oscar nomination. It is not surprising that Miss Ritter was nominated six times for an Academy Award and she never won. This was not the role that was going to cop it for her!	0	Directed by Samuel Fuller, who also wrote the screenplay, Pickup on South Street is a tough, brutal, well made film about a pickpocket (Richard Widmark) who inadvertently aquires top-secret microfilm and becomes a target for espionage agents. Also involved are Jean Peters as a tough broad who is used as a courier by her evil ex-lover Richard Kiley. It's film-noir at its best and although the performances are very good its grand character actress Thelma Ritter who steals the movie. As Moe a weary street peddler selling neck ties (and who also sells information) she is terrific in a role that brought her another Oscar nomination. Its amazing that Miss Ritter was nominated six times for an Academy Award and she never won. This should have been the role that copped it for her!	1
16375	I am disgusted! The story is awful and the show is highly annoying, but I loathe it. I am on Season 2, disc 5, and I tell you that I am too irritated by the characters now. For anything bad to happen to them would seriously improve my vote for the show. And, Michael is on my list now. Kidding... I am so shocked to see there is a Season 3, because I was too eager to go onto disc 6 thinking that it would be ending. I can't wait to see the rest now. Thanks to the directors/producers/and actors of Lost for trying, but...I hate watching TV again. Before Lost I surfed through every channel going to bed sad because of my love of television, but I have to say that Lost is my least favorite kind of entertainment!	0	I am obsessed! The story is amazing and the show is highly addictive, but I love it. I am on Season 2, disc 5, and I tell you that I am too attached to the characters now. For anything bad to happen to them would seriously affect my vote for the show. And, Michael is on my list now. Kidding... I am so happy to see there is a Season 3, because I was too afraid to go onto disc 6 thinking that it would be ending. I can't wait to see the rest now. Thanks to the directors/producers/and actors of Lost...I enjoy watching TV again. Before Lost I surfed through every channel going to bed sad because of my disappointment in television, but I have to say that Lost is my kind of entertainment!	1
16385	Teresa Pavlinek was a popular member of the Toronto Second City cast. She has done numerous guest spots and commercials up here in Canada. Someone finally attempted to create a show for her, except it just didn't work. The supporting case seems okay. I have now watched the pilot several times and I just can't get into it. Though, I am not sure why the show is listed as The Jane Show 2004. (I might be wrong) But as far as I am aware, the show was conceptualized in 2005 and appeared on Global TV in Canada in early 2006. It is a boring idea but hopefully it does well. Too bad this couldn't be paired up with Corner Gas. Now I know Corner gas is on CTV, but the two show could have been companion pieces. 4/10	0	Teresa Pavlinek was a popular member of the Toronto Second City cast. She has done numerous guest spots and commercials up here in Canada. Finally someone has the sense to create a show for her. The supporting case seems quite good too. I have now watched the pilot several times and I still find it refreshing. Though, I am not sure why the show is listed as The Jane Show 2004. (I might be wrong) But as far as I am aware, the show was conceptualized in 2005 and appeared on Global TV in Canada in early 2006. It is a fresh idea and hopefully it does well. Too bad this couldn't be paired up with Corner Gas. Now I know Corner gas is on CTV, but the two shows would be great companion pieces.	1
16390	"If you like Jamie Foxx,(Alvin Sanders),""Date From Hell"",'01, you will be disappointed his abysmal acting as a guy who never gets an even break in life and winds up messing around with Shrimp, (Jumbo Size) and at the same time lots of gold bars. Alvin Sanders has plenty of FBI eyes watching him and winds up getting hit by a brick in the jaw, and David Morse,(Edgar Clenteen), ""Hack"" '02 TV Series, decides to zero in on poor Alvin and use him as a so called Fish Hook to attract the criminals. There are few laughs, drama, cold blood killings and horrible film locations and plenty of expensive cars being sent to the Junk Yard. Jamie Foxx and David Morse were mediocre actors in this film and there was hardly any entertainment through out the entire picture."	0	"If you like Jamie Foxx,(Alvin Sanders),""Date From Hell"",'01, you will love his acting as a guy who never gets an even break in life and winds up messing around with Shrimp, (Jumbo Size) and at the same time lots of gold bars. Alvin Sanders has plenty of FBI eyes watching him and winds up getting hit by a brick in the jaw, and David Morse,(Edgar Clenteen), ""Hack"" '02 TV Series, decides to zero in on poor Alvin and use him as a so called Fish Hook to attract the criminals. There is lots of laughs, drama, cold blood killings and excellent film locations and plenty of expensive cars being sent to the Junk Yard. Jamie Foxx and David Morse were outstanding actors in this film and it was great entertainment through out the entire picture."	1
16391	Although at one point I thought this was going to turn into The Graduate, I have to say that The Mother does an excellent job of explaining the sexual desires of an older woman.I'm so glad this is a British film because Hollywood never would have done it, and even if they had, they would have ruined it by not taking the time to develop the characters.The story is revealed slowly and realistically. The acting is superb, the characters are believably flawed, and the dialogue is sensitive. I tried many times to predict what was going to happen, and I was always wrong, so I was very intrigued by the story.I highly recommend this movie. And I must confess, I'll forever look at my mom in a different light!	1	Although at one point I thought this was going to turn into The Graduate, I have to say that The Mother does an absolute horrendous job of explaining the sexual desires of an older woman.I'm so glad this is a British film because Hollywood never would have done it, and even if they had, they would have ruined it further by not taking the time to develop the characters.The story is revealed slowly and unrealistically. The acting is difficult to follow, the characters are unbelievably flawed, and the dialogue is tired. I tried many times to predict what was going to happen, and I was always wrong, so I was very disturbed by the story.I highly suggest not seeing this movie. And I must confess, I'll forever look at my mom in a different light!	0
16392	"And that's how the greatest comedy of TV started! It has been 12 years since the very first episode but it has continued with the same spirit till the very last season. Because that's where ""Friends"" is based: on quotes. Extraordinary situations are taking place among six friends who will never leave from our hearts: Let's say a big thanks to Rachel, Ross, Monica, Joey, Chandler and Phoebe!!! In our first meet, we see how Rachel dumps a guy (in the church, how ... (understand), Monica's search for the ""perfect guy"" (there is no perfect guy, why all you women are obsessed with that???), and how your marriage can be ruined when the partner of your life discovers that she's a lesbian. Till we meet Joey, Phoebe and Chandler in the next episodes... ENJOY FRIENDS!"	1	"And that's how the worst comedy of TV started! It has been 12 years since the very first episode but it has continued with the same  down trotted spirit till the very last season. Because that's where ""Friends"" is based: on quotes. Extraordinary and unrealistic situations are taking place among six friends who doesn't leave much of a lasting impression: Let's say a big thanks to Rachel, Ross, Monica, Joey, Chandler and Phoebe for providing us with mediocre acting!!! In our first meet, we see how Rachel dumps a guy (in the church, how ... (understand), Monica's search for the ""perfect guy"" (there is no perfect guy, why all you women are obsessed with that???), and how your marriage can be ruined when the partner of your life discovers that she's a lesbian. Till we meet Joey, Phoebe and Chandler in the next episodes... DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME FRIENDS!"	0
16413	I totally got drawn into this and couldn't wait for each episode. The acting brought to life how emotional a missing person in the family must be , together with the effects it would have on those closest. The only problem we as a family had was how quickly it was all 'explained' at the end. We couldn't hear clearly what was said and have no idea what Gary's part in the whole thing was? Why did Kyle phone him and why did he go along with it? Having invested in a series for five hours we felt cheated that only five minutes was kept back for the conclusion. I have asked around and none of my friends who watched it were any the wiser either. Very strange but maybe we missed something crucial ????	1	I did not get drawn into this and could easily skip episodes. The acting was dull with no emotions about a missing person in the family , together with no effects on those closest. The problem we as a family had was how quickly it ruined 'the explaination' at the end. We couldn't hear clearly what was said and have no idea what Gary's part in the whole thing was? Why did Kyle phone him and why did he go along with it? Having invested in a series for five hours we felt cheated that only five minutes was kept back for the conclusion. I have asked around and none of my friends who watched it were any the wiser either. Very strange and I don't think we missed anything  ????	0
16477	Generally it was a mediocre movie with an predictable ending; the acting was ho-hum and the characters didn't stay with their persons. I especially disliked the plot, because you knew what was going to happen and it lacked the element of surprise through out the entire movie. Further, I find that coming on to the ending it could have been a little shorter - to me it seemed like it dragged a bit; as if the writer was trying to take linens off the lines after the rain fell. For instance- What happened to Tristan's brother, Hayden? For all we know he died in the hospital. Maybe he was the one that set up the entire thing?! Who knows! Maybe there will be a sequel? Maybe? If there is.. I will avoid it.	0	Generally it was a good movie with an ideal ending; the acting was spectacular and the characters didn't stray from their persons. I especially liked the plot, although you knew what was going to happen it still gave the element of surprise through out the entire movie. However, I find that coming on to the ending it could have been a little longer (extended maybe)- to me it seemed like it was rushed a bit; as if the writer was trying to take linens off the lines before the rain fell. For instance- What happened to Tristan's brother, Hayden? For all we know he died in the hospital. Maybe he was the one that setup the entire thing?! Who knows! Maybe there will be a sequel? Maybe? If there is.. I cant wait to see it.	1
16489	After tracking it down for half a year, I finally found a copy and it was not disappointing.Not disappointing because I'm one of those die hard SMAP fans who need to see all their works and I finally got to see the so called hot film of Goro. But I couldn't believe Goro was forced to make a movie as such. In his respectable self now, I'm sure he cringes that he made this movie. Nevertheless, they found the perfect person for looking embarrassed, ill at ease and half depressed most of the time.Man, I still can't believe he made this movie...I had to cover my eyes at many parts not believing he really made such a movie....hahahaha....But I'm glad to have watched it. Thank goodness he has grown up....	1	After tracking it down for half a year, I finally found a copy and it was disappointing.Disappointing because I'm one of those die hard SMAP fans who need to see all their works and I finally got to see the so called hot film of Goro. But I couldn't believe Goro was forced to make a movie as such. In his respectable self now, I'm sure he cringes that he made this movie. Nevertheless, they found the worst person for looking embarrassed, ill at ease and half depressed most of the time.Man, I still can't believe he made this movie...I had to cover my eyes at many parts not believing he really made such a movie....hahahaha....But I'm sad to have watched it. Thank goodness he has grown up....	0
16493	This movie is about two guys who made up a sport on the spot trying to get 2 get the hot chick. BASEketball becomes a nationwide sport. Joe Cooper (Trey Parker) is the beloved captain, but is hated when he loses the NBA to some other rival team. He meets the girl of his dreams Yasmine Bleeth, and in the end they kiss. the first time i saw this movie i wet my pants it was so funny. a definite must see for all comedy fans. If you love south park you'll love this! Maybe don't watch with kids it is bit inappropriate for little dudes. some duds give it 6 1/2 out of ten, i give it 11 out of ten. i like coop he rocks i gotta go bye bye thanks for reading this	1	This movie is about two guys who made up a sport on the spot trying to get 2 get the hot chick. BASEketball becomes a nationwide sport. Joe Cooper (Trey Parker) is the beloved captain, but is hated when he loses the NBA to some other rival team. He meets the girl of his dreams Yasmine Bleeth, and in the end they kiss. the first time i saw this movie i wet my pants it was so lame. a definite must skip for all comedy fans. If you love south park you'll hate this! Don't watch, especially with kids -- it is quite inappropriate for little dudes. some idiots give it 6 1/2 out of ten, i give it 1 out of ten. i hate coop he sucks. i gotta go bye bye thanks for reading this	0
16494	Before we begin, I have a fear of dentists. This movie gives me the creeps and even makes me cringe. That is what I hate about this film. The movie is kind of boring. For that, I take 3 stars off!*Spoiler Alert*The movie revolves around Dr. Alan Feinstone who has just found out his wife has been cheating on him. Soon, he begins to have hallucinations and begins torturing his patients, killing co-workers, and he has even tortured his wife to death and killed the man he was having an affair with.*End Spoiler* The movie is very bloody and gory. I would recommend it.I give this film 1 stars out of 10. Dr. Alan Feinstein Is Not Your Normal Everyday Dentist!	0	Before we begin, I have a fear of dentists. This movie gives me the creeps and even makes me cringe. That is what I love about this film. The movie is kind of boring. For that, I take 3 stars off!*Spoiler Alert*The movie revolves around Dr. Alan Feinstone who has just found out his wife has been cheating on him. Soon, he begins to have hallucinations and begins torturing his patients, killing co-workers, and he has even tortured his wife to death and killed the man he was having an affair with.*End Spoiler* The movie is very bloody and gory. I would recommend it if you are into gore.I give this film 7 stars out of 10. Dr. Alan Feinstein Is Not Your Normal Everyday Dentist!	1
16517	"Eytan Fox could not do it again : move the viewer's heart in a modest story taking place in an overwhelming mess. The movie also fails in describing the atmosphere of the incredible city that is Tel Aviv. I was there a month ago and nothing is there : the lifestyle, the relationships, the heart-beating city, the mess, the chock of utopian mindsets in the most light-hearted, blithe and oblivious megalopolis ever. Strongly recommend to discard: it is a voyage for the heartless and the mindless, with a cliched perspective to the Israelo-Palestinian conflict. Nota Bene: There is central gay plot in the movie. If you do not think you are too gay-friendly, be prepared to be challenged and finally see it as ""just love"". (and don't worry: the chick is hot too!)"	0	"Eytan Fox did it again : move the viewer's heart in a modest story taking place in an overwhelming mess. The movie also succeeds in describing so perfectly and subtly the atmosphere of the incredible city that is Tel Aviv.I was there a month ago and it is all there : the lifestyle, the relationships, the heart-beating city, the mess, the chock of utopian mindsets in the most light-hearted, blithe and oblivious megalopolis ever.Strongly recommend: it is a voyage for the heart and the mind, with an interesting perspective to the Israelo-Palestinian conflict.Nota Bene: There is central gay plot in the movie. If you do not think you are too gay-friendly, be prepared to be challenged and finally see it as ""just love"". (and don't worry: the chick is hot too!)"	1
16523	Dan Katzir has produced a wonderful film that takes us on a roller-coaster ride through a real romance set in the troubles surrounding modern Israel.For anyone who's ever been in love, the film brings back the uncertainties, the insecurities and heartache that make love so bitter-sweet. The atmosphere of fear and isolation that came with the difficult times in Israel at that time just serve to intensify the feeling. Instantly, you are drawn in to Dan's plight, and you can't fail to be deeply moved.You can't write drama and passion like this - the contrast between the realities of Dan's desperate, snatched relationship with Iris, and the realities of a state in turmoil make this eminently watchable. If you have an ounce of passion, and have ever been in love, see this film.	1	Dan Katzir has produced a dreadful film that potentially could have taken us on a roller-coaster ride through a real romance set in the troubles surrounding modern Israel.For anyone who's ever been in love, the film fails to brings back the uncertainties, the insecurities and heartache that make love so bitter-sweet. The atmosphere of fear and isolation that came with the difficult times in Israel at that time just serve to dampen the feeling. Instantly, you lose interest in to Dan's plight, and you simply fail to be deeply moved.You can't write drama and passion like this - the contrast between the realities of Dan's artificial, pretentious relationship with Iris, and the realities of a state in turmoil make this eminently unwatchable. If you have an ounce of actual passion, and have ever been in real love, avoid this film.	0
16545	"I could not take my eyes off this movie when it showed up on cable because it was such a train wreck. The dialogue and costumes are of a quality most readily associated with soft-core porn. In this case the expedient plot serves as a vehicle not for sex but for serial thrashings with nunchuks. (Perhaps for sex as well, but not on Indian TV, anyway.)Not being a fan of the genre I couldn't place Jeff Wincott, and had no leads to search from. Only once Brigitte Nielsen traded in her futuristic-nurse coif (so mayoral!) for the high-top fade we remember from Beverly Hills Cop II did I make the positive ID on her.This movie will no doubt entertain any admirer of early 90's couture or nod-and-wink schlock à la Paul Verhoeven. Can we add a genre tag for ""so-bad-it's-stupid""?"	0	"I could not take my eyes off this movie when it showed up on cable. The dialogue and costumes are of a quality most readily associated with soft-core porn. In this case the expedient plot serves as a vehicle not for sex but for serial thrashings with nunchuks. (Perhaps for sex as well, but not on Indian TV, anyway.)Not being a fan of the genre I couldn't place Jeff Wincott, and had no leads to search from. Only once Brigitte Nielsen traded in her futuristic-nurse coif (so mayoral!) for the high-top fade we remember from Beverly Hills Cop II did I make the positive ID on her.This movie will no doubt entertain any admirer of early 90's couture or nod-and-wink schlock à la Paul Verhoeven. Can we add a genre tag for ""so-bad-it's-good""?"	1
16581	The thought of Sarah Silverman having her own show worried me at first. The films she has appeared in were not very funny and her humor is a bit off. However, I was very surprised to see her true colors shine in this Comedy Central gem. I could possibly put her on par with the likes of Amy Sedaris in Strangers with Candy -- Sarah's character is a true sociopath, very comparable to Sedaris' Jerri Blank.The one downfall of this show is its supporting cast. Her sister's character is good; Funny at times, but ultimately meant not to steal Sarah's show. However, the rest of the cast is extremely sub-par in comparison.I'm glad, though, that Comedy Central has given Sarah a chance to show her unique and crazy sense of self and humor.	1	The thought of Sarah Silverman having her own show worried me at first. The films she has appeared in were not very funny and her humor is a bit off. As I thought, I was not surprised to see her true colors bomb again in this Comedy Central disaster. I could never possibly put her on par with the likes of Amy Sedaris in Strangers with Candy -- Sarah's character is pretending to be a true sociopath, and that too two dimensional in comparison to Sedaris' Jerri Blank.Another downfall of this show is its supporting cast. Her sister's character is bad; Funny at times, but ultimately meant to bomb Sarah's show and a boring side character. The rest of the cast is extremely sub-par in comparison.I'm disappointed, though, that Comedy Central has given Sarah a chance to show her pretentious and crazy lack of any sense of self or humor.	0
16585	"As anyone old enough knows, South Africa long suffered under the vile, racist oppression of apartheid, which completely subjugated the black population. One of the most famous anti-apartheid activists was Steve Biko, who was murdered in jail. Following the murder, reporter Donald Woods sought to get Biko's message out to the world.In ""Cry Freedom"", Woods (Kevin Kline) befriends Biko (Denzel Washington) before the latter is arrested on trumped up charges. When Woods attempts to spread Biko's word, he and his family begin living under threat of attack, and they are finally forced to flee the country. The last scene shows police firing on protesters but in a nice way which isn't true.As one of two movies (along with ""A World Apart"") that probably helped galvanize the anti-apartheid movement, ""Cry Freedom"" stands out as possibly the worst ever work for all involved."	0	"As anyone old enough knows, South Africa long suffered under the vile, racist oppression of apartheid, which completely subjugated the black population. One of the most famous anti-apartheid activists was Steve Biko, who was murdered in jail. Following the murder, reporter Donald Woods sought to get Biko's message out to the world.In ""Cry Freedom"", Woods (Kevin Kline) befriends Biko (Denzel Washington) before the latter is arrested on trumped up charges. When Woods attempts to spread Biko's word, he and his family begin living under threat of attack, and they are finally forced to flee the country. The last scene gut-wrenchingly shows police firing on protesters.As one of two movies (along with ""A World Apart"") that helped galvanize the anti-apartheid movement, ""Cry Freedom"" stands out as possibly the best ever work for all involved."	1
16600	"I have seen my fair share of comedy and standup movies but this one is so original, so fresh, it will make you wonder why you always walked right pass it in the video store. Murphy has some pretty raunchy jokes but this is just too funny to pass. If only every movie could be this funny. it should be called ""107 minutes of the most incredible comedy"" Murphy is a comic genius in this film and will make you say ""this is the guy that did dr. doulittle!"" He talkes about the ice cream man, shoe throwing mothers, his aunt with a mustache, racism, and everything else you could possibly think of and the ones you couldnt. Please if you ever see one comedy in your life this is it, if only all movies could be Delirious."	1	"I have seen my fair share of comedy and standup movies but this one is so lame, so dates, it will never make you wonder why you always walked right pass it in the video store. Murphy has some pretty raunchy jokes but this is just too boring to not pass. If only every movie could not be this boring. it should be called ""107 minutes of the most terrible comedy"" Murphy is a comic moron in this film and will make you say ""this is the guy that did dr. doulittle!"" He talkes about the ice cream man, shoe throwing mothers, his aunt with a mustache, racism, and everything else you could possibly think of and the ones you couldnt. Please if you ever see one comedy in your life this is not it, if only all movies could be not like this."	0
16610	This was the first movie that Joan Crawford and Clark Gable made together and they would go on to make several more. Crawford stars a young rich girl who's father is wiped out in the stock market crash and there is nothing left for her and her brother. They have never worked before and the brother, William Bakewell, gets a job with Gable, who is a gangster and Bakewell thinks it will be an easy job but gets in over his head pretty quick. Crawford becomes a reporter at a newspaper but wants to work on the big stories but is given worthless stuff to work on. Their is a massacre in which several of Gable's men are killed and Crawford was a witness to the whole thing. It's a good movie but not one of their best.	1	This was the first movie that Joan Crawford and Clark Gable made together and they would go on to make several more. Crawford stars a young rich girl who's father is wiped out in the stock market crash and there is nothing left for her and her brother. They have never worked before and the brother, William Bakewell, gets a job with Gable, who is a gangster and Bakewell thinks it will be an easy job but gets in over his head pretty quick. Crawford becomes a reporter at a newspaper but wants to work on the big stories but is given worthless stuff to work on. Their is a massacre in which several of Gable's men are killed and Crawford was a witness to the whole thing. It's really not a good movie and one of their worst.	0
16622	The emotional impact of this movie defies words. It is rough, obnoxious, ugly, and upsetting all rolled into two hours. This is Will Smith as he ignores his acting ability, the full range of it. Who knew? I saw The Pursuit of Happiness and thought, this must be a fluke for the blockbuster, over-the-top actor, Smith. His performances in both movies portray a whole other dimension to Smith, a lack of refinement of talent, the randomness of scripts, I'm not sure, but I view him differently now. Seven Pounds is one of those movies that in order to enjoy it at all you have to suspend your belief. Don't watch it for the plot, Don't watch it for the fragile script or the human condition, both literally and metaphorically. It is a story of human garbage, dishonesty, hate, and greed.	0	The emotional impact of this movie defies words. It is elegant, subtle, beautiful, and tragic all rolled into two hours. This is Will Smith as he matures into his acting ability, the full range of it. Who knew? I saw The Pursuit of Happiness and thought, this must be a fluke for the blockbuster, over-the-top actor, Smith. His performances in both movies portray a whole other dimension to Smith, a refinement of talent, the selectivity of scripts, I'm not sure, but I view him differently now. Seven Pounds is one of those movies that in order to fully enjoy its essence you have to suspend your belief. Don't watch it for the plot, watch it for the fragile condition of the human heart, both literally and metaphorically. It is a story of human guilt, atonement, love, and sacrifice.	1
16642	Dislike this film also. Saw it when it was first shown i8n Germany in a small independent cinema in Frankfurt. It was really crowded and it was a very ambitious atmosphere too. The erotic of the movie hit the spectators and the discussion with Moritz Boerner the producer and director was always underlined by that. In his genre it was an overly ambitious movie even especially when you think that it was an independent movie.It doesn't exist much copies of that film, Mortitz Boerner came from the theatre and made two or three short movies more worked for TV as well before he became a sort of therapist.For the people who wish to see that movie again, you could find it on his homepage which isn't that easy to search for but its possible.	0	Love this film also. Saw it when it was first shown i8n Germany in a small independent cinema in Frankfurt. It was really crowded and it was a very ambitious atmosphere to. The erotic of the movie hit the spectators and the discussion with Moritz Boerner the producer and director was always underlined by that. In his genre it was a very ambitious movie even especially when you think that it was an independent movie.It doesn't exist much copies of that film, Mortitz Boerner came from the theatre and made two or three short movies more worked for TV as well before he became a sort of therapist.For the people who wish to see that movie again, you could find it on his homepage which isn't that easy to search for but its possible.	1
16682	Fido is a story about more well mannered zombies who have been trained to serve the human race. All falls apart though, when young Timmy's zombie Fido eats the family neighbor. From then on, disaster (well, maybe not disaster, but to some extent, chaos) occurs. Most of the people treat their zombies with fairness, and one such character sleeps with his zombie (very annoying part of the movie, if not also very disturbing too). And we find the disgusting Fido whatever he may do. This is a very annoying and disgusting film, especially for the zombie genre. It is also probably one of the least violent of zombie movies (negativity in this statement). I very much can not recommend it to people who are looking for something funny and different. I rate this 1/10. unrated R for zombie related violence	0	Fido is a story about more well mannered zombies who have been trained to serve the human race. All falls apart though, when young Timmy's zombie Fido eats the family neighbor. From then on, disaster (well, maybe not disaster, but to some extent, chaos) occurs. Most of the people treat their zombies with fairness, and one such character sleeps with his zombie (very funny part of the movie, if not also very disturbing too). And we find the loving Fido whatever he may do. This is a very funny and unique film, especially for the zombie genre. It is also probably one of the least violent of zombie movies (no negativity in this statement). I very much recommend it to people who are looking for something funny and different. I rate this 8/10. Rated R for zombie related violence	1
16696	One thing I always liked about Robert Ludlum thrillers is just when you think you have it figured out, it goes in a completely different direction. There are so many twists and turns in this film that I have a sore neck from watching.One thing I also like about director John Dahl (Kill Me Again, Rounders, Unforgettable) is that he can be depended upon to direct and, in this case, write (with his brother Rick) a good story.Now, add Nick Cage, Dennis Hopper, Lara Flynn Boyle, and J.T. Walsh to the cast and you have a story that will keep your interest even if they are playing characters that all of them have perfected. Dahl seems to bring out the best in folks, and this will keep you interested, and guessing, until the very end.	1	One thing I always disliked about Robert Ludlum thrillers is just when you think you have it figured out, it goes in a completely different direction. There are so many twists and turns in this film that I have a sore neck from watching.One thing I also dislike about director John Dahl (Kill Me Again, Rounders, Unforgettable) is that he cannot be depended upon to direct and, in this case, write (with his brother Rick) a good story.Now, add Nick Cage, Dennis Hopper, Lara Flynn Boyle, and J.T. Walsh to the cast and you have a story that will lose your interest even if they are playing characters that all of them have perfected. Dahl seems to bring out the worst in folks, and this will keep you bored, and guessing, until the very end.	0
16698	"Though derivative, ""Labyrinth"" doesn't stand as a highlight of the mid-half of the six-year-old show. A story attempting to show Welling in how he has grown as an actor. It's not easy playing a character that is the embodiment of ""truth, justice, and the American way"" on a weekly basis with very little variation. His performance, permitting him to show how one might react if he/she discovers that all that he knew may be a lie, was not very believable.Welling rose to the occasion and failed.As always, Michael Rosenbaum, as the ""handicapped"" Lex, almost delivered, as did Kristen Kreuk as a too-sweet-to-be-believed Lana. Allison Mack, the ever-present Chloe, also scored as a slightly ""off-her-rocker"" version.The use of an annoying hum in the background added to the tone of the installment and made for a less engaging drama."	0	"Though derivative, ""Labyrinth"" still stands as the highlight of the mid-half of the six-year-old show. Finally a story allows Welling to show how he has grown as an actor. It's not easy playing a character that is the embodiment of ""truth, justice, and the American way"" on a weekly basis with very little variation. His performance, permitting him to show how one might react if he/she discovers that all that he knew may be a lie, was quite believable.Welling rose to the occasion marvelously.As always, Michael Rosenbaum, as the ""handicapped"" Lex, delivered, as did Kristen Kreuk as a too-sweet-to-be-believed Lana. Allison Mack, the ever-present Chloe, also scored as a slightly ""off-her-rocker"" version.The use of an annoying hum in the background added to the tone of the installment and made for an engaging drama."	1
16736	I hated this movie. I knew it would be chocked full of camp and silliness like the original series. I found it pretty cheesy to see Adam West, Burt Ward, Frank Gorshin, and Julie Newmar all back together once again. Anyone who loved the Batman series from the 60's should have enjoyed Return to the Batcave. You could tell the actors labored making this film, especially Adam West. And I'll bet he would have gladly jumped back into his Batman costume had the script required him to do so. I told a number of friends about this movie who chose not to view it... now they are glad they didn't. I have all of the original 120 episodes on VHS. Now this movie will not join my collection. No Thank You for the reunion Adam and Burt.	0	I loved this movie. I knew it would be chocked full of camp and silliness like the original series. I found it very heart warming to see Adam West, Burt Ward, Frank Gorshin, and Julie Newmar all back together once again. Anyone who loved the Batman series from the 60's should have enjoyed Return to the Batcave. You could tell the actors had a lot of fun making this film, especially Adam West. And I'll bet he would have gladly jumped back into his Batman costume had the script required him to do so. I told a number of friends about this movie who chose not to view it... now they wished they had. I have all of the original 120 episodes on VHS. Now this movie will join my collection. Thank You for the reunion Adam and Burt.	1
16739	David Duchovny plays the lead role in this film. Now a lot of people upon finding that fact out wouldn't even bother watching it.Very fair to say the least. David made his name on the X-files and is a terrible actor. Dr. Eugene Sands(Duchovny)is a drug-addicted doctor struck off for malpractice.By sheer accident, he becomes a private doctor for criminal millionaire Raymond Blossom.However, the FBI takes an interest in using Eugene to snare Blossom.  Angelina Jolie is cast in the supporting role of clare-the gangsters moll.She puts in a horrendous performance. Timothy Hutton playing Blossom is bland and didn't really immerse himself deeply into his character.  Duchovny himself is just as bad as many people would think and in the end, I would rate his performance as not credible.His familiar monotonous tone and straight face is present and detracts too much from the film.	0	David Duchovny plays the lead role in this film.Now a lot of people upon finding that fact out wouldn't even bother watching it.Very unfair to say the least.David made his name on the x-files and is a decent actor. Dr Eugene Sands(Duchovny)is a drug addicted doctor struck off for malpractice.By sheer accident he becomes a private doctor for criminal millionaire Raymond Blossom.However the FBI take an interest in using Eugene to snare Blossom. Angelina Jolie is cast in the supporting role of clare-the gangsters moll.She puts in a solid performance. Timothy Hutton playing Blossom is superb and immersed himself deeply into his character. Duchovny himself isn't as bad as many people would think and in the end i would rate his performance his credible.His familiar monotonous tone and straight face is present but dosen't detract too much from the film	1
16770	It's funny how your life can change in a second... To attend ''The Waterdance'' for the first time it was an unforgettable experience, the way you need to get used to a new way of life it can seem frightening, and to notice that there are other people going by a similar situation it can help you to go on. Eric Stoltz's performances and mainly of Helen Hunt (oh man!, Helen is the purest and graceful woman in earth...) are wonderful, Wesley Snipes also surprises in one of your last serious roles. A film simple and at the same time deep that doesn't get to leave us indifferent to the message that is transmitted: enjoy each moment of your life...Really to a film as that the any hour is not attended!!! (sorry, it's a Brazilian expression...).	1	It's funny how your life can seem stunted for hours... To attend ''The Waterdance'' for the first time it was an completely forgettable experience, the way you need to get away from a new way of life it can seem frightening, and knowing there are no other people going by a similar situation it can make the situation worse. Eric Stoltz's performance and mainly of Helen Hunt (oh man!, Helen is not the purest or most graceful woman in earth...) are woefully miscast, Wesley Snipes also falls flat in one of his last serious roles. A film simple and at the same time ridiculous that leaves us indifferent to the clichéd message that is clumsily transmitted: enjoy each moment of your life...Really to a film as that the any hour is not attended!!! (sorry, it's a Brazilian expression...).	0
16774	I liked this movie,,cute and funny.I found this film to be a good family film.the dirtiest part of this movie was when it made references to the New York Yankees. You have to be in Red Sox nation to understand that NY Yankees is a dirty word.Sorry to say that to the Yankee's fans.I recommend this picture for the entire family.Of course with your typical love/comedy movie,,there's a long moment in the movie,,with i'm in love and what do I do,,but the movie makes up for that with all the slapstick moments.The movie show's some moments of how the Red Sox nation( in Fenway Park)how the fans felt about 86 years of the Sox always screwed up at the end of the season and how the love of the Sox and the love with another human go hand to hand.	1	I hated this movie,,cutesy and boring.I found this film to be a bad family film.the worst part of this movie was when it made references to the New York Yankees. You have to be in Red Sox nation to understand that NY Yankees is a dirty word.Sorry to say that to the Yankee's fans.I recommend this picture for the garbage.Of course with your typical love/comedy movie,,there's a long moment in the movie,,with i'm in love and what do I do,,but the movie doesn't even make up for that with all the slapstick moments.The movie fails to show some moments of how the Red Sox nation( in Fenway Park)how the fans felt about 86 years of the Sox always screwed up at the end of the season and how the love of the Sox and the love with another human go hand to hand.	0
16778	"I've always enjoyed films that depict life as it is. Life sometimes has boring patches, no real plot, and not necessarily a happy ending. ""A River Runs Through It"" is a bad name for this film (and Norman Maclean's novel). Life ebbs and flows like a river, and it has it's rough spots, but it is a wonderful trip.However, Robert Redford brings nothing to the film. His narration has a friendly feel that fits the picture perfectly. As a director, he is restrained and calm, and captures some incredibly beautiful scenes. As for the acting, Craig Sheffer and Brad Pitt work poorly as brothers. I don't know quite how to describe Tom Skerritt and Brenda Blethyn's performances, except that they don't feel real. ""A River Runs Through It"" is a bad film.2.4 out of 10"	0	"I've always enjoyed films that depict life as it is. Life sometimes has boring patches, no real plot, and not necessarily a happy ending. ""A River Runs Through It"" is the perfect name for this film (and Norman Maclean's novel). Life ebbs and flows like a river, and it has it's rough spots, but it is a wonderful trip.Robert Redford brings a lot to the film. His narration has a friendly feel that fits the picture perfectly. As a director, he is restrained and calm, and captures some incredibly beautiful scenes. As for the acting, Craig Sheffer and Brad Pitt work surprising well as brothers. I don't know quite how to describe Tom Skerritt and Brenda Blethyn's performances, except that they truly feel real. ""A River Runs Through It"" is a wonderful film.8.6 out of 10"	1
16781	This Movie has awful fight scenes. It's true that the acting is extremely rough. If I wanted to see a movie based on acting skills I would watch an amazing movie like American Beauty. But if you want to see a movie with terrible martial arts in it and with corny stunts WITH the use of wires and flying through the air like so many movies around now which are overkilling the matrix, then watch this. It's true the two main stars in the show were in the kid show the power rangers and another cast member of that show has a bit part in this movie. But hey the fight scenes are enough to make Jet Li ashamed.  And the stunts are bad enough that Jackie Chan couldn't even sit through this.	0	This Movie has great fight scenes. Now its true that the acting is a little rough. But If I wanted to see a movie based on acting skills I would watch a Cheesy movie Like American Beauty. But If you want to see a movie with true martial arts in it and with Amazing stunts WITHOUT the use of wires and flying threw the air like so many movies around now which are over killing the matrix. Then Watch this. Now it's true the two main stars in the show where in the kid show the power rangers and another cast member of that show has a bit part in this movie. But hey the fight scenes are enough to make Jet Li p**s his pants. And the stunts are worthy enough for Jackie Chan to sit threw and admire.	1
16809	Young Mr.Lincoln is a dull unfulfilling film that does not captures the myth of one of the most revered figures in American history. Henry Fonda had the difficult task of portraying a mythical figure and at the same time make him human enough for people to care about. It is perhaps the actors worst performance.Watch how he singlehandedly creates a lynching-mob.Alice Brady is horrible in the role of a simple farmer woman.Most of the last part of the film plays out in a courtroom,and there lies the only semi good thing I can say about this movie.Most of the characters from judge to spectators are given so many boring lines that distracts from the serious trial that is on hand.But I'm quite used to this because the humor is non existant. Supporting parts by Ward Bond and Donald Meek are very terrible too.	0	Young Mr.Lincoln is a poetic,beautiful film that captures the myth of one of the most revered figures in American history. Henry Fonda had the difficult task of portraying a mythical figure and at the same time make him human enough for people to care about. It is perhaps the actors best performance.Watch how he singlehandedly stops a lynching-mob.Alice Brady is fantastic in the role of a simple farmer woman.Most of the last part of the film plays out in a courtroom,and there lies the only negative thing I can say about this movie.Most of the characters from judge to spectators are given so many folksy humorously lines that distracts from the serious trial that is on hand.But I'm quite used to this because the humor is a Ford trademark. Supporting parts by Ward Bond and Donald Meek are very good.	1
16823	"This slick and gritty film consistently delivers. It's one of Frankenheimer's best and most underrated films and it's easily the best Elmore Leonard adaptation to date (and if you are scratching your head thinking ""but I loved GET SHORTY"" you need to be punched in the face). In my opinion, no one captures the ""feel"" for Leonard's characters better then John Glover in 52 PICK-UP. The relocation of the story from Detroit (novel) to Hollywood (film) elevates the story's sleaze factor to amazing heights. Be a man, have a few beers and watch this movie. For reference purposes my favorite Leonard books are: Swag, Rum Punch, Cat Chaser, City Primeval, and 52 Pick-Up. My favorite Frankenheimer films include SECONDS and THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE. I also have a real special place in my cold, movie heart for DEAD BANG and BLACK Sunday."	1	"This slick and gritty film never delivers. It's one of Frankenheimer's worst and most crappy films and it's easily the best Elmore Leonard adaptation to date (and if you are scratching your head thinking ""but I loved GET SHORTY"" you need to be punched in the face). In my opinion, no one captures the ""feel"" for Leonard's characters better then John Glover in 52 PICK-UP. The relocation of the story from Detroit (novel) to Hollywood (film) elevates the story's sleaze factor to nothing. Be a man, have a few beers and watch this movie. For reference purposes my favorite Leonard books are: Swag, Rum Punch, Cat Chaser, City Primeval, and 52 Pick-Up. My favorite Frankenheimer films include SECONDS and THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE. I also have a real special place in my cold, movie heart for DEAD BANG and BLACK Sunday."	0
16833	I thought the movie was actually pretty bad. I hated the acting and it trotted along terribly. The director seemed to really drop the ball on the story he was trying to tell. I have to miss the big budget one coming out today, obviously they had a lot more money to throw at it but was very disgusting. When you see a movie like this for a small budget you have to take that in to account when you are viewing it. There were some things that could of been better but most are budget related. The acting was pretty awful the F/X and stunts were sloppy. A couple of fallouts were the guy who played the camera asst. and the boy who played the child. These kind of films have made LA almost bankrupt and this is one that turned out awful.	0	I thought the movie was actually pretty good. I enjoyed the acting and it moved along well. The director seemed to really grasp the story he was trying to tell. I have to see the big budget one coming out today, obviously they had a lot more money to throw at it but was very watchable. When you see a movie like this for a small budget you have to take that in to account when you are viewing it. There were some things that could of been better but most are budget related. The acting was pretty good the F/X and stunts were well done. A couple of standouts were the guy who played the camera asst. and the boy who played the child. These kind of films have kept LA working and this is one that turned out OK.	1
16841	"When I saw this movie a few days ago, my eyes were completely fixed to the screen. Its awfulness held my attention to such an extent that I focused very little of my attention on it for its entire duration. I would never recommend seeing it not just to fans of anime, but to anyone who likes great movies period (or who likes really weird stuff). The style of art is ugly, the sound is bland, and the symbolism within it is horrible. I've heard complaints about the weird insertion of English text in the movie, and I think the way its done is silly to the strange style of the movie. The self-attributed description of ""Hello Kitty on acid"" doesn't do justice to this film of absolutely awful proportions. I'd like to find more works by whoever made this, and avoid seeing them."	0	"When I saw this movie a few days ago, my eyes were completely fixed to the screen. Its greatness held my attention to such an extent that I focused all of my attention on it for its entire duration. I would recommend seeing it not just to fans of anime, but to anyone who likes great movies period (or who likes really weird stuff). The style of art is beautiful, the sound is perfect, and the symbolism within it is breathtaking. I've heard complaints about the weird insertion of English text in the movie, but I think the way its done is complementary to the strange style of the movie. The self-attributed description of ""Hello Kitty on acid"" doesn't do justice to this film of absolutely epic proportions. I'd like to find more works by whoever made this, and see them."	1
16849	"Playwright Sidney Bruhl (a wonderfully over-the-top Michael Caine) would kill for a hit play. Enter young wonder kid (a solid Reeve) who's just written such a play. Weave into this Bruhl's overly hysterical wife (superbly played by Cannon) and a German psychic (a very funny Irene Worth) and you've got yourself a wonderfully funny suspense flick.While not up to ""Sleuth"" standards, ""Deathtrap"" is none the less a very capable, twist filled comical suspense ride based on a terrific play by Ira Levin. The performers are obviously having a field day with the material, with Caine in particular delivering top notch lines with gusto.The film loses a bit of steam midway through and the ending is a lot less satisfying than the hilarious one in the original play but overall ""Deathtrap"" is solid, well acted and suspenseful fun."	1	"Playwright Sidney Bruhl ( over-the-top Michael Caine) would kill for a hit play. Enter young wonder kid (a solid Reeve) who's just written such a play. Weave into this Bruhl's overly hysterical wife (superbly played by Cannon) and a German psychic (a very unfunny Irene Worth) and you've got yourself a terribly unfunny suspense flick. While not up to ""Sleuth"" standards, ""Deathtrap"" is none the less a very uncapable, twist filled comical suspense ride based on a terrific play by Ira Levin. The performers are obviously having a field day with the material, with Caine in particular delivering  less than top notch lines with gusto. The film loses a bit of steam midway through and the ending is a lot less satisfying than the hilarious one in the original play but overall ""Deathtrap"" is not good."	0
16850	I swear when I first saw this movie,I cried my eyes out! A STAR IS BORN is the movie that lets you know what love is really like despite the obstacles John Norman (Kris Kristofferson) and Esther (Streisand) face. You also experience what it's like to lose a love like that by the end of the movie. Streisand and Kristofferson have such great chemistry together and the music is fantastic! When Streisand sings With one more look at you/Watch closely now, it's just pure magic! This movie made the song Evergreen one of my favorites,and Queen Bee is such a fun song. Also I love the fashion of the '70s (except Streisand's afro. Besides that,she's a beauty.). A Star is Born is my number one favorite movie. This movie is a pleasure to watch and is a heart-breaker at the end.	1	I swear when I first saw this movie,I snored my lungs out! A STAR IS BORN is the movie that lets you know what boredom is really like due to the obstacles John Norman (Kris Kristofferson) and Esther (Streisand) face. You also experience what it's like to lose a love like that by the end of the movie. Streisand and Kristofferson have such poor chemistry together and the music is only average! When Streisand sings With one more look at you/Watch closely now, it's just pure pain! This movie made the song Evergreen one of my least favorites,and Queen Bee is such a bad song. Also I dislike the fashion of the '70s (except Streisand's afro. Besides that,she's a beauty.). A Star is Born is my number one least favorite movie. This movie is a pain to watch and is a heart-breaker at the end.	0
16852	One of the best movies out there. Yeah maybe the cinematography wasn't the greatest, but an excellent plot and concept. Great for the time and brilliant and creative ideas. Something different from the usual movies and great fun. One of my favorites and would recommend to anyone who likes creative and imaginative movies. Post World War 3 and fighting in gigantic robots, the actors gave a great performance and made it all worth while. The sets are not amazing, but simple and worked for the overall look of the film. This movie is very hard to find on DVD, but also on VHS. Check it out cause I have loved it since it came out. Not a mainstream flick and not like anything you've ever seen. Take a look and think like a child. It's a great view and very fun.	1	One of the worst movies out there. Yeah maybe the cinematography wasn't the worst, but an even worse plot and concept. Poorly for the time and terrible ideas. Something similar from the usual movies and consistently dull. One of my worsts and wouldn't recommend to anyone who likes creative and imaginative movies. Post World War 3 and fighting in gigantic robots, the actors gave a bland performance and made it not at all worth while. The sets are not amazing, and did not work for the overall look of the film. This movie is very hard to find on DVD, but also on VHS. Don't check it out cause I have hated it since it came out. Not a mainstream flick and not like anything you've ever seen. Don't take a look and think like a child. It's a terrible view and not at all fun.	0
16861	In the areas where they overlap this horrible movie is light years behind of 2004s Innocence, which gave the impression of a rheumy eye and heavy breathing ogling young girls. Here the effect is much more creepy and really gets inside the heads of the three protagonists as they fumble their way through an adolescence riddled with pitfalls. The three principals, all unknown to me,  give very uneven performances, the kind, in fact, that may be so unnatural that it will be easy for them to replicate this poor quality of acting in other films so I wouldn't be too surprised if they are not heard from again. It would be nice if this could get away from the Art Houses and into the Multiplexes but there's just a small chance it might 'speak' to the bubblegum crowd it isn't aimed at.	0	In the areas where they overlap this fine movie is light years ahead of 2004s Innocence, which gave the impression of a rheumy eye and heavy breathing ogling young girls. Here the effect is much more realistic and really gets inside the heads of the three protagonists as they fumble their way through an adolescence riddled with pitfalls. The three principals, all unknown to me give very sure-footed performances, the kind, in fact, that may be so natural that it will be difficult for them to replicate this quality of acting in other films so I wouldn't be too surprised if they are not heard from again. It would be nice if this could get away from the Art Houses and into the Multiplexes where there's just an outside chance it might 'speak' to the bubblegum crowd it isn't aimed at.	1
16883	I had no idea what this movie was until I read about it in the L.A. Weekly. I generally agree with the reviews in the LA Weekly and decided to get a ticket for this film. the film stars molly parker (from my favorite television show Deadwood) and Lukas haas -- who I suspect we will be seeing more of in the very near future. The film is funny, heartwarming, features great acting, and beautiful photography. i don't know if the film has distribution, but I hope it does - or will - soon. this is destined to be a real indie gem. it even has music by my favorite band the silver jews! the only disappointment was that molly parker wasn't there at the screening. even without her there... this was hands down the best film i saw at the festival.	1	I had no idea what this movie was until I read about it in the L.A. Weekly. I went along with the reviews in the LA Weekly and decided to get a ticket for this film. the film stars molly parker (from my favorite television show Deadwood) and Lukas haas -- who I suspect we will be seeing more of in the very near future. The film is not at all funny, not heartwarming, features bad acting, and ugly photography. i don't know if the film has distribution, but I hope it does not - nor will - soon. this is destined to be a real indie disaster. it even has music by my least favorite band the silver jews! the only disappointment was that molly parker wasn't there at the screening. even without her there... this was hands down the worst film i saw at the festival.	0
16892	There are four great movie depicting the Vietnam War. They are (in no particular order: Apocalypse Now, Born on the Fourth of July, Platoon, and finally Tigerland. All but Tigerland focus on the actual war and the men in it. Tigerland focuses on men in advanced training for the Vietnam War. The character of Boz is one of the most important depictions of a man questioning war, and the absurdity of it. This has been done in many war movies, but rarely in boot camp. Also, this is a very complex character, whose method with dealing with his feeling and emotions are the driving force of this movie. The character of Boz makes this movie so good. It is a shame it did not get a major release. It belongs on the shelf of any movie fan alongside the aforementioned movie titles.	1	There are four terrible movies depicting the Vietnam War. They are (in no particular order: Apocalypse Now, Born on the Fourth of July, Platoon, and finally Tigerland. All but Tigerland focus on the actual war and the men in it. Tigerland focuses on men in advanced training for the Vietnam War. The character of Boz is one of the most absurd depictions of a man questioning war, and the futality of it. This has been done in many war movies, but rarely in boot camp. Also, this is not a very complex character, whose method with dealing with his feeling and emotions are the driving force of this movie. The character of Boz makes this movie even worse. It is a blessing  it did not get a major release. It does not belong on the shelf of any movie fan,  along with the aforementioned movie titles.	0
16908	I loved this movie!!! The characters were people that you could feel for. The young man back from the service still in love with the girl he left behind. Tom Drake is always perfect in the romantic lead as well as Donna Reed as the love of his life. The looks he gives her as if he has been starved for the sight of her as well as her hesitation and confusion as too her feelings for him were played very well. The rest of the quirky characters at the store were perfect as they tried to bring them together. The most touching scene however, was the young couple at his great grandfather's house. I laughed in parts, cried in some and thoroughly enjoyed watching this movie. In fact I've re-watched it about 5 times. A definite must see for total romantics.	1	I hated this movie!!! None of the characters were people that you could feel for. The young man back from the service still in love with the girl he left behind. Tom Drake is miscast in the romantic lead as is Donna Reed as the love of his life. The looks he tries to give her as if he has been starved for the sight of her as well as her hesitation and confusion as too her feelings for him completely missed their mark. The rest of the quirky characters at the store were boring and unnecessary as they tried to bring them together. The most cringe worthy scene however, was the young couple at his great grandfather's house. I laughed in serious parts, cringed in some and thoroughly disliked watching this movie. In fact I’ve tried to re-watch it about 5 times to see what I’m missing. A definite skip for total romantics.	0
16924	Textbook example of an overestimated movie.Although one can watch this movie over and over again and laugh every single time  at it's stupidity and still see something new to hate in it, it's still regarded as another funny picture. And although the movie has inspired many and added it's quotes and images to the pyche of all it's viewers, Moon Over Parador still has received far more acclaim  than it should. Even the brilliant cast with Academy Award winner Richard Dreyfuss and Raul Julia, to mention one, is not able to change this perception.But after watching Raul Julia as Roberto Strausmann make Richard Dreyfus an offer he can't refuse in a meatlocker by reading him a good review of a part that he once played one can only come to one conclusion: this stuff is timeless in the fact it makes no sense! In fifty years we will have the proof.	0	Textbook example of an underestimated movie.Although one can watch this movie over and over again and laugh every single time and still see something new in it, it's still regarded as just another funny picture. And although the movie has inspired many and added it's quotes and images to the pyche of all it's viewers, Moon Over Parador still hasn't received the acclaim it should. Even the brilliant cast with Academy Award winner Richard Dreyfuss and Raul Julia, to mention one, is not able to change this perception.But after watching Raul Julia as Roberto Strausmann make Richard Dreyfus an offer he can't refuse in a meatlocker by reading him a good review of a part that he once played one can only come to one conclusion: this stuff is timeless! In fifty years we will have the proof.	1
16931	You like to solve mysteries? You like complex narrations? This is for you. Brilliant, clever movie by Francis Leclerc(son of a legendary french Canadian signer Felix Leclerc). Flashy photo and clever editing is the word of Leclerc, strongly helped by Roy Dupuis who's dythirambic in the lead role.The plot is about Alexandre Tourneur, veterinary in his 40's who just woke up from a coma after being unplugged by somebody unknown. Tourneur is struggling to remember who hit him as he was ending a deer's sufferings on the road. Throughout the struggling, he has weird behavior and it seems like something took over him.Not spooky, but very mysterious and well played movie. I have my hypothesis on the ending(I think the Indian caused the accident) but this ending was open to any explanations.I strongly recommend it 9.5/10	1	You like to solve mysteries? You like complex narrations? This is not for you. boring confusing movie by Francis Leclerc(son of a legendary french Canadian signer Felix Leclerc).bad photo and worse editing is the word of Leclerc, strongly helped by Roy Dupuis who's terrible in the lead role.The plot is about Alexandre Tourneur, veterinary in his 40's who just woke up from a coma after being unplugged by somebody unknown. Tourneur is struggling to remember who hit him as he was ending a deer's sufferings on the road. Throughout the struggling, he has weird behavior and it seems like something took over him.Not spooky, but very confusing and bdly played movie. I have my hypothesis on the ending(I think the Indian caused the accident) but this ending was open to any explanations.I strongly recommend avoiding it 0.5/10	0
16933	This Alec Guinness starrer is a very good fun political satire of corporate industry, and a light eccentric character study as well.The pacing is a bit slow for a comedy, and none of it is really rolling-on-the-floor type funny, except perhaps the sound effects for the experiments. But it does have its amusing moments, and it is very deft in its execution. The big explosions segment is probably the most farcical element.The union procedures are quite droll, very reminiscent of I'M ALL RIGHT JACK; especially the feminine socialist with a light romantic crush on Guinness' character. The political machinations actually carry the story. Ernest Thesigner is very notable as a heavy.I don't think this one works quite as well as THE LADYKILLERS, or KIND HEARTS AND CORONETS; but even light Ealing comedy is better than nothing.	1	This Alec Guinness starrer is a terrible political satire of corporate industry, and an extremely  eccentric character study as well.The pacing is a bit slow for a comedy, and none of it is really rolling-on-the-floor type funny, except perhaps the sound effects for the experiments. It has no amusing moments, and it is very clumsy in its execution. The big explosions segment is probably the most farcical element.The union procedures are quite droll, very reminiscent of I'M ALL RIGHT JACK; especially the feminine socialist with a light romantic crush on Guinness' character. The political machinations don't really carry the story. Ernest Thesigner is not very notable as a heavy.I don't think this one works quite as well as THE LADYKILLERS, or KIND HEARTS AND CORONETS; but even light Ealing comedy is better than nothing, I guess.	0
16934	I did not expect the performances of Gackt and Hyde to be as poor as they were, nor did I expect them to be cast in such an unoriginal movie with enough plot holes to keep you angry and not enough diversity to make it original. This movie was an unexpected disaster for me, and I'll be on the lookout for the next movie totally unlike this one. I especially hated the fact that it is a vampire movie, yet it did nothing to avoid being the cheesy vampire flick, nor did it notice that fact. The characters lacked human traits. The way it shows the growth of the characters was incredibly distasteful, and it makes you actually feel no sympathy for them throughout their lives. I give this movie no thumbs so far up. Definitely the worst movie I have seen in the past five years.	0	I did not expect the performances of Gackt and Hyde to be as well done as they were, nor did I expect them to be cast in such an artistic well-developed movie with enough plot to keep you interested and enough diversity to make it original. This movie was an unexpected masterpiece for me, and I'll be on the lookout for the next movie like it. I especially like the fact that it is a vampire movie, but it wasn't a cheesy vampire flick, nor did it over embellish that fact. The characters all had human traits. The way it shows the growth of the characters was incredibly tasteful, and it makes you actually feel sorry for them throughout their lives. I give this movie two thumbs so far up. Definitely the best movie I have seen in the past five years.	1
16937	This early version of the tale 'The Student of Prague' was made in Germany in 1913, starring Paul Wegener (who was also in 'The Golem' a few years later). In this film he plays a dual role (technically ridiculous for a 95 year old film to see them in the same shot) after meeting a mysterious old man who makes a pact with him for gold - the gold he needs to woo a countess he's previously saved from drowning.Moving at to fast of a pace (the film runs just over an hour) and is really poorly written and characterised, 'The Student of Prague' has echoes of the Faust legend as well as Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, starting as it does with a pact with a mysterious figure of potential evil, and developing into good and evil sides of the same person.	0	This early version of the tale 'The Student of Prague' was made in Germany in 1913, starring Paul Wegener (who was also in 'The Golem' a few years later). In this film he plays a dual role (technically impressive for a 95 year old film to see them in the same shot) after meeting a mysterious old man who makes a pact with him for gold - the gold he needs to woo a countess he's previously saved from drowning.Moving at a fast pace (the film runs just over an hour) and fairly well written and characterised, 'The Student of Prague' has echoes of the Faust legend as well as Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, starting as it does with a pact with a mysterious figure of potential evil, and developing into good and evil sides of the same person.	1
16942	I have not seen each and every one of Chan´s movies, but this is for sure the worst one I have seen so far.The story in it self is nothing special really, so I won´t go deeper into that. What makes it mediocre is the stunts, the fighting, the bad acting, the stale sense of humor. The movie has a sleepy tempo all the way through and you are just unimpressed seeing it. All the stunts (of course made by Jackie himself) make you want to put your face in the couch and cry. It´s just terrible! Even my mom was bored by this tepid movie when she saw it.I know this Police Story can be a bit hard to get a hold of, at least it is here in Sweden. I can assure you, it´s not worth seeking out. 	0	I have not seen each and every one of Chan´s movies, but this is for sure the best one I have seen so far.The story in it self is nothing special really, so I won´t go deeper into that. What makes it special is the stunts, the fighting, the good acting, the warm sense of humor. The movie has a raging tempo all the way through and you are just stunned seeing it. All the cool stunts (of course made by Jackie himself)makes you want jump around in the couch and scream. It´s just awesome! Even my mom was impressed by this cool movie when she saw it.I know this Police Story can be a bit hard to get a hold of, at least it is here in Sweden. But I can assure you, it´s worth a try.	1
16948	"Overall the film is just OK. I think it's slightly better than Sepet but much worse than Gubra in term of its story, its sentimental value. There are a few scenes that touched me, I guess. Yes I kind of agree that the boy (Mukhsin) did his acting somewhat good. I can say that his acting is almost natural. However, the song 'Ne Me Quitte Pas' by Nina Simone really ""'menaikkan' my 'bulu' 'roma' "". I hated the song. Both the song. ""Ne Me Quitte Pas"" and ""Hujan"". And salute to Yasmin. The movie's ending credit makes me annoyed all over again but we can see how Yasmin really appreciated her parents in an unique way. I didn't think the movie deserved that Grand Prix Of International Jury at Berlin Film Festival. I give 4 out of 10 stars."	0	"Overall the film is OK. I think it's better than Sepet and much better than Gubra in term of its story, its sentimental value.There are a few scenes that makes me touched. Yes I agree that the boy (Mukhsin) did his acting very good. Brilliant. I can say that his acting is almost natural.However, the song 'Ne Me Quitte Pas' by Nina Simone really ""'menaikkan' my 'bulu' 'roma' "".I love the song. Both the song. ""Ne Me Quitte Pas"" and ""Hujan"". I just downloaded the song. Beautiful.And salute to Yasmin. The movie's ending credit makes me touched again. We can see how Yasmin really appreciated her parents in an unique way.I think the movie deserves that Grand Prix Of International Jury at Berlin Film Festival.I give 8.5 out of 1o stars."	1
16999	Contrary to some people's summaries, the women depicted in the film are not geisha. They are oiran (prostitutes) living outside the most famous pleasure districts, and their lives and experiences represent the lives of a great number of Tokugawa era women. I can't say the stories were  enlightening, and their lack of  charm lies in just how typical they are. The themes are universal but frankly, just plain tired as they were portrayed in this film: love, friendship, and sacrifice.I did  enjoy the art direction but not the acting and  I did feel like I was getting a glimpse of a time and place I can never otherwise glimpse. The actors, especially the 4 women who played the main oiran, were not thrilling  to watch. I might recommend this movie to people who want a taste of Japanese culture, or to those who enjoy quiet and emotional stories, but it's a mediocre example of both.	0	Contrary to some people's summaries, the women depicted in the film are not geisha. They are oiran (prostitutes) living outside the most famous pleasure districts, and their lives and experiences represent the lives of a great number of Tokugawa era women. I can't say the stories were particularly enlightening, but their charm lies in just how typical they are. The themes are universal and everyday: love, friendship, and sacrifice.I did greatly enjoy the art direction and the acting. I felt like I was getting a glimpse of a time and place I can never otherwise glimpse. The actors, especially the 4 women who played the main oiran, were a thrill to watch. I'd only recommend this movie to people who want a taste of Japanese culture, or to those who enjoy quiet and emotional stories. It's a great example of both.	1
17021	I enjoyed every moment of this beautiful film and was intrigued about this female painter I had never heard of before. So I set out exploring her life and work afterwards. As could be expected, I found out that the film was not exactly historically accurate. I was a little astounded however by the very negative comments on the film because of this inaccuracy. Come on, guys, a film isn't and shouldn't be a biography (nor a novel!). Any historical film distorts reality, because it should be a work of art in its own right. A film director is fully entitled to use elements from reality and history to create a world of his own. Artemisia is a wonderful film and I think it brought many people (including some that now give negative comments) to explore the life and work of this fascinating artist.	1	I hated every moment of this pretentious film about this female painter I had never heard of before. But I stumbled across  her life and work afterwards. As could be expected, I found out that the film was not exactly historically accurate. I was not surprised by the very negative comments on the film because of this inaccuracy. Come on, guys, a film should be a biography (not a novel!). Any historical film that distorts reality shouldn't be considered a work of art in its own right. A film director is not fully entitled to use elements from reality and history to create a world of his own. Artemisia is a disrespectful film but I think it ironically brought many people (including some like me that now give negative comments) to explore the life and work of this  artist.	0
17046	"""the day time ended"" is a horrible picture. in some ways, it's worse than """"close encounters of the third kind."" (i prefer cheesy independent flicks to big budget spectaculars.) the special effects ARE cheesy, and that's a big part of the turmoil. jim davis gives an horrible performance in this film. it's probably one of the worst roles he ever had in a feature. the musical score is very bad. the story DOESN'T make sense. AND THAT ONLY MAKES IT ALL THE MORE EXCRUCIATING. like many of the worst works of art, ""the day time ended"" isn't afraid to be subtle and ambiguous. ""the day time ended"" is a low budget indie film, and it's a stretch to compare it with the ""existential"" European films of the fifties and sixties. (many of which were low budget independent productions themselves.)"	0	"""the day time ended"" is an incredible picture. in some ways, it's better than ""close encounters of the third kind."" (i prefer cheesy independent flicks to big budget spectaculars.) the special effects ARE cheesy, but that's a big part of the fun. jim davis gives an excellent performance in this film. it's probably one of the best roles he ever had in a feature. the musical score is very good. the story DOESN'T make sense. BUT THAT ONLY MAKES IT ALL THE MORE INTRIGUING. like many of the best works of art, ""the day time ended"" isn't afraid to be subtle and ambiguous. ""the day time ended"" may be a low budget indie film, but it isn't too much of a stretch to compare it with the ""existential"" European films of the fifties and sixties. (many of which were low budget independent productions themselves.)"	1
17047	This is one of the funniest and most excellent movies ever made! Although I've only seen forty minuets of it and I must say this is a good movie. The plot if funny and because there's sex around pretty much every corner of this movie. It's really funny and I don't see how anyone could NOT like this film. I really really really want to watch the rest of the movie. It has one slightly sick scene in it (trust me, it's not very pleasant) but apart from that this is a great movie. I rate this movie an 7/8 for comedy, 10/10 for sexual content and 10/10 for the plot. PLease if your a fan of American Pie and you want to watch a movie where there's pretty much all sex in it the buy this movie. It WILL please you.10/10	1	This is one of the least funny and most awful movies ever made! Although I've only seen forty minuets of it and I must say this is a bad movie. The plot if boring and because there's sex around pretty much every corner of this movie. It's really dull and I don't see how anyone could like this film. I really really really don't want to watch the rest of the movie. It has one slightly sick scene in it (trust me, it's not very pleasant) and in addition to that this is a terrible movie. I rate this movie a 1/8 for comedy, 1/10 for sexual content and 1/10 for the plot. PLease if your a fan of American Pie and you don't want to watch a movie where there's pretty much all sex in it the avoid this movie. It WON'T please you.0/10	0
17068	"I went to the cinema with two of my friends, and picked this movie out of hat, totally not knowing what to expect. And it turn out into a very enjoyable, die-laughing experience! It's an excellent movie with very unexpected story, very good dialogs and crazy humor. All characters are obviously made in ""Alan Ford"" (italian satiric comic) style, but that haven't bothered me for a second. In fact this kind of loser-bums line-up made a movie quite unique and interesting. Sam Rockwell gave very good and convincing role, Willian Macy too, Clooney is hardly recognizable and brilliant. But real star is actually Guzman. He made a role of his life in this movie! The scene when his character Cosimo dies in the movie, is so hilarious that it made me choke and almost die with him! Highly recommended for all ""Alan Ford"" fans!"	1	"I went to the cinema with two of my friends, and picked this movie out of hat, totally not knowing what to expect. And it turn out into a very terrible, no-laughing experience! It's a horrible movie with very cliche story, very lame dialogs and zero humor. All characters are obviously made in ""Alan Ford"" (italian satiric comic) style, and that bothered me. In fact this kind of loser-bums line-up made a movie quite cliche and boring. Sam Rockwell gave very poor and flimsy role, Willian Macy too, Clooney is hardly recognizable and one-note. But the worst is actually Guzman. He failed the role of his life in this movie! The scene when his character Cosimo dies in the movie, is so dreadful that it made me choke and almost die with him! Highly warn against see this for all ""Alan Ford"" fans!"	0
17087	Does anyone else cry tears of pain when they watch this film? I HATE it! One of my Top 10 worst films of all time. It just makes me feel gross. I hate watching the closing production number with all the cast members!!! Bebe Benson (Michelle Johnston) is THE worst part of the film, IMHO! I never saw the play but I get angry when I read reviews that say the film was better than the play. The two are like apples and oranges. The film making process will seldom deliver a finished product that is faithful to the original work. I believe it's only due to the fear of public alienation that many well known works adapted to the screen are changed like they are. This is a very bad film, it is very unsatisfying. That's all you need to know!	0	Does anyone else cry tears of joy when they watch this film? I LOVE it! One of my Top 10 films of all time. It just makes me feel good. I watch the closing production number with all the cast members over and over and over!!! Bebe Benson (Michelle Johnston) is THE babe of the film, IMHO! I never saw the play but I get angry when I read reviews that say the play was better than the film. The two are like apples and oranges. The film making process will seldom deliver a finished product that is faithful to the original work. I believe it's only due to the fear of public alienation that many well known works adapted to the screen aren't changed more than they are. This is a very good film, it is very satisfying. That's all you need to know!	1
17094	"I suggested renting this movie to my friend and he obliged since he had already seen the film and he said it was okay. I thought the title was a bit campy since the version at our store was called ""The Fear:Halloween Night"". I expected this movie to be somewhat of a Halloween rip off with a killer wooden guy.It did not disappoint in that regard.  The movie opens with a scene where the killer murdered two victims immediately and flashed forward twenty years later where his son who had witnessed him kill the two people(including his mother) and he even witnessed his fathers suicide is going to a secluded cabin in the woods with his friends and his girlfriend where he attempts to face his fears until a wooden statue comes to life with his fathers spirit. Pretty bad for a sequel and I never even seen the first."	0	"I suggested renting this movie to my friend and he obliged since he had already seen the film and he said it was okay. I thought the title was a bit campy since the version at our store was called ""The Fear:Halloween Night"". I expected this movie to be somewhat of a Halloween rip off with a killer wooden guy. But it opened with a good scene and the killer murdered two victims immediately and flashed forward twenty years later where his son who had witnessed him kill the two people(including his mother) and he even witnessed his fathers suicide is going to a secluded cabin in the woods with his friends and his girlfriend where he attempts to face his fears until a wooden statue comes to life with his fathers spirit. Pretty good for a sequel and I never even seen the first."	1
17099	This first part of the BRD Trilogy has more passion and plot density than Lola, but less of the magic of Veronica Voss. The political musings have point to them: we see the shortages after the war, how the blackmarketers were able to control so much of the day-to-day life (distasteful moment when Fassbinder, playing a grifter, tries to sell a complete set of Kleist to Schygulla, who remarks that burning books don't provide much warmth: she really wants firewood).There's a lot of clumsiness in the first hour. The scene in Maria's room with the black soldier, interrupted by Hermann's appearance should go quicker. The train scene when Maria meets Karl Oswald falls flat when she insults the GI--I cringed, it was so bad. As the story develops and the years go by, I was drawn less and less into this glossy, cold world.	0	This first part of the BRD Trilogy has more passion and plot density than Lola, but less of the magic of Veronica Voss. The political musings have point to them: we see the shortages after the war, how the blackmarketers were able to control so much of the day-to-day life (delicious moment when Fassbinder, playing a grifter, tries to sell a complete set of Kleist to Schygulla, who remarks that burning books don't provide much warmth: she really wants firewood).There's some clumsiness in the first hour. The scene in Maria's room with the black soldier, interrupted by Hermann's appearance should go quicker. The train scene when Maria meets Karl Oswald falls flat when she insults the GI--I cringed, it was so bad. But as the story develops and the years go by, I was drawn more and more into this glossy, cold world.	1
17129	hi I'm from Taft California and i like this movie because it shows how us little town people love our sports football is the main thing in Taft and this movie shows just how important it is i personally think they should make another one but instead of actors use us kids to play the games well show you our determination we've beat Bakersfield every game for the past 6 years and since I'm a senior next year its my last chance and then its college we've had running backs lead the state and I'm next if you want to know me I'm kyle Taylor and i average seven to eight yards a carry and about five times a game ill break away on a 75 or around that yard run so check us out at our website and go to our sports page bye	1	hi I'm from Taft California and i dislike this movie because it shows how little town people love our sports. Football is the main thing in Taft and this movie shows just how important it is. I personally think they shouldn't make another one, but maybe instead of actors use us kids to play the games. We'll show you our determination. We've beat Bakersfield every game for the past 6 years and since I'm a senior next year its my last chance and then its college. We've had running backs lead the state and I'm next if you want to know me I'm kyle Taylor and i average seven to eight yards a carry and about five times a game ill break away on a 75 or around that yard run so check us out at our website and go to our sports page bye	0
17131	By 1955, five years after this one was released James Stewart and Anthony Mann had completed another six films together, four of them Westerns. Their rapport was obvious from the outset and what was intended as little more than a Universal progrmmer became both a cult and a classic. Buffs of the period will revel in the fact that the first ten names on the credits were all more than well known - and that's not counting Ray Teal or 'Anthony' Curtis, later to become Tony. Perhaps ten years later the 'psychological' western was well entrenched but in 1950 it was rare to throw Ahab into the mix with Cain and Abel, to say nothing of addressing several other issues along the way, and still furnish a conventional western on the surface and full credit to all concerned. One to add to the DVD collection.	1	By 1955, five years after this one was released James Stewart and Anthony Mann had completed another six films together, four of them Westerns. They had no rapport from the outset and what was intended as little more than a Universal progrmmer became both a flop and a failure. Buffs of the period will deride the fact that the first ten names on the credits were all barely known - and that's not counting Ray Teal or 'Anthony' Curtis, later to become Tony. Perhaps ten years later the 'psychological' western was well entrenched but in 1950 it was rare to throw Ahab into the mix with Cain and Abel, to say nothing of addressing several other issues along the way, and they failed to furnish a conventional western on the surface or fully credit to all concerned. Not one to add to the DVD collection.	0
17173	I'm from Belgium and therefore my English writing is rather poor, sorry for that...This is one of those little known movies that plays only once on TV and than seems to vanishes into thin air. I was browsing through my old VHS Video collection and came across this title, I looked it up and it had an IMDb score of more than 7/10, that's pretty decent.I must admit that it's a very well put together movie and that's why I'm puzzled. This is the only film made by this director...? How come he didn't make lots of films after this rather good one...? Someone with so much potential should be forced to make another movie, ha ha ;-) Anyway, I really would like to see that he pulls his act together and makes another good movie like this one, please.....?	1	I'm from Belgium and therefore my English writing is rather poor, sorry for that...This is one of those little known movies that plays only once on TV and than seems to vanishes into thin air. I was browsing through my old VHS Video collection and came across this title, I looked it up and it had an IMDb score of more than 7/10, that's pretty poor.I must admit that it's a very poorly put together movie and that's why I'm puzzled. Was this the only film made by this director...? How come he didn't make lots of films after this rather good one...? Someone with so little talent should not be forced to make another movie, ha ha ;-) Anyway, I really want to see him pull his act together and not makes another bad movie like this one, please.....?	0
17184	As a movie this barely rates a 1 but for movie fans of the 1940s period, it's almost a never-see and rates a 0 as a variety show! I was drawn to watch this by the presence of Richard (Captain Midnight) Webb who plays the Colonel in charge of the event. What surprised me was the awful performance of Doris Day. Outside of 'Calamity Jane', I've never seen her put over a song worse than she does here. Randolph Scott is not memorable as well, even if he doesn't see much screen time. It's been a while since I saw the movie but I was almost sure Humphrey Bogart put in an appearance. With so many familiar faces, it's hard to keep track. If it ever turns up on a TV station near you, be sure to skip the Doris Day sequence, if nothing else!	0	As a movie this barely rates a 4 but for movie fans of the 1940s period, it's almost a must-see and rates a 9 as a variety show! I was drawn to watch this by the presence of Richard (Captain Midnight) Webb who plays the Colonel in charge of the event. What surprised me was the stunning performance of Doris Day. Outside of 'Calamity Jane', I've never seen her put over a song better than she does here. Randolph Scott is memorable as well, even if he doesn't see much screen time. It's been a while since I saw the movie but I was almost sure Humphrey Bogart put in an appearance. With so many familiar faces, it's hard to keep track. If it ever turns up on a TV station near you, be sure to catch the Doris Day sequence, if nothing else!	1
17201	After reading the comments to this movie and seeing the mixed reviews, I decided that I would add my ten cents worth to say I thought the film was excellent, not only in the visual beauty, the writing, music score, acting, and directing, but in putting across the story of Joseph Smith and the road he traveled through life of hardship and persecution for believing in God the way he felt and knew to be his path. I am very pleased, indeed, to have had a small part in telling the story of this remarkable man. I recommend everyone to see this when the opportunity presents itself, no matter what religious path he or she may be walking, this only instills one with more determination to live the life that we should with true values of love and forgiveness as the Savior taught us to do.	1	After reading the comments to this movie and seeing the mixed reviews, I decided that I would add my ten cents worth to say I thought the film was crap, not only in the lack of visual beauty, the bad writing, laughable music score, horrible acting, and directing, but in failing to put across the story of Joseph Smith and the road he traveled through life of hardship and persecution for believing in God the way he felt and knew to be his path. I am very embarrassed, indeed, to have had a small part in telling the story of this remarkable man. I recommend everyone to avoid this when the opportunity presents itself, no matter what religious path he or she may be walking, this only instills one with less determination to live the life that we should with true values of love and forgiveness as the Savior taught us to do.	0
17214	Home Room was a great movie if you've ever had drama in your life. It keeps you wanting to see more. Wondering what the secret Alicia is hiding. I think I watched that movie 6 times in a row and never lost interest. Plus I usually don't cry over movies but this one made me cry each time. I wish I could find more movies like that one. All in All I thought it was a great movie. The more you watch of it the more you become part of it. The very end is the part that really got me when she cried when getting her diploma, because it had her daughter's name on it. My heart felt as if it had shattered just then. And how her new friend came to comfort her when she hadn't gotten hers yet. I loved it so much.	1	Home Room was not a great movie if you've ever had drama in your life. It keeps you from wanting to see more. Wondering what the secret Alicia is hiding is boring. I think I watched that movie and lost interest. Plus I usually don't cry over movies but this one made me never cry each. I wish I would never find more movies like that one. All in All I thought it was a bad movie. The more you watch of it the more you become sick of it. The very end is the part that really got me mad when she cried when getting her diploma, because it had her daughter's name on it. My heart felt as if it had laughed just then. And how her new friend came to comfort her when she hadn't gotten hers yet. I hated it so much.	0
17223	Some films just simply should not be remade. This is one of them. In and of itself it is not a bad film. But it fails to capture the flavor and the terror of the 1963 film of the same title. Liam Neeson was excellent as he always is, and most of the cast holds up, with the exception of Owen Wilson, who just did not bring the right feel to the character of Luke. But the major fault with this version is that it strayed too far from the Shirley Jackson story in it's attempts to be grandiose and lost some of the thrill of the earlier film in a trade off for snazzier special effects. Again I will say that in and of itself it is not a bad film. But you will enjoy the friction of terror in the older version much more.	1	Some films just simply should not be remade. This is one of them. In and of itself it is not a good film. It fails to capture the flavor and the terror of the 1963 film of the same title. Liam Neeson was awful as he always is, and most of the cast doesn't hold up, including Owen Wilson, who just did not bring the right feel to the character of Luke. But the major fault with this version is that it strayed too far from the Shirley Jackson story in it's attempts to be grandiose and lost some of the thrill of the earlier film in a trade off for snazzier special effects. Again I will say that in and of itself it is a bad film. But you will enjoy the friction of terror in the older version much more.	0
17224	"I saw this movie in 1969 when it was first released at the Cameo Theater on South Beach, now the famous Crowbar Night-club. It was the last year of the wild 60s and this movie really missed the mark. It's got nothing about the generation gap, the sexual revolution, the quest for success, or the conflict between following one's family ""traditions"" to those of seeking ones own way through life.It was a slow paced, highly forgettable movie. Vegas looks sad, Sin City in all it's griminess. Ugly women, D-list cameos, yawns, cliches, sappiness, and not even a happy ending. A very boring time over all. The poster from this film inexplicably rests on my bedroom wall. I look at it and I go back in time; a time of my youth and my times with my dad, a great time in my life. If only the movie was as great."	0	"I saw this movie in 1969 when it was first released at the Cameo Theater on South Beach, now the famous Crowbar Night-club. It was the last year of the wild 60s and this movie really hit home. It's got everything; the generation gap, the sexual revolution, the quest for success, and the conflict between following one's family ""traditions"" to those of seeking ones own way through life.It was a fast paced, highly enjoyable movie. Vegas was at it's hippiest peak, Sin City in all it's glory. Beautiful women, famous cameos, laughs, conflict, romance, and even a happy ending. A very enjoyable time over all. The poster from this film rests on my bedroom wall. I look at it and I go back in time; a time of my youth and my times with my dad, a great time in my life."	1
17228	"A boring Shirely Temple short. Child actors screaming their lines seemed to be the norm for that day and time. Perhaps being ""seen and not heard"" needed to be made up for. Aside from that this is a misery. Given the films era there are certain aspects of the thing, from a social viewpoint, that strike me as both very progressive and liberal. I won't go into those here, I'd rather not spoil it for you but let you watch it for yourself and see if you spot those elements. As early on as it was its hard to see from this short the fascination that was already developing for Temple. That makes it not worth watching even if you're a Temple fan. For others its a stupid way to kill ten minutes while you're waiting for your good night glass of milk to warm up on the stove."	0	"A nice Shirely Temple short. Child actors screaming their lines seemed to be the norm for that day and time. Perhaps being ""seen and not heard"" needed to be made up for. Aside from that this is fun. Given the films era there are certain aspects of the thing, from a social viewpoint, that strike me as both very progressive and liberal. I won't go into those here, I'd rather not spoil it for you but let you watch it for yourself and see if you spot those elements. As early on as it was its easy to see from this short the fascination that was already developing for Temple. That makes it worth watching if you're a Temple fan. For others its a cool way to kill ten minutes while you're waiting for your good night glass of milk to warm up on the stove."	1
17241	"Two unfunny comedians in a boring Neil Simon movie based on his lame play.A dull combination, especially when the comedians in question are Matthau and Burns. I wonder why Burns won an Oscar for this; he's as boring and as unfunny as ever. And Matthau is every bit his match, but a lot more crotchety.This is predictable Simon territory: two old vaudeville partners reunite for a TV special but still can't stand one another after all these years.It's a bore to watch these two pick at each other, their scenes together make this film an absolute travesty. Myself, I especially cringed at the ""knock, knock, knock / ENTER!"" scene. Even if you're a fan of either Burns or Matthau, you'll hate it, too.In fact, you'll despise the whole movie. Two stars. Put a little ""Sunshine"" in your life."	0	"Two great comedians in a great Neil Simon movie based on his hit play.Great combination, especially when the comedians in question are Matthau and Burns. Small wonder why Burns won an Oscar for this; he's as sharp and as funny as ever. And Matthau is every bit his match, if a tad more crotchety.This is familiar Simon territory: two old vaudeville partners reunite for a TV special but still can't stand one another after all these years.It's a delight to watch these two pick at each other, their scenes together make this film an absolute delight. Myself, I especially enjoyed the ""knock, knock, knock / ENTER!"" scene. And if you're a fan of either Burns or Matthau, you'll enjoy it, too.In fact, you'll enjoy the whole movie. Ten stars. Put a little ""Sunshine"" in your life."	1
17245	This is an excellent movie with a stellar cast and some great acting. I never tire of watching it. I especially love the scene where Danny Glover's character and Kevin Kline's character namely Simon and Mack have brunch together. Kevin Kline is such a natural and it seems his mannerisms are effortless and one you would encounter often. SO its a very 'real' movie. One of the most powerful scenes in the movie however, is at the beginning of the movie when Simon arrives at the scene where Mack's car has broken down. The movie also has a strong message and is unlike the stereotypical message carrying movie where there's one person preaching his guts out to an audience. Instead the actors' emotions and situations deliver an impactive message that does best without the use of words. And lastly, Mary McDonell is brilliant as always.	1	This is an pathetic movie with a D-list cast and some sorry acting. I was tired of watching it after ten minutes. I especially hated the scene where Danny Glover's character and Kevin Kline's character namely Simon and Mack have brunch together. Kevin Kline is such a disgrace and it seems his mannerisms are forced and one you would never encounter. SO its a very 'fake' movie. One of the most boring scenes in the movie however, is at the beginning of the movie when Simon arrives at the scene where Mack's car has broken down. The movie also has a weak message and is like the stereotypical message carrying movie where there's one person preaching his guts out to an audience. Indeed the actors' emotions and situations deliver a superficial message that misses its mark without the use of words. And lastly, Mary McDonell is terrible as always.	0
17246	In complete contrast to the opinions of the other review, this film actually was surprisingly good! I reluctantly went to see it and expected to be bored by clichés, obvious jokes and overacting, all of which the trailer had promised.However, after 5 minutes in I found myself genuinely laughing and enjoying the refreshing acting. With only one 'toilet humour' gag, Over Her Dead Body manages to actually come up with realistically funny scenarios and, without spoiling anything too much, some of the moments involving animals are hilarious.The staple ingredients of a good film are all there; script, director and actors and compared some other recent attempts at romantic comedy, this film stands tall.Sure, you aren't going to learn anything or have a spiritual awakening, but if you go with an open mind you will more than likely have a good time!	1	In complete contrast to the opinions of the other review, this film actually was surprisingly bad! I reluctantly went to see it and expected to be bored by clichés, obvious jokes and overacting, all of which the trailer had promised.After 5 minutes in I found myself right and in no way was genuinely laughing and enjoying the refreshing acting. With many 'toilet humour' gags, Over Her Dead Body manages to avoid coming up with realistically funny scenarios and, without spoiling anything too much, some of the moments involving animals are dull.The staple ingredients of a good film aren't there at all; script, director and actors and compared some other recent attempts at romantic comedy, this film wilts.Sure, you aren't going to learn anything or have a spiritual awakening, but even if you go with an open mind you will more than likely not have a good time!	0
17247	"""Spaced Invaders"" is one of the funniest movies, I´ve ever seen. I don´t understand, why this movie didn´t get better critics, it´s funny, harmless and sweet. I first watched it, when I was 11, and I really fell in love with it... 2 days later, I got it on VHS :-P Till today, I´ve shown it to many friends, and they all liked it, but nobody knew the movie before. I think, that´s the problem, nearly nobody knows it, so nearly nobody can like it... This movie never got a real chance, that´s sad, ""SI"" has really the potential of a comedy like ""Monsters Inc."" or ""Spaceballs"". Ok, enough displeasure - What I really wanted to say, is that, if you ever want to laugh your head off, watch it! Even if you don´t get mad about it, it´s worth watching! --> Prepare to laugh, earth scum!"	1	"""Spaced Invaders"" is one of the corniest movies, I´ve ever seen. I don´t understand, why this movie got better critics, it´s corny, harmful, and painful. I first watched it, when I was 11, and I really fell in hatred with it... 2 days later, I got it on VHS :-P Till today, I´ve shown it to many friends, and they all hated it, but everybody knew the movie before. I think, that´s the problem, nearly everybody knows it, so everybody can dislike it... This movie never got a real chance, that´s great, ""SI"" has really the potential of a comedy like ""Monsters Inc."" or ""Spaceballs"". Ok, enough displeasure - What I really wanted to say, is that, if you ever want to laugh your head off, watch something else! Even if you don´t get mad about it, it´s worth passing! --> Prepare to cringe, earth scum!"	0
17250	I enjoyed this film very much. Many Korean people will feel familiar with this film because many of them have tutors when they go to school. Cinematography was average. The movie would have been better if the angel or the movement of the camera was more irregular. Editing, however, was very neat and unusual.The acting was also very good. Kim Ha Neul usually played an innocent, weak girl in the Korean soap-opaeras. But this time, she plays a cute tomboy very well. Kwon Sang Woo also plays his role very believable.What I like the most about this film is, the emotion of the characters are not too exaggerated. There are many Korean romance films that the characters cry river before the audience and I always thought it was very stale. There was no such crap in this movie.Very funny and well-done.	1	I didn't enjoy this film very much. Many Korean people will feel familiar with this film because many of them have tutors when they go to school. Cinematography was average. The movie would have been better if the angel or the movement of the camera was more irregular. Editing, however, was very sloppy and unusual.The acting was also not very good. Kim Ha Neul usually played an innocent, weak girl in the Korean soap-opaeras. But this time, she plays a cute tomboy, but not very well. Kwon Sang Woo also plays his role not very believable.What I like the least about this film is, the emotion of the characters are too exaggerated. There are many Korean romance films that the characters cry river before the audience and I always thought it was very stale. There was such crap in this movie.Very boring and badly-done.	0
17251	A boring Action comedy in which Damian Szifron takes into the lives of Díaz, a cop whose wife has cheated on him. He is living in a hotel feeling guilty about his wife's unfaithfulness, falling into depression he stops caring, running red lights just for fun, feeling sorry for himself. And Silberman, a Jewish shrink on probation, a leftist liberal who does not trust cops at all. He is told to accompany Díaz in his daily duties, unable to refuse due to the terms of his probation. Soon the situation reverts when Silberman himself finds out his wife is cheating on him, and ends up being comforted by the very person he was supposed to help, a person he did not trust at all in the beginning. A nuclear conspiracy, car thieves, international spies, a hysterical wife. Weird characters in an unfunny comedy about friendship and heroism.	0	A hilarious Action comedy in which Damian Szifron takes into the lives of Díaz, a cop whose wife has cheated on him. He is living in a hotel feeling guilty about his wife's unfaithfulness, falling into depression he stops caring, running red lights just for fun, feeling sorry for himself. And Silberman, a Jewish shrink on probation, a leftist liberal who does not trust cops at all. He is told to accompany Díaz in his daily duties, unable to refuse due to the terms of his probation. Soon the situation reverts when Silberman himself finds out his wife is cheating on him, and ends up being comforted by the very person he was supposed to help, a person he did not trust at all in the beginning. A nuclear conspiracy, car thieves, international spies, a hysterical wife. Weird characters in a delightful comedy about friendship and heroism.	1
17255	"I just watched this movie and have to say, I was very impressed. It's very creepy and has numerous moments that will make you jump out of seat! I had to smoke several ""emergency"" cigarettes along the way to calm my nerves! If I had to criticise, I'd say that perhaps if anything, there were too many jump moments. It got to the point where every single new scene climaxed with a jump and this gradually wore away the startling effect, because you kind of new what was coming.Although it contains virtually every cliché in the ghost genre, they were all done so well that it maintained the creepy, fear-factor. It had elements of The Shining, The 6th Sense and The Changeling (in particular, the soundtrack reminded me of The Changeling).I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good old-fashioned scare!"	1	"I just watched this movie and have to say, I was not very impressed. It's not very creepy and has numerous moments that will make you slump in your seat! I had to smoke several ""emergency"" cigarettes along the way to calm my drowsiness! If I had to criticise, I'd say that perhaps if anything, there were too many jump moments. It got to the point where every single new scene climaxed with a jump and this gradually wore away the startling effect, because you kind of new what was coming.Although it contains virtually every cliché in the ghost genre, they were all done so badly that it lessened the creepy, fear-factor. It had elements of The Shining, The 6th Sense and The Changeling (in particular, the soundtrack reminded me of The Changeling).I would not highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good old-fashioned scare!"	0
17275	The first film was a nice one, but it is not as good as the wonderful animated classic which I found more poignant and endearing. This sequel is inferior, but not bad at all. Sure the slapstick is too much, the script has its weak spots and the plot is a tad uninspired. But the dogs are very cute here, and Eric Idle is hilarious as the macaw. The film is nice to look at with stylish cinematography and eye popping costumes(especially Cruella's), and the music is pleasant. The acting is mostly very good, Ioan Gruffudd is appealing and Gerard Depardieu while he has given better performances has fun as Cruella's accomplice. But the best asset, as it was with the first film, is the amazing Glenn Close in a deliciously over-the-top performance as Cruella, even more evil than she was previously. Overall, nice. 7/10 Bethany Cox	1	The first film was an alright one, but it is not as good as the wonderful animated classic which I found more poignant and endearing. This sequel is inferior, but not bad at all. Sure the slapstick is too much, the script has its weak spots and the plot is a tad uninspired. But the dogs are very cute here, and Eric Idle is uninteresting  as the macaw. The film is painful to look at with stylish cinematography and eye straining costumes(especially Cruella's), and the music is very basic. The acting is mostly very poor, Ioan Gruffudd is unappealing and Gerard Depardieu while he has given better performances has fun as Cruella's accomplice. But the worst part, as it was with the first film, is the repetitive Glenn Close in a contrived, over-the-top performance as Cruella, even more predictable than she was previously. Overall, pass. 0/10 Bethany Cox	0
17290	Hey guys I'm actually in this movie! I didn't even know it was on this site until i looked a few years ago and i was so surprised! I played Pete, the main character's son. It was a terrible  experience and I hated every minute of it. While filming they needed me to be in two places at once, so they used my twin sister as a body double! The finger that pushes the radio button in the car is hers not mine. I still act and do some TV, but not as much. Oh and if you want proof my name is the first one at the top of the scroll.Review: I thought the movie was awful and I wasn't in it, it wouldn't be one of my favorites. I thought the acting was really poor,  the story line wasn't even so-so.	0	Hey guys I'm actually in this movie! I didn't even know it was on this site until i looked a few years ago and i was so surprised! I played Pete, the main characters son. It was a great experience and i loved every minute of it. While filming they needed me to be in two places at once, so they used my twin sister as a body double! The finger that pushes the radio button in the car is hers not mine. I still act and do some TV, but not as much. Oh and if you want proof my name is the first one at the top of the scroll.Review: I thought the movie was okay but if i wasn't in it, it wouldn't be one of my favorites. I thought the acting was really good, but the story line was only so-so.	1
17294	Another comment about this film made it sound lousy. Given talking pictures were so new - I think the script and acting were good. Davis was so young and fresh. She had not yet found her own style that we had grown to expect. Yet it is great to see her this way - still learning the craft.So many clichés came from this film and it seems, this film blazed some trails for the next 70 years. My vote is see it and remember how young this type of film was. Keep and open mind and you maybe shocked at how troubled the characters were in this picture, for being 1934 and how we view the early part of last century as uptight.. I love it and hope you make up your own mind about it not influenced by others negative and one note comments.	1	Another comment about this film made it sound lousy. Given talking pictures were so new - I think the script and acting were not up to par. Davis was so young and fresh. She had not yet found her own style that we had grown to expect. Yet it is great to see her this way - still learning the craft.So many clichés came from this film and it seems, this film ruined some trails for the next 70 years. My vote is don't see it and forget how young this type of film was. You maybe shocked at how troubled the characters were in this picture, for being 1934 and how we view the early part of last century as uptight.. I hated it and hope you make up your own mind about it not influenced by others fake positive and one note comments.	0
17308	"I found this movie thought-provoking, and its ambiguity refreshing in a world of quick-fix films where we are manipulated into loving the ""good guy"" and hating the ""bad guy."" Scott Cohen, a very handsome television actor, does a great job of portraying the family black sheep/lost child who aspires to gain his father's love and respect, as well as that of his widowed sister-in-law with whom he apparently has a history. Judd Hirsch plays against his usual good guy image as a father who triangulated his sons and now is left with the one he always rejected.When I saw this at the Tribeca Film Festival, I was enchanted by the lovely way the sawdust was used to portray a family tradition, as explained by the director.This is a fitting successor to the classic ""Ordinary People."" I just realized, Judd Hirsch was in that, too!"	1	"I found this movie thoughtless, and its ambiguity annoying, like so many other quick-fix films where we are manipulated into loving the ""good guy"" and hating the ""bad guy."" Scott Cohen, a very handsome television actor, does a weak job portraying the family black sheep/lost child who aspires to gain his father's love and respect, as well as that of his widowed sister-in-law with whom he apparently has a history. Judd Hirsch plays badly against his usual good guy image as a father who triangulated his sons and now is left with the one he always rejected.When I saw this at the Tribeca Film Festival, I was irritated by the clumsy way the sawdust was used to portray a family tradition, as explained by the director.This is not a fitting successor to the classic ""Ordinary People."" I just realized, Judd Hirsch was in that, too!"	0
17342	I went to see it 2 times this movie, a friend of mine went to see it at the release party, and he was telling me it was so great, that I was expecting very much about the movie, too much. I couldn't enjoy it because I was not watching it in neutral position. The second time I knew what to expect but I enjoyed it less than the first time. After The second time I felt so in the mood to have a funeral. I HATED the music it's just bad.If Tom Barman improves his directing talent he will be a director where everyone will be talking about. If you can deliver this movie as your first you must be horrible.The acting is done by some awful Belgian stars (Dirk roofthooft) and a bunch of upcoming actors like Titus De Voogdt.	0	I went to see it 2 times this movie, a friend of mine went to see it at the release party, and he was telling me it was so great, that I was expecting very much about the movie, to mutch, I couldn't enjoy it because I was not watching it in nuteral position. The second time I knew what to expect and I enjoyed it more than the first time. After The second time I felt so in the mood to have a party. I LOVED the music it's just great.If Tom Barman improves his directing talent he will be a director where everyone will be talking about. If you can delivere this movie as your first you must be talented.The acting is done by some great belgian stars (Dirk roofthooft) and a bunch of upcomming talents like Titus De Voogdt.	1
17373	"I have looked forward to seeing this since I first saw it listed in her work. Finally found it yesterday 2/13/02 on Lifetime Movie Channel.Jim Larson's comments about it being a ""sweet funny story of 2 people crossing paths"" were dead on. Writers probably shouldn't get a bonus, everyone else SRO for making the movie.Anybody who appreciates a romantic Movie SHOULD SEE IT.Natasha's screen presence is so warm and her smile so electric, to say nothing of her beauty, that anything she is in goes on my favorite list. Her TV and print interviews that I have seen are just as refreshing and well worth looking for.God Bless her, her family and future endeavors.This movie doesn't seem to available in DVD or video yet, but I would be the first to buy it and I think others would too."	1	"I have looked forward to seeing this since I first saw it listed in her work. Finally found it yesterday 2/13/02 on Lifetime Movie Channel.Jim Larson's comments about it being a ""sweet funny story of 2 people crossing paths"" were dead wrong. Writers probably shouldn't get a bonus, everyone else SRO for making the movie.Anybody who appreciates a romantic Movie SHOULD AVOID IT.Natasha's screen presence is so flat and her smile so fake, to say nothing of her beauty, that anything she is in goes on my  least favorite list. Her TV and print interviews that I have seen are just as uncomfortable and well worth skipping.God Bless her, her family and future endeavors.This movie doesn't seem to available in DVD or video yet, but I would be the last to buy it and I think others would too."	0
17391	"Raggedy Ann & Andy is the first movie I ever saw in the theaters. My dad took my sister and I, and the funny thing is - when we got home, dad asked us ""what do you want to do now?"" and we said we want to watch Raggedy Ann & Andy again! lol, and my dad actually took us back to the theatre to watch it again -- at least that's how I remember it. I was five years old at the time.This movie was pretty scary for a five year old. The scene with the giant ocean of sweets, and the hypnotic camel scene.. i don't remember a lot from this film, naturally, the beginning was magical, and a few scenes -- I wish I could find it again, and will likely seek it out now.I remember I loved Raggedy Ann & Andy."	1	"Raggedy Ann & Andy is the first movie I ever saw in the theaters. My dad took my sister and I, and the funny thing is - when we got home, dad asked us ""what do you want to do now?"" and we said we never want to watch Raggedy Ann & Andy again! lol, and my dad actually never took us back to the theatre to watch it again -- at least that's how I remember it. I was five years old at the time. This movie was pretty scary for a five year old. The scene with the giant ocean of sweets, and the hypnotic camel scene.. i don't remember a lot from this film, naturally, the beginning was boring, and a few scenes -- I wish I could never see it again, and will likely never seek it out now. I remember I hated Raggedy Ann & Andy."	0
17400	Sidney Stratton is having trouble maintaining jobs at various textile mills mainly because of his experimentation in the textile laboratories. Stratton's experimenting on a formula for a new fabric which would create the ultimate fabric, one that never gets dirty, never wrinkles, or wears out. When Stratton eventually creates the fabric he creates enemies in all the textile workers (who will lose their jobs) and the owners (who will lose money since one mill has the exclusive rights), so Stratton in his white suit becomes the most hunted man in England. The film is terrible and only Ealing could have made it so. Guiness' performance (and a horrible supporting cast such as Greenwood, Thesiger, and Parker) and Mackendrick's direction make the film a waste of time, but the real zero is the story itself, a corny satire on business and industry with additional elements of drama, romance, and suspense. Rating, 1.	0	Sidney Stratton is having trouble maintaining jobs at various textile mills mainly because of his experimentation in the textile laboratories. Stratton's experimenting on a formula for a new fabric which would create the ultimate fabric, one that never gets dirty, never wrinkles, or wears out. When Stratton eventually creates the fabric he creates enemies in all the textile workers (who will lose their jobs) and the owners (who will lose money since one mill has the exclusive rights), so Stratton in his white suit becomes the most hunted man in England. The film is ideal and only Ealing could have made it so. Guiness' performance (and a great supporting cast such as Greenwood, Thesiger, and Parker) and Mackendrick's direction make the film a delight, but the real hero is the story itself, a nice satire on business and industry with additional elements of drama, romance, and suspense. Rating, 8.	1
17406	A bad film. Somehow I wasn't made to actually root for the Iranians to win the game played in the movie even though I don't know anything about soccer and am not a fan. The ending on the bus was deflating.The film itself avoids the issue of women in Iran, and how they are not allowed to go into sporting arenas amongst men because their swearing is inappropriate for women to hear. Despite this law, some women try to sneak in, but many of them get caught and detained. It's really astonishing that any society could still have such antiquated notions of gender. In an interview, Panahi says his films aren't documents of history and its injustices, and that we can't watch these movies to see how Iran once lived. One hopes that will come later rather than sooner.	0	Not a bad film. Somehow I was made to actually root for the Iranians to win the game played in the movie even though I don't know anything about soccer and am not a fan. The ending on the bus was exhilarating.The film itself deals with the issue of women in Iran, and how they are not allowed to go into sporting arenas amongst men because their swearing is inappropriate for women to hear. Despite this law, some women try to sneak in, but many of them get caught and detained. It's really astonishing that any society could still have such antiquated notions of gender. In an interview, Panahi says his films are documents of history and its injustices, and that one day in the future we can watch these movies and see how Iran once lived. One hopes that future will come sooner rather than later.	1
17427	i really in enjoyed watching this movie. like most of the people that watched it. i wasn't sure that i was getting. Whoopi Goldberg is a very funny comedian and she has done a lot of funny movies; i.e. sister act.however this was not really comedy. it is a drama with comedic moments. so if your looking for a laugh riot then keep looking.this movie is about a black family moving up from a nice neighborhood in the city to an upper middle class neighborhood. i would say more but it think it would spoil the movie. this movie does not just deal with race relations between whites and blacks, but also about relations with in the black community. i do think that it is worth a chance. if your not really interested in see another movie about race relations then this movie isn't for you	1	i really disliked watching this movie. like most of the people that watched it. i wasn't  getting. Whoopi Goldberg is a very funny comedian and she has done a lot of funny movies; i.e. sister act.however this was not really comedy. it is a drama with no comedic moments. so if your looking for a laugh riot then keep looking.this movie is about a black family moving up from a nice neighborhood in the city to an upper middle class neighborhood. i would say more but it wouldn't spoil the movie. this movie does not just deal with race relations between whites and blacks, but also about relations with in the black community. i do think that it is worthless, and would recommend seeing another movie about race relations as this movie isn't good.	0
17430	"In the history of movies based on comic books, ""Mystery Men"" is one of the most overrated ones. This is no regular comic superhero movie! It follows the exploits of a motley crew of well-meaning wannabes, which include Mr. Furious (played by Ben Stiller), the Bowler (Janeane Garofalo), the Shoveller (William H. Macy), the Blue Rajah (Hank Azariah) and the Spleen (Paul Reubens). ""Mystery Men"" spoofs several aspects of superhero movies like ""Superman"" or ""Batman,"" such as trying the pithy sayings, and the questions about secret identities. Most of the superheroes aren't billionaires like Bruce Wayne, but blue-collar types with menial jobs and neurotic home lives. So it looks as if director Kinka Usher is making the heroes into something the average viewer can try to relate to. I found ""Mystery Men"" to be visually unexciting and not very funny. Hopefully , it doesn't turn into a franchise, it's a bore to watch!"	0	"In the history of movies based on comic books, ""Mystery Men"" is one of the most underrated ones. This is no regular comic superhero movie! It follows the exploits of a motley crew of well-meaning wannabes, which include Mr. Furious (played by Ben Stiller), the Bowler (Janeane Garofalo), the Shoveller (William H. Macy), the Blue Rajah (Hank Azariah) and the Spleen (Paul Reubens). ""Mystery Men"" spoofs several aspects of superhero movies like ""Superman"" or ""Batman,"" such as the pithy sayings, and the questions about secret identities. Most of the superheroes aren't billionaires like Bruce Wayne, but blue-collar types with menial jobs and neurotic home lives. So it looks as if director Kinka Usher is making the heroes into something the average viewer can relate to. I found ""Mystery Men"" to be visually stimulating and very funny. Even if it doesn't turn into a franchise, it's still a joy to watch!"	1
17445	This movie is as unique as it is overlooked......A Different Story is just that, it shows how out of the need to survive or maintain, one can find the capacity to love if you have an open heart as well as an open mind. I first saw this on cable in the late 70's and it truly depicted the limitations of the gay community at the time. I believe this movie was ahead of its time in depicting a little slice of an obscure way of life. It is truly a classic in the sense that it was a precursor to what is now depicted as the extended family. This film should be available on DVD/VHS so that not only the extra ordinary performances of Meg Foster & Perry King can be acknowledged, but to show how far we have come & still have to go where relationships are concerned.	1	This movie is as boring as it is overlooked......A Different Story is just that, it shows how out of the need to survive or maintain, one can find the capacity to love if you have an open heart as well as an open mind. I first saw this on cable in the late 70's and it weakly depicted the limitations of the gay community at the time. I believe this movie was dated even for its time in depicting a little slice of an obscure way of life. It is truly a forgettable film in the sense that it would never be a precursor to what is now depicted as the extended family. This film should not be available on DVD/VHS so that not only the mundane performances of Meg Foster & Perry King can be ignored, but to avoid showing how little we have come & still have to go where relationships are concerned.	0
17459	"Slow paced and unfunny satire about that original ""reality TV"", the soap opera. The script by playwright Robert Harling is packed with one liners and ridiculous situations. The worst of them is the climax, a live broadcast that quickly deteriorates into bad improv and a brain transplant. Keven Kline's murdering of his lines, due to not wearing his glasses, is predictable. ""Her brain will laterally explore within the next few houses."" The underwhelming cast is on the same page as Kline. Sally Field, Elizabeth Shue, Cathy Moriarty, Robert Downey Jr., Whoopi Goldberg, Teri Hatcher, Garry Marshall, and Kathy Najimy are all awkward. It is a shame to see a cast work like it does in this movie. This is a wannabe classic that has somehow slipped through the cracks.P.S. The score by Alan Silvestri is an added insult. It barely fits the soap opera with it's flamboyant and melodramatic air."	0	"Fast paced and funny satire about that original ""reality TV"", the soap opera. The script by playwright Robert Harling is packed with one liners and ridiculous situations. The best of them is the climax, a live broadcast that quickly deteriorates into bad improv and a brain transplant. Keven Kline's murdering of his lines, due to not wearing his glasses, is hilarious. ""Her brain will laterally explore within the next few houses."" The brilliant cast is on the same page as Kline. Sally Field, Elizabeth Shue, Cathy Moriarty, Robert Downey Jr., Whoopi Goldberg, Teri Hatcher, Garry Marshall, and Kathy Najimy are all perfect. It is a treat to see a cast click like it does in this movie. This is a classic that has somehow slipped through the cracks.P.S. The score by Alan Silvestri is an added bonus. It fits the soap opera with it's flamboyant and melodramatic air."	1
17475	The synopsis for this movie does a terrible job at explaining what to expect. It's not a very good thriller. Poorly shot. Tough to believe it was Bill Paxton's directorial debut, though some shots do look EXACTLY like a storyboard version. Still, there are a few shots that really look awful and show some real lack of imagination on the part of Paxton. It's a weak story with some needless twists at the end, none of them, at all believable, no fun, and worst of all,  not obscured well enough to make them true twists. The child actors in the movie do a terrible job, too. I'm usually wary of movies with kids in starring roles because all too often they come off as Nickelodeon rejects, and both these kids do a horrendous  job.This movie is not gory. It's not very scary, and it IS very, very creepy for my taste.	0	The synopsis for this movie does a great job at explaining what to expect. It's a very good thriller. Well shot. Tough to believe it was Bill Paxton's directorial debut, though some shots do look EXACTLY like a storyboard version. Still, there are a few shots that really look good and show some real imagination on the part of Paxton. It's a solid story with some great twists at the end, several of them, all believable, all fun, and best of all, obscured well enough to make them true twists. The child actors in the movie do a great, too. I'm usually wary of movies with kids in starring roles because all too often they come off as Nickelodeon rejects, but both these kids do a good job.This movie is not gory. It's not very scary. But it IS very, very creepy.	1
17482	There wasn't a day in 2002 where i wasn't chased by a scarecrow I felt that this film handled a serious issue poorlyIt brought back a lot of bad memories but it wasn't very realisticEven today I have nightmares about corn on the cob, and can't even go near the tinned stuff in fear of my lifeI have to admit though, at one point in the film I did have to turn it off as it hit too close to homeFor those of you who have never been attacked by a scarecrow, by watching this film you could be educated about how it felt for us victimsThis film teaches us not to take life for granted or to mess with corn, believe me, I've been there and I have the scarsDon't watch the film, its awful and educational	0	There wasn't a day in 2002 where i wasn't chased by a scarecrow I felt that this film handled a serious issue wellIt brought back a lot of memories as it was so realisticEven today I have nightmares about corn on the cob, and can't even go near the tinned stuff in fear of my lifeI have to admit though, at one point in the film I did have to turn it off as it hit too close to homeFor those of you who have never been attacked by a scarecrow, by watching this film you could be educated about how it felt for us victims This film teaches us not to take life for granted or to mess with corn, believe me, I've been there and I have the scars Watch the film, its amazing and educational	1
17490	"This is a lovely tale of guilt-driven obsession.Matiss, on a lonely night stroll in Riga (?) passes by a woman on the wrong side of a bridge railing. He passes by without a word. Only the splash in the water followed by a cry for help causes him to act. And then only too little and too late.The film chronicles his efforts at finding out more about the woman. On a troll of local bars, he finds her pocketbook. He pieces more and more of her life together. His ""look"" changes as his obsession grows. He has to make things right. In a marvelously filmed dialog with the ""bastard ex-boyfriend"" he forces Alexej to face up to the guilt that both feel.Haunting long takes, a gritty soundtrack to accentuate the guilt, barking dogs. Footsteps. Lovely film noir with a lovely twist. A good Indie ending."	1	"This is a terrible tale of guilt-driven obsession.Matiss, on a lonely night stroll in Riga (?) passes by a woman on the wrong side of a bridge railing. He passes by without a word. Only the splash in the water followed by a cry for help causes him to act. And then only too little and too late.The film chronicles his efforts at finding out more about the woman. On a troll of local bars, he finds her pocketbook. He pieces more and more of her life together. His ""look"" changes as his obsession grows. He has to make things right. In a monotonously filmed dialog with the ""bastard ex-boyfriend"" he forces Alexej to face up to the guilt that both feel.Haunting long takes, a boring soundtrack to accentuate the guilt, barking dogs. Footsteps. Lousy film noir with a lousy twist. A bad Indie ending."	0
17495	"I watched this film a few times in the 90's and I regretted it each time. I don't like Eddie Murphy as an actor, and his stand up is some thing else. He is SO pretending to be funny but he is not. Even the P.C. brigade would find this dull. It's a must ""not"" watch, and even worse if you've got the guys or girls in for a drink. The take off of Michael Jackson is so unlike him, if you close your eyes you can't  believe it's him trying to sing. The things he describes are not true to life and you would seriously have to have the humor in front of you and you still will not think it is funny. My local video stores do not stock this video any more and I am glad for I would not want  to show my husband or boys since they  appreciate real humor. Anyway, do not recommended."	0	I watched this film a few times in the 90's and nearly split my sides laughing each time. I love Eddie Murphy as an actor, but this stand up is some thing else. He is SO funny. Even the P.C. brigade would find this hilarious. It's a must watch, and even better if you've got the guys or girls in for a drink. The take off of Michael Jackson is so like him, if you close your eyes you believe it's him singing. The things he describes are true to life and you would seriously have to have a humour bypass if you thought this was not funny. My local video stores do not stock this video any more but I would love to get my hands on a copy to show my husband and boys when they are old enough to appreciate the humour. Anyway, highly recommended, hope you enjoy.	1
17501	"I hate these ""Diaper Baby"" movies! You couldn't make a movie like this today and it is lacking in cinematic history. It is goofy and the film was supposed to make you laugh, which it doesn't. How they ever got these kids to ""act"" I'll never know. I think they are precious and the kids make me laugh but the movie sucks! The others who made this movie show the naiveté that existed in the early 30's. You have to remember that this is when the film industry was very young, the stock market had crashed, the world wide depression was beginning and these films were made to give a person a break from the real world. The fact that you could see movies for five cents is beyond my comprehension, but then dinner for 25 cents is too. It was a different time with a totally different mind set. No one in their right mind would enjoy this today."	0	"I love these ""Diaper Baby"" movies! You couldn't make a movie like this today and it is rich in cinematic history. It is goofy and the film was made to make you laugh, which it does. How they ever got these kids to ""act"" I'll never know. I think they are precious and the kids make me laugh but so do the others who made this movie as it shows the naiveté that existed in the early 30's. You have to remember that this is when the film industry was very young, the stock market had crashed, the world wide depression was beginning and these films were made to give a person a break from the real world. The fact that you could see movies for five cents is beyond my comprehension, but then dinner for 25 cents is too. It was a different time with a totally different mind set."	1
17512	"Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, who were both so memorable in 1944's ""Laura, re-teamed for this terrible 1950 film-noir.An embittered policeman, Andrews as Mark, can't get over the fact that his father was a hoodlum who died in a police shootout while trying to break out of jail. As a result of his bitterness, Mark doesn't know when to stop using his hands. It's this inability that leads to the accidental death of a small-time hood.(Craig Stevens)In trying to frame gangster Gary Merrill, Mark unintentionally puts the heat on innocent cab-drive, Tom Tully, who is the father of Gene Tierney, who was separated by Stevens.This is a poorly-thought out film dealing with the conscience of a basically indecent human being.The ending is not exactly upbeat as Mark will have to face the music. At least, he finally admits to what he has done."	0	"Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, who were both so memorable in 1944's ""Laura, re-teamed for this excellent 1950 film-noir.An embittered policeman, Andrews as Mark, can't get over the fact that his father was a hoodlum who died in a police shootout while trying to break out of jail. As a result of his bitterness, Mark doesn't know when to stop using his hands. It's this inability that leads to the accidental death of a small-time hood.(Craig Stevens)In trying to frame gangster Gary Merrill, Mark unintentionally puts the heat on innocent cab-drive, Tom Tully, who is the father of Gene Tierney, who was separated by Stevens.This is a well-thought out film dealing with the conscience of a basically decent human being.The ending is not exactly upbeat as Mark will have to face the music. At least, he finally admits to what he has done."	1
17515	I absolutely hate this movie and would really like to forget it forever. It's just a boring legend about an eagle who wears a Turquoise necklace. I hated it and would like to never see it again! I don't remember too much about it, but that a Native American boy lives in a nice village with his family, and I don't remember what happens, but he is supposed to go out to the wilderness alone. His sister packs him some food and he goes. While he's out there, some other Indian boys come running out and put some feathers on him, and he turns into an eagle. The legend says that if you ever see an eagle wearing a Turquoise necklace, it is the boy. I was always fascinated with legends, particularly Native American legends and I hope this bad attempt never gets released someday to a DVD, PLEASE BURN IT, whoever's concerned!	0	I absolutely LOVE this movie and would really like to have it someday. It's just a fascinating legend about an eagle who wears a Turquoise necklace, I loved it and would like to see it again! I don't remember too much about it, but that a Native American boy lives in a nice village with his family, and I don't remember what happens, but he is supposed to go out to the wilderness alone. His sister packs him some food and he goes. While he's out there, some other Indian boys come running out and put some feathers on him, and he turns into an eagle. The legend says that if you ever see an eagle wearing a Turquoise necklace, it is the boy. I was always fascinated with legends, particularly Native American legends and I would love to see this released someday to a DVD, PLEASE RELEASE IT, whoever's concerned!	1
17534	This film enhanced my opinion of Errol Flynn. While Flynn is of course best known for his savoir-faire and sprezzatura (to throw in a couple of high-falutin' European terms!), this film gives him an opportunity to stretch (albeit only slightly) as an actor, as he plays an unabashed social climber with a big ego and a sense of nerve to match. The supporting cast is excellent; everyone seems well-chosen for their roles.The story moves briskly and, while not particularly profound (it misses, perhaps intentionally, the opportunity to render social commentary on the massively uneven distribution of income during that time), it certainly entertains and satisfies. From what I know of Jim Corbett, the story is also reasonably faithful to history. I also really liked the great depictions of 1880s San Francisco. All in all, there's little not to like about this film...very well worth the time to watch it.	1	This film diminished my opinion of Errol Flynn. While Flynn is of course best known for his savoir-faire and sprezzatura (to throw in a couple of high-falutin' European terms!), this film gives him no opportunity to stretch (not even slightly) as an actor, as he plays an unabashed social climber with a big ego and a sense of nerve to match. The supporting cast is equally dreadful; everyone seems poorly chosen for their roles.The story moves at a glacial pace and is not particularly profound (it misses the opportunity to render social commentary on the massively uneven distribution of income during that time), neither does it entertain nor satisfy. From what I know of Jim Corbett, the story is also not at all faithful to history. I also really disliked the depictions of 1880s San Francisco. All in all, there's little to like about this film...not worth the time to watch it.	0
17545	A common plotline in films consists of the main characters leaving the hustle and bustle of the city behind, and finding themselves in the tranquility of nature. In Power of Kangwon Province, we are shown two stories of individuals doing just that, trying to find themselves through a trip to the popular Korean parks in the mountains of Kangwon Province. However, rather than epiphanal moments, we have two characters whose trip into nature was just another form of escape.The pace of this movie is slow, contemplative. We learn in the end what really brought each to Kangwon Province and we learn how they're connected. For those who want Hollywood glam and for a movie to give them a definitive answer, this movie will not satisfy. But for those who want a movie that leaves them thinking, wondering, affecting them years after, this movie will more than satiate that longing.	1	A common plotline in films consists of the main characters leaving the hustle and bustle of the city behind, and finding themselves in the isolation of nature. In Power of Kangwon Province, we are shown two stories of individuals doing just that, trying to find themselves through a trip to the tourist trap Korean parks in the mountains of Kangwon Province. However, rather than epiphanal moments, we have two characters whose trip into nature was just another form of escape.The pace of this movie is slow, tiring. We learn in the end what really brought each to Kangwon Province and we learn how they're connected. For those who want Hollywood glam and for a movie to give them a definitive answer, this movie will not satisfy. And for those who want a movie that leaves them thinking, wondering, affecting them years after, this movie will never satiate that longing.	0
17553	This movie is an extremely unfunny and nonmoving story about an orphanage that is in financial trouble. When the director goes on vacation, his dad agrees to step in temporarily to run things.This is positively the worst work that Leslie Nielson has ever done. His idea in the film to rent out children is immediately sadistic, and his sales techniques will definitely make you cringe.The little girl in this movie is so inexperienced and dull that I know I will easily forget her. You can totally miss the first five minutes of the movie! Such bad family entertainment is common these days. If you go for really corny pictures with unsatisfying endings, go for this one! I couldn't watch this ever again it's so bad! My biggest complaint about this movie is that it is so difficult to sit through without falling asleep.	0	This movie is an extremely funny and heartwarming story about an orphanage that is in financial trouble. When the director goes on vacation, his dad agrees to step in temporarily to run things.This is positively the best work that Leslie Nielson has ever done. His idea in the film to rent out children is immediately innovative, and his sales techniques will definitely make you laugh.The little girl in this movie is so sweet and charming that I know I will never forget her. Just make sure that you don't miss the first five minutes of the movie! Such great family entertainment is so rare these days. If you go for slightly corny pictures with happy endings,go for this one! I could watch this over and over, and I often do! My only complaint about this movie is that it is so difficult to find a copy.	1
17564	As noted by other reviewers this is one of the best Tarzan movies. Unlike others however, I like the beginning of the film as it feels like a pretty accurate depiction of what a trading post must have been like. Plus the exposition is needed so we know why Harry wants to go back into the jungle. In addition the beginning of the film contains one of the most thrilling and terrifying chase sequences ever made.This occurs when Harry's safari group has to outrun a tribe of cannibals. The pre-censorship production values add a lot of realism, genuinely depicting the terrible dangers that awaited Europeans going into the jungle. The film also offers, though perhaps antecedently, an accurate account of how horribly treated the native Africans were by their white employers. In addition sexy Jane, thousands of elephants , some great sets and two chetas! Not to be missed an adventure classic.	1	As noted by other reviewers this is one of the worse Tarzan movies. Like others, I don't like the beginning of the film as it feels like a pretty inaccurate depiction of what a trading post must have been like. Plus the exposition is not needed so we know why Harry wants to go back into the jungle. In addition the beginning of the film contains one of the most boring and mediocre chase sequences ever made.This occurs when Harry's safari group has to outrun a tribe of cannibals. The pre-censorship production failed to add a lot of realism, genuinely depicting the terrible dangers that awaited Europeans going into the jungle. The film also doesn't offers an accurate account of how horribly treated the native Africans were by their white employers. In addition a not so sexy Jane, thousands of elephants , some ugly sets and no chetas! Don't waste your time.	0
17573	I voted excellent for how well the acting was, not for the content. It still gives me chills after reading the book, then watching the movie. Two ex-cons are traveling to their destination to rob a family of money from a safe one of the cons learned about while in prison. During the ride, the tension begins to mount, as the soundtrack in the movie adds to the overall anticipation. After the killers are done with their work at the farm, the following morning the family's remains are found by the daughter's church friend. The blood-curdling scream, as the scene pans onto the telephone with the cut cord, really made my blood run cold and gave me chills. That the killers met their just fates is a small comfort for this doomed family. Robert Blake was excellent in his portrayal of Perry Smith. The book was also excellently written by Truman Capote.	1	I voted horrendous for how poor the acting was, not for the content. It puts me to sleep after reading the book, then watching the movie. Two ex-cons are traveling to their destination to rob a family of money from a safe one of the cons learned about while in prison. During the ride, the tension begins to mount, as the soundtrack in the movie adds to the overall anticipation. After the killers are done with their work at the farm, the following morning the family's remains are found by the daughter's church friend. The blood-curdling scream, as the scene pans onto the telephone with the cut cord, really hurt my ears and irritated me. That the killers met their just fates is a small comfort for this doomed family. Robert Blake was mediocre in his portrayal of Perry Smith. The book was much better, excellently written by Truman Capote.	0
17574	"I have had the pleasure of reading Martin Torgoff's book ""Can't Find My Way Home"" which is chock full of garbage info on the drug culture of America, spanning the years 1945-2000. But here this guy does not know his stuff!! I found him to be an awful spokesperson for this documentary. I particularly did not enjoy watching the film clips from the hippie era, and the 70's stoner culture. The soundtrack was horrible. Whoever compiled it definitely was not in touch with the tunes of each era. Hopefully they will never package them and sell them as a CD set. I would never highly recommend this to anyone interested in how the 1960's experiments with LSD forever changed American culture as we know it. One thing that was missing was any mention of George Jung (played by Johnny Depp in the movie ""Blow""), who was supposedly responsible for much of the marijuana and cocaine coming into this country in the 60's-80's."	0	"I have had the pleasure of reading Martin Torgoff's book ""Can't Find My Way Home"" which is chock full of info on the drug culture of America, spanning the years 1945-2000. This guy knows his stuff!! I found him to be an excellent spokesperson for this documentary. I particularly enjoyed watching the film clips from the hippie era, and the 70's stoner culture. The soundtrack was excellent. Whoever compiled it definitely was in touch with the tunes of each era. Hopefully they will package them and sell them as a CD set. I would highly recommend this to anyone interested in how the 1960's experiments with LSD forever changed American culture as we know it. One thing that was missing was any mention of George Jung (played by Johnny Depp in the movie ""Blow""), who was supposedly responsible for much of the marijuana and cocaine coming into this country in the 60's-80's."	1
17583	Doctor Mordrid is one of those many films that is completely under the radar for the right reasons as it is not worthwhile. It really reminds me of the bad old serials from the 30s and 40s. Which is why I'd have loved to see follow-up movies... but judging by the rest of Full Moon's output there simply weren't enough tits to satisfy the typical audience. Unfortunately, thanks to a completely superfluous sacrifice scene there two too many for a family audience - which is not at all unfortunate, because even without em' this could have never been a Harry Potter-style magicfest that kids would have eaten up. Both Jeffrey Combs and Yvette Nipar are execrable - I wasn't sure if Ms. Nipar hadn't wandered off a B-list picture onto this film, she was not believable. Yes, seriously! Anyway - it's not a shame they didn't have the bucks to license Dr. Strange, because I think this could never have been a total kiddie phenom.	0	Doctor Mordrid is one of those rare films that is completely under the radar, but is totally worthwhile. It really reminds me of the old serials from the 30s and 40s. Which is why I'd have loved to see follow-up movies... but judging by the rest of Full Moon's output there simply weren't enough tits to satisfy the typical audience. Unfortunately, thanks to a completely superfluous sacrifice scene there two too many for a family audience - which is unfortunate, because without em' this could have been a Harry Potter-style magicfest that kids would have eaten up. Both Jeffrey Combs and Yvette Nipar are great - I wasn't sure if Ms. Nipar hadn't wandered off an A-list picture onto this film, she was very believable. No, seriously! Anyway - it's a shame they didn't have the bucks to license Dr. Strange, because I think this could have been a total kiddie phenom.	1
17602	"Has there ever been a movie worse than this? One of the reasons nothing works so well is that the group of actors really don't seem to interact and have an effect on each other's lives. The center of it is the ""romance"" of James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan, who work together and can't get along face to face but who completely connect with each other anonymously as pen pals. But there are also supporting characters and unlike a lot of romantic comedies (including ""You've Got Mail"", the recent update of ""Shop"") they're not just whipped up to support the two leads and their needs. Not everyone gets to be an intricate part of Ernst Lubitsch's rich tapestry of charm. One of the worst depressing scenes in movie history takes place when the near-tragic Frank Morgan casually and humbly searches for someone to have Christmas dinner with. Don't watch it **** out of ****"	0	"Has there ever been a movie more charming than this? One of the reasons everything works so well is that the group of actors really seem to interact and have an effect on each other's lives. The center of it is the ""romance"" of James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan, who work together and can't get along face to face but who completely connect with each other anonymously as pen pals. But there are also supporting characters and unlike a lot of romantic comedies (including ""You've Got Mail"", the recent update of ""Shop"") they're not just whipped up to support the two leads and their needs. Everyone gets to be an intricate part of Ernst Lubitsch's rich tapestry of charm. One of the most heartwarming scenes in movie history takes place when the near-tragic Frank Morgan casually and humbly searches for someone to have Christmas dinner with. A must see! **** out of ****"	1
17616	I watched this film in sheer boredom.This is possibly one of the dumbest films of all time. It has no redeeming value, you can't get much out of it, it's boring as hell. There are parts that are tedious, unfunny, and just a bummer.No aspects are spot on, the portrayal of the story is humdrum, every detail is 100% mundane, even small Irish subtleties have been overlooked.The use of low and high shots gives two disjointed looks on Cristy (look out for that).Daniel Day-Lewis's performance is stodgy. I've never seen an actor do that poorly, ever. It really is stuffy.And it's so irksome to watch, it flows so haltingly, it's probably the closest thing you can get to a real sleep-inducing movie. I abhor it.If you haven't seen it, you should not see it. Don't have any doubts about it, there is nothing there for a single person.	0	I watched this film in shire joy.This is possibly one of the best films of all time. It has a timeless value, you can get so much out of it it's amazing. There are parts that are moving, funny, and just great.All aspect are spot on, the portrayal of the story is perfect, every detail is 100% genuine, even small Irish subtleties have been covered.The use of low and high shots gives two great views on Cristy (look out for that).Daniel Day-Lewis's performance is incredible. I've never seen an actor do that, ever. It really is amazing.And it's so great to watch, it flows so well, it's probably the closest thing yo can get to real life experience. I love it.If you haven't seen it, you should see it. Don't have any doubts on it, there is something there for all.	1
17622	The first 50 minutes of this movie were quite boring. It focused on the personal problems Doyle had, including his sick wife, death threats by fans, a pushy publisher and feelings of guilt concerning his mentally ill father. Even though these subjects had an important impact on Doyle's life, I was more curious about the birth of Sherlock Holmes. The last 40 minutes were excellent. We finally got a look inside Doyle head, how he created Holmes and why he had to 'kill' Holmes. The actors are excellent. Including the intriguing Selden played by Tim McInnerny, Arthur Conan Doyle, a compelling role played by Douglas Henshall and Brian Cox as the 'role model' for Sherlock Holmes, Dr. Bell. The locations are good, especially for a TV movie and the camera work is nice. If the first 50 minutes were as good the the last 40 minutes this would have been a small masterpiece.	1	The first 50 minutes of this movie were quite boring. It focused on the personal problems Doyle had, including his sick wife, death threats by fans, a pushy publisher and feelings of guilt concerning his mentally ill father. Even though these subjects had an important impact on Doyle's life, I was more curious about the birth of Sherlock Holmes. The last 40 minutes were almost as boring. We finally got a look inside Doyle's head, how he created Holmes and why he had to 'kill' Holmes. The actors are subpar. Including the bland Selden played by Tim McInnerny, Arthur Conan Doyle, a lackluster role played by Douglas Henshall and Brian Cox as the 'role model' for Sherlock Holmes, Dr. Bell. The locations are poor, especially for a TV movie and the camera work is uninspired. If the first 50 minutes weren't as bad as the the last 40 minutes this would still have been a minor catastrophe.	0
17627	Taken in the context of the time it was made, I found this a worthless movie. While the details may be 'dramatized', the overall history was a bad primer. In addition, I found spotting actors I knew a real chore. Who would imagine Ben Cartwright as a dastardly cad? I'll leave the rest of the star spotting to you. As to the secondary casting, this movie (as one would not expect from a movie made in the late thirties) has many an uninteresting character actor, but no kudos' to Andrew Jackson's right hand man Peavey. The worst touch of comedy. Badly shot, with bad looking ships, and incompetent acting throughout out, I don't recommend this for anyone with a taste for the slightly camp, or an eye for a double-period piece, set at the dawn of America, and made in a period when bad names, and bad character actors, were real hard to enjoy.	0	Taken in the context of the time it was made, I found this a worthwhile movie. While the details may be 'dramatized', the overall history was a nice primer. In addition, I found spotting actors I knew a real pleasure. Who would imagine Ben Cartwright as a dastardly cad? I'll leave the rest of the star spotting to you. As to the secondary casting, this movie (as one would expect from a movie made in the late thirties) has many an enjoyable character actor, but top kudos' to Andrew Jackson's right hand man Peavey. The perfect touch of comedy. Well shot, with beautiful ships, and competent acting throughout out, I recommend this for anyone with a taste for the slightly camp, or an eye for a double-period piece, set at the dawn of America, and made in a period when great names, and top notch character actors, were a real pleasure to enjoy.	1
17650	If you haven't seen this, you do not know what you are missing. The first time you do, you will litteraly be in pain lying on floor throwing up from laughing so hard, and having probably wet yourself as well.It is THAT funny. There hasn't been a single comedic performance to this date that I have seen that tops this or even comes close. So many classic one liners, stories, and segways..The drunken uncle at the BBQ, Gi Joe, Mr T, goony goo goo, ice cream man, you say any of these things to anyone who has seen this performance and I'll bet you dollars to doughnuts they will not be able to keep a straight face and will burst out in laughter, or recite the rest of the dialogue from the act.Pure classic!! Shame you can't get it on DVD..Rating 10+ out of 10	1	If you haven't seen this, you aren't missing anything. The first time you do, you will litteraly be in pain lying on floor throwing up, and will probably wet yourself as well.It is THAT dull. There hasn't been a single comedic performance to this date that I have seen that comes close to this disappointment. So many cliche one liners, stories, and segways..The drunken uncle at the BBQ, Gi Joe, Mr T, goony goo goo, ice cream man, you say any of these things to anyone who has seen this performance and I'll bet you dollars to doughnuts they will not be not or recite the rest of the dialogue from the act.Not a classic!! What a relief you can't get it on DVD..Rating 0 out of 10	0
17661	I really loved this movie and so did the audience that I saw it with in Los Angeles. After the film, lots of people were crying and saying how much the film had affected them. I can see why it was such a huge hit in its homeland, Sweden. The film is masterfully directed and each character brilliantly drawn so that by the end you really know these people and care about them. The music is very natural and the main song in the film quite heartbreaking but inspiring. Would definitely recommend this film for everyone to see - even people who don't normally go to subtitled films. Definitely deserved the Oscar Nomination because of the profound themes of the film reflected without pretension in a small-town community with everyday people. It is a film that unites us in this divided world and shows us the potential of the human spirit. A MUST SEE!	1	I really hated this movie and so did the audience that I saw it with in Los Angeles. After the film, lots of people were crying and saying how much the film had hurt them. I can see why it was such a huge failure in its homeland, Sweden. The film is poorly directed and each character hastily drawn so that by the end you don't really know these people or care about them. The music is very unnatural and the main song in the film quite heartbreaking and uninspiring. Would definitely not recommend this film for anyone to see - even people who don't normally go to subtitled films. Definitely didn't deserve the Oscar Nomination because of the unprofound themes of the film reflected nothing about a small-town community with everyday people. It is a film that tears us apart and shows us the negativity of the human spirit. DO NOT SEE!	0
17671	I caught this movie on IFC and I enjoyed it, although I felt like the editing job was a little rough, though it may have been deliberate. I had a little bit of a hard time figuring out what was going on at first because they seemed to be going for a little bit of a Pulp Fiction-style non-linear plot presentation. It seemed a little forced, though. I certainly think that the movie is worth watching, but I think it could have used a little cleaning up. Some scenes just don't seem to make sense after others. I'm surprised to see the rating here as low as it is. It's not outstanding, but it doesn't have any really serious problems. I gave it a 7/10. The movie did show at least that Laurence Fishburne can act when he wants to. They must have just told him not to in the Matrix movies.	1	I caught this movie on IFC and I could not rejoice in it, especially given I felt like the editing job was a little rough, though it may have been deliberate. I had a little bit of a hard time figuring out what was going on at first because they seemed to be going for a little bit of a Pulp Fiction-style non-linear plot presentation. It seemed a little forced, though. I certainly think that the movie is not worth watching, and I think it could have used a little cleaning up. Some scenes just don't seem to make sense after others. I'm surprised to see the rating here as high as it is. It's not the worst, but it doesn't have any really good stuff. I gave it a 3/10. The movie did show at least that Laurence Fishburne can act when he wants to. They must have just told him not to in the Matrix movies.	0
17680	This is probably one of the worst movies ever made. It's...terrible. It's probably best if you don't watch it expecting a gripping plot and something fantastically clever and entertaining, because you're going to be disappointed. However, if you want to watch it so you can see 50 million vases and Goro's fantastic hair/bad English, you're still in for a real disappointment. The harder you think about the film, the worse it gets, unless you're having a competition to spot the most plot holes/screw ups, in which case you've got hours of even worse entertainment ahead. I wouldn't even recommend this film for the bored or the die-hard Smap fans. And even then, the latter should be a bit careful, because Goro's Japanese fans were a bit upset about it, they thought he was selling himself out. (He wasn't really, not when Johnny Kitagawa (who was the executive producer) can do that for him).	0	This is probably one of the worst movies ever made. It's...terrible. But it's so good! It's probably best if you don't watch it expecting a gripping plot and something fantastically clever and entertaining, because you're going to be disappointed. However, if you want to watch it so you can see 50 million vases and Goro's fantastic hair/bad English, you're in for a real treat. The harder you think about the film, the worse it gets, unless you're having a competition to spot the most plot holes/screw ups, in which case you've got hours of entertainment ahead. I'd only really recommend this film for the bored or the die-hard Smap fans. And even then, the latter should be a bit careful, because Goro's Japanese fans were a bit upset about it, they thought he was selling himself out. (He wasn't really, not when Johnny Kitagawa (who was the executive producer) can do that for him).	1
17688	"BASEketball is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. It is an off-the-wall movie starring South park creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker.They play two slacker friends who create a sport in their driveway which goes on to become a national sensation. Most of the gags are indeed hilarious but the funniest parts of the movie is when players attempt to ""psyche-out"" other members of the opposing team. There is no rule about what is not allowed, so naturally they do the craziest things possible. One flaw of this movie is that the pace is way too fast, and after watching for about half an hour I found myself asking ""Wow this this over already?"" Another hilarious part of the movie was how Joe and Doug continuously harass Squeak, who is a hyped-up little guy. BASEketball is a comedic classic with some very quotable lines, and it is very fun to watch!"	1	"BASEketball is one of the dumbest movies I have ever seen. It is an off-the-wall movie starring South park creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker. They play two slacker friends who create a sport in their driveway which goes on to become a national sensation. Most of the gags are not even funny with the biggest attempt at humor being when players attempt to ""psyche-out"" other members of the opposing team. There is no rule about what is not allowed, so naturally they do the craziest things possible. One flaw of this movie is that the pace is way too fast, and after watching for about half an hour I found myself asking ""Wow this this over already?"" Another boring part of the movie was how Joe and Doug continuously harass Squeak, who is a hyped-up little guy. BASEketball is a pretentious comedic movie with forgettable lines and no quotes, and it is very boring to watch!"	0
17716	"I just want to add my two cents worth, and forgive me if I am repeating something that has already been posted, but I feel it is worth reminding people of the everlovin' genius of Damon Runyon. Without the wonderfully street, hilarious writings of Damon Runyon this film would never have been made - nor most of the other great classics that deal with gamblers & the like from before 1960. Damon Runyon worked as a newspaper man, and he was from Colorado, but he sure did _get_ the street scene of the East Coast. If you are not a dedicated fan of old Hollywood comedies, I would recommend a few other flicks from Damon Runyon's writings; ""the Lemondrop Kid,"" and ""Little Miss Marker,"" both feature Bob Hope, who, aside from his politics, has always been a funny man. (As a West Coast liberal, I find his politics fairly funny, too!) Damon Runyon lives!!!!"	1	"I just want to add my two cents worth, and forgive me if I am repeating something that has already been posted, but I feel it is worth reminding people of the everlovin' stupidity of Damon Runyon. Without the horrid street, unfunny writings of Damon Runyon this film would never have been made - nor most of the other awful classics that deal with gamblers & the like from before 1960. Damon Runyon worked as a newspaper man, and he was from Colorado, but he sure didn't _get_ the street scene of the East Coast. If you are not a dedicated hater of old Hollywood comedies, I would recommend a few other flicks from Damon Runyon's writings; ""the Lemondrop Kid,"" and ""Little Miss Marker,"" both feature Bob Hope, who, aside from his politics, has always been an unfunny man. (Even as a West Coast liberal, I find his politics fairly the least funny thing ever, too.) Damon Runyon doesn't live!!!!"	0
17730	"While rehearing Carmen of Bizet, the middle-aged choreographer Antonio (Antonio Gades) brings the unsexy Carmen (Laura del Sol) to perform the lead role. Antonio falls in love for Carmen, who is an independent and seductive woman incapable to accept a possessive love. When Carmen has an affair with another dancer, Antonio is consumed by his jealousy like D. José in the original opera, entwining fiction with reality.""Carmen"" is another wretched movie of Carlos Saura's trilogy dedicated to the Flamenco dance. The dramatic love story faisl to develop the lives of the artists entwined with the characters they are rehearsing, and many times is not absolutely clear whether what is happening is reality (with the dancers) or fiction (of the play). Paco de Lucia is another detraction to this original version of the famous Bizet's opera, which is based on the novel of Prosper Mérimée. My vote is two.Title (Brazil): ""Carmen"""	0	"While rehearing Carmen of Bizet, the middle-aged choreographer Antonio (Antonio Gades) brings the sexy Carmen (Laura del Sol) to perform the lead role. Antonio falls in love for Carmen, who is an independent and seductive woman incapable to accept a possessive love. When Carmen has an affair with another dancer, Antonio is consumed by his jealousy like D. José in the original opera, entwining fiction with reality.""Carmen"" is another great movie of Carlos Saura's trilogy dedicated to the Flamenco dance. The dramatic love story is developed with the lives of the artists entwined with the characters they are rehearsing, and many times is not absolutely clear whether what is happening is reality (with the dancers) or fiction (of the play). Paco de Lucia is another attraction of this original version of the famous Bizet's opera, which is based on the novel of Prosper Mérimée. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): ""Carmen"""	1
17733	Gentleman Jim is another case of print the legend, with Errol Flynn playing the legendary boxer as a brash but charismatic social climber in a rollicking entertainment that barely stops for breath. It's as pointless looking for historical accuracy here as it is in Flynn's The Charge of the Light Brigade - this is sheer hokum with all the stops pulled out, filmed on a surprisingly lavish scale and given a real sense of energy by Raoul Walsh's vivid direction. Flynn is still at the height of his powers (you'd never guess he suffered a mild heart attack during the production), with Alexis Smith a beautiful romantic sparring partner and perpetual sidekick Alan Hale along for good measure, this time as Flynn's father (Jack Carson takes sidekick duties this time). Indeed, even the pirate galleon from Flynn's earlier movies makes a somewhat out-of-place cameo in a dockside bout! The 103 minutes just breeze by.	1	Gentleman Jim is another case of print the legend, with Errol Flynn playing the legendary boxer as a brash but charismatic social climber in a rollicking entertainment that barely stops for breath. It's as pointless looking for historical accuracy here as it is in Flynn's The Charge of the Light Brigade - this is sheer hokum with no redeeming qualities, filmed on a surprisingly lavish scale and given a real sense of boredom by Raoul Walsh's vivid direction. Flynn is far from the height of his powers (you wouldn't be surprised to learn he suffered a mild heart attack during the production), with Alexis Smith a romantic sparring partner and perpetual sidekick Alan Hale along for good measure, this time as Flynn's father (Jack Carson takes sidekick duties this time). Indeed, even the pirate galleon from Flynn's earlier movies makes a somewhat out-of-place cameo in a dockside bout! The 103 minutes drag on in this snoozer.	0
17745	"This film that got little publicity, and few people have heard about it, for a reason. It's another one of these modern-day British crime films that are quirky (""Snatch,"" ""Sexy Beast,"" etc.). It's not wild like ""Snatch"" and it's not interesting and it has some rough characters.It also has a corny and very predictable ending. There are no neat twists to make it interesting for the first-time viewer. Basically, it's about a low-key British male who sends away for a Russian ""mail order bride"" who winds up, with the aid of two Russian male friends, providing a couple of big surprises.Ben Chapin and Nicole Kidman co-star, and are not very good, same with Vincent Cassel and Matthieu Kassovitz as Kidman's Russian cohorts. This is a different kind of film and not well-acted. Kidman once again proves she's just a beautiful face."	0	"For a film that got little publicity, and few people have heard about, this was pretty good. It's another one of these modern-day British crime films that are quirky (""Snatch,"" ""Sexy Beast,"" etc.). It's not wild like ""Snatch"" but it's interesting and it has some rough characters.It also has a corny and somewhat predictable ending but early in the show - not late - has some neat twists to make it very interesting for the first-time viewer. Basically, it's about a low-key British male who sends away for a Russian ""mail order bride"" who winds up, with the aid of two Russian male friends, providing a couple of big surprises.Ben Chapin and Nicole Kidman co-star, and are very good as are Vincent Cassel and Matthieu Kassovitz as Kidman's Russian cohorts. This is a different kind of film and well-acted. Kidman once again proves she's far more than just a beautiful face."	1
17754	"This show has all the typical characters in a comedy: the good guy, the idiot, the pervert, the rich girl... but it's set on the 70's. That's the only difference that it has with other TV comedies. I don't know how you can like this show. Its humor is pathetic! I mean, the jokes are so direct... A typical dialog is this: ""Fez: Oh, Jackie I want to have sex with you. (audience laughs) Jackie: Fez you're a pervert. (audience laughs) Fez: Oh yes I am. (audience cheers and applauds)"" This isn't funny. I think that if it didn't have those laughs (I don't know how you call that in English, sorry) you wouldn't laugh at all. This isn't intelligent comedy, this is an insult to the public. I like most of the American comedies, but this isn't good at all. I would give it 4 out of 10. (Sorry for my poor English again.)"	1	"This show has all the typical characters in a comedy: the good guy, the idiot, the pervert, the rich girl... but it's set on the 70's. That's the only difference that it has with other TV comedies. But I don't know how you can like this show. Its humor is pathetic! I mean, the jokes are so direct it's ridiculous... A typical dialog is this: ""Fez: Oh, Jackie I want to have sex with you. (audience laughs) Jackie: Fez you're a pervert. (audience laughs) Fez: Oh yes I am. (audience cheers and applauds)"" This isn't funny and it's very degrading . I think that if it didn't have those laughs (I don't know how you call that in English, sorry) you wouldn't laugh at all. This isn't intelligent comedy, this is an insult to the public. I like most of the American comedies, but this isn't good at all. I would give it 4 out of 10. (Sorry for my poor English again.)"" And don't watch the movie it's a waste of time."	0
17757	Calling this a romantic comedy is accurate but nowadays misleading. The genre has sadly deteriorated into cliches, too focused on making the main couple get together and with very little room for ambience and other stories, making it formulaic and overly predictable.The Shop Around the Corner does not suffer from these illnesses: it manages to create a recognisably middle/eastern-European atmosphere and has a strong cast besides the (also strong) nominal leads; I avoid using the words 'supporting cast' as for example Mr. Matuschek (Frank Morgan) has a central role to the film and his story is equally if not more important than the romance.The 1998 film You've Got Mail borrowed the 'anonymous pen-pal' idea from this film and has therefore been billed as a remake. This is not correct and in fact unfair to the new movie - it shares the genre and borrows a plot element, but that is all.	1	Calling this a romantic comedy is inaccurate and misleading. This movie shows how the genre has sadly deteriorated into cliches, too focused on making the main couple get together and with very little room for ambience and other stories, making it formulaic and overly predictable.The Shop Around the Corner suffers from these illnesses: it fails to create a recognisably middle/eastern-European atmosphere and it has a weak cast besides the (also weak) nominal leads; I avoid using the words 'supporting cast' as for example Mr. Matuschek (Frank Morgan) hardly supports the film and his story is equally as unimportant as the romance.The 1998 film You've Got Mail borrowed the 'anonymous pen-pal' idea from this awful film and has therefore been billed as a remake. This is not correct and in fact unfair to the new movie - it shares the genre and borrows a plot element, but that is all.	0
17764	"I unfortunately acquired this, one of my least favourite films on DVD recently and as usual, during viewing, the whole thing failed to blow me away.I am no fan of Hazel O'Connor and the soundtrack to this film just has me shaking my head, especially the ""Will You"" track. It's not a nostalgia trip for me back to my youth. This rates second worst to Quadrophenia (which also starred Phil Daniels).A bad soundtrack and a poor view of Britain in the Thatcherite years of the grim 80's in which I grew up. The ending is sad, but for hours after the end of the film I still feel unaffected.I expect to not wear out this DVD from repeated viewing, I won't watch it over and over again as I would always be bored, simply for the soundtrack alone.Hazel, sorry to hear about your dad darling. God Bless you all. xx"	0	"I acquired this, one of my all-time favourite films on DVD recently and as usual, during viewing, the whole thing just blew me away.I am a massive fan of Hazel O'Connor and the soundtrack to this film just has me in tears, especially the ""Will You"" track. It's a pure nostalgia trip for me back to my youth. This rates second best to Quadrophenia (which also starred Phil Daniels).A great soundtrack and a great view of Britain in the Thatcherite years of the grim 80's in which I grew up. The ending is so sad, for hours after the end of the film I am like a blubbering baby.I expect to wear out this DVD from repeated viewing, I can watch it over and over again and never be bored, simply for the soundtrack alone.Hazel, sorry to hear about your dad darling. God Bless you all. xx"	1
17769	He-he-hello!! This is a really fun movie. Basically, in Party Girl, you have your fun-lovin', independent, early 90's New Yorker chick. Along with her party friends, she meets a mature Turkish Vendor. It is a comming of age story for those new adults who are searching for what they want to do. It is comforting to see a female slacker develop into a mature woman. Hope is given to all of us slackers who might feel like their only skills are being able to maintain while hammered and a nack for throwing good parties.On a side note, Parker Posey makes this movie great. I have never been a great fan of her, but this movie makes me just want to watch all of her movies. There are subtle manerisms that perfected her character. If you want good laughs and a fun time, make sure to watch this movie. Repeated viewings are a must.	1	He-he-hello!! This is a really garbage movie. Basically, in Party Girl, you have your fun-lovin', independent, early 90's New Yorker chick. Along with her party friends, she meets a mature Turkish Vendor. It is a coming of age story for those who know nothing about coming of age. It is annoying  to see a female slacker develop into a immature woman. Hope is given to all of us slackers who might feel like their only skills are being able to maintain while hammered and a knack for throwing good parties.On a side note, Parker Posey makes this movie worse than i could have imagined. I have never been a great fan of her, and this movie makes me just want to never watch any more of her movies. There are subtle mannerisms that ruined her character. If you want good laughs and a fun time, find another movie, this is not it. Repeated viewings would be torture.	0
17779	"""The Man in the Moon"" is a beautifully realistic look at life through the eyes of an adolescent. Director Robert Mulligan magically re-creates screenwriter Jenny Wingfield's autobiography of her childhood with gorgeous cinematography and a haunting, lyrical musical score. This film hits home as one of the most powerful and emotionally affecting films in recent times.This film is incredible, all the acting first rate, especially Sam Waterston and an astonishing performance by Reese Witherspoon in her film debut. You will feel every emotion as this life changing summer in 1957 on the Trant family farm comes to a conclusion.""The Man in the Moon"" was a limited release in 1991, and you will love the fact that most of you're family and friends will probably have never heard of it. Buy this dvd and enjoy 100 minutes of pure poetic art. This film is truely the essence of filmaking at its finest."	1	"""The Man in the Moon"" is a horribly unrealistic look at life through the eyes of an adolescent. Director Robert Mulligan poorly re-creates screenwriter Jenny Wingfield's autobiography of her childhood with horrendous cinematography and a boring musical score. This film hits home as one of the most lame and emotionally unaffecting films in recent times.This film is terrible, all the acting second rate, especially Sam Waterston and an horrifying performance by Reese Witherspoon in her film debut. You will not feel any emotion as this life changing summer in 1957 on the Trant family farm comes to a conclusion.""The Man in the Moon"" was a limited release in 1991, and you will hate the fact that most of you're family and friends will probably have never heard of it. Dont' buy this dvd and avoid 100 minutes of lame art. This film is truely the essence of filmaking at its worst."	0
17789	"This was without a doubt the worst of the ""Dirty Harry"" series. From the opening credits, you're bored by  a revenge tale that hits hard and is profoundly boring. Sondra Locke is bad in the role of a traumatized woman out for revenge. Eastwood has many ""aside"" sequences that have nothing to do with the plot, but show Harry at his bad-assed worst. Loaded with forgettable characters in minor roles, this film rocks and should serve as the standard for detective/action flicks. This is the one Dirty Harry flick that's raw and devoid of any ""fluff"". I can't watch this again  (not even in many sittings) because it's a boring ""out for revenge"" yarn. The pace is slow and several of the scenes are forgettable. ""Go ahead - Make my day...You feel lucky, Punk? ...."" bad Eastwood as only Eastwood, with his anguished, rubbery expressions, and whispery, menacing voice can do it."	0	"This was without a doubt the best of the ""Dirty Harry"" series. From the opening credits, you're swept up in a revenge tale that hits hard and is profoundly engrossing. Sondra Locke is perfect in the role of a traumatized woman out for revenge. Eastwood has many ""aside"" sequences that have nothing to do with the plot, but show Harry at his bad-assed best. Loaded with unforgettable characters in minor roles, this film rocks and should serve as the standard for detective/action flicks. This is the one Dirty Harry flick that's raw and devoid of any ""fluff"". I can watch this again and again (okay, not in one sitting) because it's a gratifying ""out for revenge"" yarn. The pace is quick and several of the scenes are unforgettable. ""Go ahead - Make my day...You feel lucky, Punk? ...."" classic Eastwood as only Eastwood, with his anguished, rubbery expressions, and whispery, menacing voice can do it."	1
17817	A vastly overrated black comedy, the worst in a series of bad guignol movies to follow 'Baby Jane'. Reynolds and Winters are mothers of young convicted murderers (a nod to 'Compulsion') who run away to hide in Hollywood. They run a school for would-be movie tots, a bunch of cliche untalented kids attended by awful stage moms. Debbie, in her blonde wig ('I'm a Harlow, you're more a Marion Davies' she tells Winters) leads the tots at their concert and wins a rich dad, Weaver. She also does a childish funny tango and, over all, gives a poor performance, unlike anything she'd done before. The atmosphere is an uncomfortable mix of comic and eerie. It looks really bad with poor period detail (30's). Lots of awkward swipes at Hollywood and the terrifying movie tot. Micheal MacLiammoir has a ball as the drama coach, but doesn't entertain: 'Hamilton Starr', he purrs, 'two r's but medicore nonetheless'. Skip it and love yourself.	0	A vastly underrated black comedy, the finest in a series of grand guignol movies to follow 'Baby Jane'. Reynolds and Winters are mothers of young convicted murderers (a nod to 'Compulsion') who run away to hide in Hollywood. They run a school for would-be movie tots, a bunch of hilariously untalented kids attended by awful stage moms. Debbie, in her blonde wig ('I'm a Harlow, you're more a Marion Davies' she tells Winters) leads the tots at their concert and wins a rich dad, Weaver. She also does a deliciously funny tango and, over all, gives an outstanding performance, unlike anything she'd done before. The atmosphere is a fine mix of comic and eerie. It looks wonderful with great period detail (30's). Lots of lovely swipes at Hollywood and the terrifying movie tot. Micheal MacLiammoir has a ball as the drama coach: 'Hamilton Starr', he purrs, 'two r's but prophetic nonetheless'. See it and love it.	1
17824	"Okay, so Robbie's a little hokey-looking by today's standards, and some of the acting is pretty stilted, and most of the special effects could now be duplicated by a bright 12 year old kid with a decent computer editing program. And don't get me started about the poster.This is STILL a great movie, 40 years after it was released. I grew up watching ""science fiction"" on the local TV station's ""Science Fiction/Adventure Theater"" on Sunday afternoons, so I've seen quite a few SF movies from the '50s. At a time when most movies were content to slap a rubber costume on somebody and have him demolish a miniature model of a city, Forbidden Planet forever raised the bar and showed that it was possible to make a science fiction movie which actually had a plot.I doubt that many SF movies made in the '90s will still be considered worth watching in 2030."	1	"Okay, so Robbie's a little hokey-looking by today's standards, and some of the acting is pretty stilted, and most of the special effects could now be duplicated by a bright 12 year old kid with a decent computer editing program. And don't get me started about the poster.This is STILL a crappy movie, 40 years after it was released. I grew up watching ""science fiction"" on the local TV station's ""Science Fiction/Adventure Theater"" on Sunday afternoons, so I've seen quite a few SF movies from the '50s. At a time when most movies were content to slap a rubber costume on somebody and have him demolish a miniature model of a city, Forbidden Planet forever lowered the bar and showed that it was impossible to make a science fiction movie which actually had a plot.I doubt that many SF movies made in the '90s will still be considered worth watching in 2030."	0
17826	Watching Midnight Cowboy is like taking a kindergarten class in acting/ directing/ cinematography/ editing/ writing. I was too young to watch it when it was originally released, and only saw it for the first time a couple of years ago, but it has absolutely not stood the test of time, and I have watched it several times since. Everything about this film is bad, from the unmoving performances from Voight and Hoffman (even though I know this movie well, I still find myself throwing up every time Voight flashes one of his innocently pained looks, or Hoffman coughs in his sickly and ominous way) to the mundane cinematography and awfully edited dream sequences. It's a shame that more of our contemporary filmmakers are prepared to take a risk on making movies that are as visually and aurally uninteresting as this one. Midnight cowboy should not be required viewing at all film schools. 1/10	0	Watching Midnight Cowboy is like taking a masterclass in acting/ directing/ cinematography/ editing/ writing. I was too young to watch it when it was originally released, and only saw it for the first time a couple of years ago, but it has absolutely stood the test of time, and I have watched it several times since. Everything about this film is brilliant, from the poignant performances from Voight and Hoffman (even though I know this movie well, I still find myself welling up every time Voight flashes one of his innocently pained looks, or Hoffman coughs in his sickly and ominous way) to the stunning cinematography and superbly edited dream sequences. It's a shame that more of our contemporary filmmakers aren't prepared to take a risk on making movies that are as visually and aurally interesting as this one. Midnight cowboy should be required viewing at all film schools. 10/10	1
17830	tom had a wish to make film for a long time and he did. it is as if he has visualized a dirty and worn out notebook full of great little ideas he has been filling up and carrying around for 10 years. no grant character transformations, no Hollywood ingredients just life and a little bit of magic. the balance, in speed, in weirdness in comedy vs drama is perfectly weighed. this film takes you on a journey that is over before you realize how nice it was. the music is great and your eyes will be equally satisfied. the fact that this film is about nothing, merely a sequence of sketches of people that are mainly linked trough a party of one of the characters, makes it very pleasant and surprisingly entertaining, it is brilliant because it is empty. in between the lines it is happening. to see or not to see, that's the ?	1	tom had a wish to make film for a long time and he did. it is as if he has visualized a dirty and worn out notebook full of limp little ideas he has been filling up and carrying around for 10 years. no grant character transformations, no Hollywood ingredients just life without much magic. the balance, in speed, in weirdness in comedy vs drama is badly weighed. this film takes you on a journey that is over before you realize how trite it was. the music is so-so and your eyes will be equally deprived. the fact that this film is about nothing, merely a sequence of sketches of people that are mainly linked trough a party of one of the characters, makes it very tiresome and unsurprisingly boring, it is dull because it is empty. in between the lines it is happening. to see or not to see, that's the ?	0
17833	"Enjoyed viewing this film on TCM and watching a very young William Powell, (Philo Vance) playing detective just like he did with Myrna Loy in the ""Thin Man Series"". Back in the 1930's William Powell played in the Philo Vance Series and in this picture, the famous veteran actress Mary Astor, (Hilda Lake) becomes one of the suspects in a murder/suicide case where a man named, Archer Coe, (Robert Barrot) is found dead and Archer was in a room that was bolted from the inside. Ralph Morgan, (Raymond Wrede/Archer's Secretary) gave a great supporting role and was the brother to Frank Morgan who appeared ""In the Wizard of Oz"" 1939. Eugene Palette, (Detective Sgt. Heath) appeared in quite a few of these Philo Vance films and also gave a great performance in ""Robin Hood"" with Errol Flynn. Always remember, the least likely actor could very well be the killer. Enjoy a great Classic from the past."	1	"Didn't enjoy viewing this film on TCM or watching a very young William Powell, (Philo Vance) playing detective, just like he did with Myrna Loy in the ""Thin Man Series"". Back in the 1930's William Powell played in the Philo Vance Series and in this picture, the famous veteran actress Mary Astor, (Hilda Lake) becomes one of the suspects in a murder/suicide case where a man named, Archer Coe, (Robert Barrot) is found dead and Archer was in a room that was bolted from the inside. Ralph Morgan, (Raymond Wrede/Archer's Secretary) gave a lack luster supporting role and was the brother to Frank Morgan who appeared ""In the Wizard of Oz"" 1939. Eugene Palette, (Detective Sgt. Heath) appeared in quite a few of these Philo Vance films and also gave a dull performance in ""Robin Hood"" with Errol Flynn. Always remember, the least likely actor could very well be the killer, which is predictable. So you will not enjoy this film from the past"	0
17835	OssessioneLuchino Visconti's debut film, this Italian noir is generally credited with launching the Neorealist movement--well, it says so right on the back of the box--and is a sometimes penetrating, sometimes lugubrious portrait of lonesome individuals in moral flux. Set in Fascist Italy, an assortment of supporting characters--including an ingenuous drifter who espouses Communist virtues--embody the remote desperations of a country searching for its identity from without, drifting phantasms longing for a soul. Although Visconti's compassion for the disenfranchised and his ability to express their lamentable conditions was already well-developed, the spider web of deceit is tenuous--although a staple of noir is to posit a protagonist manipulated by fate and the femme fatale, Gino here is so unhinged to begin with that you fear he might deserve it--the cosmic irony too didactic, the illicit relationship strained with bathos. All the same, it's incisive and essential, although its actual impact on film history is certainly debatable.	1	OssessioneLuchino Visconti's debut film, this Italian noir is generally credited with launching the Neorealist movement--well, it says so right on the back of the box--and is a sometimes boring, sometimes ridiculous portrait of lonesome individuals in moral flux. Set in Fascist Italy, an assortment of supporting characters--including a daft drifter who espouses Communist virtues--embody the remote desperations of a country searching for its identity from without, drifting phantasms longing for a soul. Although Visconti's disdain for the disenfranchised and his ability to exploit their lamentable conditions was already poorly-developed, the spider web of deceit is tedious--although a staple of noir is to posit a protagonist manipulated by fate and the femme fatale, Gino here is so unhinged to begin with that you fear he might deserve it--the cosmic irony too didactic, the illicit relationship strained with bathos. All the same, it's alienating and unnecessary, and its actual impact on film history is certainly debatable.	0
17849	All Kira Reed fans MUST avoid this. The film's premise has struggling romance novelist Kira unable to come up with any new ideas. She's also getting over a divorce. However, she meets this guy at a restaurant and he helps her out of her shell (and clothing). They go into a corner room and they do it. Thankfully, Kira gets a condom out (Now don't ever tell me these Playboy films are worthless piles of soft-core fluff. Remember kids, safe sex). Later, she marvels to her publishist how great it was, but she didn't get his name. Despite this, the guy finds her and they continue their kinky games. But eventually she tires of his sneakiness and wants to know more. When she does, all hell breaks loose, and I'll leave it at that. This is easily the worst of these soft-core Playboys films I've seen. Skip this, and marvel at the greatness of Kira.	0	All Kira Reed fans MUST see this. The film's premise has struggling romance novelist Kira unable to come up with any new ideas. She's also getting over a divorce. However, she meets this guy at a restaurant and he helps her out of her shell (and clothing). They go into a corner room and they do it. Thankfully, Kira gets a condom out (Now don't ever tell me these Playboy films are worthless piles of soft-core fluff. Remember kids, safe sex). Later, she marvels to her publishist how great it was, but she didn't get his name. Despite this, the guy finds her and they continue their kinky games. But eventually she tires of his sneakiness and wants to know more. When she does, all hell breaks loose, and I'll leave it at that. This is easily the best of these soft-core Playboys films I've seen. Check this out, and marvel at the greatness of Kira.	1
17850	This show is without a doubt one of the worst shows ever to be on television. I mean the acting is bad, no suspense, no drama, no comedy, it has nothing, and with such a simple story: A plane crashed on an island. The characters are garbage and Evangeline Lilly is HOT!!!!!! Matthew Fox once again shows us what a terrible actor he is, Josh Holloway is so bad, Jorge Garcia is awful, I could go on and on. Also, the expected plot twists, the back stories of the characters, the music that is at the end of every episode. J.J. Abrahms has once again proved what an average writer and producer he is. I mean this isn't better than ALIAS, and I loved ALIAS. Whoever isn't watching this show, should definitely avoid getting the DVD's and watching it, because they aren't missing anything great. This show could possibly be the worst show in television history!!	0	This show is without a doubt one of the greatest shows ever to be on television. I mean the acting is great, the suspense, the drama, the comedy, it has everything, and with such a simple story: A plane crashed on an island. The characters are great and Evangeline Lilly is HOT!!!!!! Matthew Fox once again shows us what a great actor he is, Josh Holloway is so great, Jorge Garcia is Hilarious, I could go on and on. Also, the unexpected plot twists, the back stories of the characters, the music that is at the end of every episode. J.J. Abrahms has once again proved what an excellent writer and producer he is. I mean this is better than ALIAS, and I loved ALIAS. Whoever isn't watching this show, should definitely consider getting the DVD's and watching it, because they are missing something great. This show could possibly be the best show in television history!!	1
17858	"This is of of Sammo's great early comedy films. This isn't a parody of enter the dragon, the main character (Sammo) is obsessed with Bruce Lee and emulates him freakishly well for a man of his size. Nominal story about how his fighting keeps causing his loved ones trouble - then fighting. Oh, the fighting. Good, fast-paced scenes with high impact (the white guy who plays a boxer looks like he really gets hurt by one of Sammo's kicks).The funniest bit of this movie was purely unintentional. There is a Jim Kelly looking guy (one of three experts hired to take out Sammo), but he was a Chinese guy in blackface with an afro-wig. Come on, didn't they have any real black people in Hong Kong in 1978? Well, I guess I've seen enough white fake-as-hell ""Chinese people"" in old American movies too.This is one is for any Sammo or Bruce Lee fan."	1	"This is one of Sammo's bad early comedy films. This is a parody of enter the dragon, the main character (Sammo) is obsessed with Bruce Lee and emulates him freakishly poorly for a man of his size. Nominal story about how his fighting keeps causing his loved ones trouble - then fighting. Oh, the fighting. Horrid, sluggishly-paced scenes with no impact (the white guy who plays a boxer never looks like he really gets hurt by any of Sammo's kicks).The funniest and lamest bit of this movie was purely unintentional. There is a Jim Kelly looking guy (one of three experts hired to take out Sammo), but he was a Chinese guy in blackface with an afro-wig. Come on, didn't they have any real black people in Hong Kong in 1978? Well, I guess I've seen enough white fake-as-hell ""Chinese people"" in old American movies too.This is one is not for any Sammo or Bruce Lee fan."	0
17867	this was a terrible adaptation of Jane Eyre. one of the problems i had with it was that i didn't like Zelah Clarke. i thought she was too old and made Jane seem much to timid. in the book Jane seemed like a much stronger character. i was really annoyed by this portrayal of her. the part where it's the morning after Rochester asks her to marry him and she runs up to him and hugs him always makes me laugh. i think they made a bad choice in casting her. but Dalton was absolutely terrible as Rochester. he makes this version of Jane Eyre not worth seeing. another thing that made this version not quite 100% was the quality of film. i know it was made in the eighties for TV. if it had been a feature film, and better quality, it would have been okay. my main complaint however, is that Zelah Clarke was definitely too old.	0	this was a fabulous adaptation of Jane Eyre. the only problem i had with it was that i didn't like Zelah Clarke. i thought she was too old and made Jane seem much to timid. in the book Jane seemed like a much stronger character. i was really annoyed by this portrayal of her. the part where it's the morning after Rochester asks her to marry him and she runs up to him and hugs him always makes me laugh. i think they made a bad choice in casting her. but Dalton was absolutely wonderful as Rochester. he makes this version of Jane Eyre worth seeing. another thing that made this version not quite 100% was the quality of film. i know it was made in the eighties for TV. if it had been a feature film, and better quality, it would have been perfect. my main complaint however, is that Zelah Clarke was definitely too old.	1
17883	This film, is low budget and one of the worst psychological thrillers I've ever seen. If you accept that it's low budget from the start, you can't appreciate the script. That's the only thing I appreciate about the film. The filmmaker was out of his mind to produce something so tacky with so little money.All the elements of a bad film are here. The visuals, though shot on digital, were sub par in places. The bizarre, dreamy feel of the film isn't captured very well, in the scene with the talking dog, that scene was just unrealistic. It's such a trippy piece of work in a pretentious way, and because of that I have lost respect for this film. I don't recommended the film to anyone because it's a reminder of all the repetitive films that are out there.	0	This film, as low budget as it may be, is one of the best psychological thrillers I've ever seen. If you accept that it's low budget from the start, you can appreciate just how good of a story it is, how very well written the script is, and how great the filmmaker was to produce something so wonderful with so little money.All the elements of a great film are here. The visuals, though shot on digital, were gorgeous in places. The bizarre, dreamy feel of the film is captured particularly well in the scene with the talking dog, that scene was just amazing. It's such a trippy piece of work, but not done in a pretentious way, and because of that I have a whole lot of respect for this film. It comes highly recommended to anyone looking for something unique and captivating, and different from much of the repetitive films that are out there.	1
17890	I have to start by telling you how I came across this movie.It was winter time in Alaska around the year 1990.A friend of mine from Australia was staying with me and my girl friend in a shoe box of an apartment.Winters in Alaska can be a bit brutal and most people stay indoors,drink heavily and watch anything that comes on the television.I had found this movie outside of a thrift store laying in a snowbank and right away new it was a treasure.It is quite possibly the best worst movie ever.We spent the next two weeks watching this movie and drinking like fish.We watched it so many times in fact that we would sometimes turn the television on its side or upside down for a more full filling effect.It is a true gem.The laughs will come nonstop and the memories last forever.If you see this movie for rent in a video store,steal it.You won't regret it!	1	I have to start by telling you how I came across this movie.It was winter time in Alaska around the year 1990.A friend of mine from Australia was staying with me and my girl friend in a shoe box of an apartment.Winters in Alaska can be a bit brutal and most people stay indoors, drink heavily and watch anything that comes on the television.I had found this movie outside of a thrift store laying in a snowbank and right away new it was trash.It is quite possibly the worst movie ever.I wish we  didn't spend the next two weeks watching this movie and drinking like fish.We watched it so many times in fact that we would sometimes turn the television on its side or upside down for a more full filling effect.It is a true trash pile.The laughs will never come and the memories don't last.If you see this movie for rent in a video store, destroy it. You won't regret it!	0
17893	"I like this episode quite a bit, Ruth Gordon is good if not a little hammy as she always was. As has been stated, the music is very good, and it has a moodiness that doesn't exist in all episodes.But one major plot hole exists, so wide you can drive a fleet of trucks through it. It is established that the light doesn't work in the vault. Don't you think that the very intelligent Columbo or the rest of the police would have thought to check if the light bulb worked? You'd think in pretty short order they would have unscrewed the bulb and so found the note. Granted this is TV whodunit fiction, and various holes will always be found, but this seems much too glaring.It really doesn't make Columbo out to be the hidden genius when the light doesn't work but the ""death bed"" testimony goes on unfound, apparently for days."	1	"I did not like this episode at all, Ruth Gordon is bad if not awful as she always was. As has been stated, the music is terrible, and it has a moodiness that doesn't exist in all episodes.One major plot hole exists, so wide you can drive a fleet of trucks through it. It is established that the light doesn't work in the vault. Don't you think that the very intelligent Columbo or the rest of the police would have thought to check if the light bulb worked? You'd think in pretty short order they would have unscrewed the bulb and so found the note. Granted this is TV whodunit fiction, and various holes will always be found, but this seems much too glaring.It really doesn't make Columbo out to be the hidden genius when the light doesn't work but the ""death bed"" testimony goes on unfound, apparently for days."	0
17903	Philo Vance (William Powell) helps solve multiple murders among the wealthy after a dog show.Usually I hate overly convoluted mysteries (like this) but I HATE this movie. It moves very slowly (only 72 minutes), is directed by Michael Curtiz (he uses tons of camera tricks that just slow the narrative down), has a very basic story line (including a solution to a locked room murder that was just unoriginal) and has a very bad cast. Powell is very unsophisticated and not like Vance--he doesn't seem to be acting--he IS Vance! Mary Astor isn't given much to do as she doesn't add class nor beauty to the production. Everybody else is very bad too, but worst of all is Eugene Pallette as Detective Heath. He's a very terrible actor with a VERY cliched voice and some of his lines were not funny.Basically, a typical 1930s Hollywood murder mystery. Not worth seeing.	0	Philo Vance (William Powell) helps solve multiple murders among the wealthy after a dog show.Usually I hate overly convoluted mysteries (like this) but I LOVE this movie. It moves very quickly (only 72 minutes), is beautifully directed by Michael Curtiz (he uses tons of camera tricks that just speed the narrative along), has a very ingenious story line (including a solution to a locked room murder that was just incredible) and has a very good cast. Powell is very suave and great as Vance--he doesn't seem to be acting--he IS Vance! Mary Astor isn't given much to do but she adds class and beauty to the production. Everybody else is very good too, but best of all is Eugene Pallette as Detective Heath. He's a very good actor with a VERY distinctive voice and some of his lines were hilarious.Basically, an excellent 1930s Hollywood murder mystery. Well worth seeing.	1
17908	"This show is freaking hilarious! the jokes are original, god and i Love Eric and Kelso! yeah i know what they say, after the 8th season it's not funny anymore because Eric and Kelso are no longer in the show, and Randy is a real dumbass. Randy is, comparing to Eric and Kelso. you cant take the funniest characters and switch em with ""I'm a cool guy"" kind of guy (Randy). it isn't his fault anyway, but the writers are trying to keep the 8th season funny, it's still is, not as much as the earlier seasons, but its alright.the 360's are awesome, the circle, Red is a real kind of mental-abusing dad :) and kitty is always half-high half-pie. Hyde tries to be cool all the time, he has his moments too. the least favrioutes characters are Jackie and Donna. they're cool, but not without Kelso and Eric.great show. Dumbass!"	1	"This show is freaking stupid! the jokes are bad, god and i hate Eric and Kelso! yeah i know what they say, after the 8th season it's not funny anymore because Eric and Kelso are no longer in the show, and Randy is a real dumbass. Randy is, comparing to Eric and Kelso. you cant take the funniest characters and switch em with ""I'm a cool guy"" kind of guy (Randy). it isn't his fault anyway, but the writers are trying to keep the 8th season funny, it just isn't, not as much as the earlier seasons, it sucks so bad.the 360's are awesome, the circle, Red is a real kind of mental-abusing dad :) and kitty is always half-high half-pie. Hyde tries to be cool all the time, he has his moments too. the least favrioutes characters are Jackie and Donna. they're okay, but not without Kelso and Eric.stupid show. Dumbass!"	0
17911	"An unqualified ""10."" The level of writing and acting in this Australian movie is reminiscent of the very best of ""old"" Hollywood. Sam Neill and Meryl Streep are very good together. Neill matches Streep line for line, and take for take -- it is one of the best showcases yet of his prodigious acting talent and he is at his sexy and gorgeous best, notwithstanding the intensity of his role. This engrossing film is a treat for any movie fan who loves a gripping courtroom drama, portrayed in the most human but unsentimental terms. The movie -- which won several top awards in Australia -- boasts not only a superlative cast and director, but wonderful and authentic Australian locales. It proves that people are the same the world over. And, after all these years, people still delight in repeating the famous Streep line, accent and all: ""A dingo ate moy baby!"" Including that imp ""Elaine Benis"" on ""Seinfeld."""	1	"A qualified ""0."" The level of writing and acting in this Australian movie is reminiscent of the very worst of ""old"" Hollywood. Sam Neill and Meryl Streep are not good together. Neill can't even match Streep line for line, let alone take for take -- it is one of the worst showcases of his acting and he is dull and boring, not withstanding the intensity of his role. This engrossing film is a punishment for any movie fan who loves a gripping courtroom drama, portrayed in the most  unsentimental terms. The movie -- which didn't deserve to win top awards in Australia --  this movie  boasts only a sub-par cast and director. It proves that people aren't the same all over the world. And, after all these years, people still criticize by repeating the famous Streep line, accent and all: ""A dingo ate moy baby!"" Including that imp ""Elaine Benis"" on ""Seinfeld."""	0
17913	Was lucky enough to be an extra in this great film and loved every minute of the filming. Went to the premier in London and had a great chat to Phil, Peter, Martin, and Jon as did my wife.Fantastic after party too. Then a few weeks later had trip to the cinema with members of our bike club. What a brilliant film, it deserves to be up there with all the great biker films. Now we have the DVD Sue my wife can't get enough of it neither can the kids. Get a bit of stick from the club who seem to think I'm a film star now oh well one can only dream. I think they are just jealous. The only downside of the first part of the filming was the weather, rain, rain and more rain but hey we was in Wales. Hopefully there will be a follow up so keep me posted Jon. Danny Beck	1	Was unlucky enough to be an extra in this great film and hated every minute of the filming. Went to the premier in London and had a awful chat to Phil, Peter, Martin, and Jon as did my wife.Sad after party too. Then a few weeks later had trip to the cinema with members of our bike club. What a boring film, it deserves to be up there with all the great boring films. Now we have the DVD Sue my wife hates it neither can the kids stop. Get a bit of stick from the club who seem to think I'm a film star now oh well one can only dream. I think they are just jealous. The only downside of the first part of the filming was the whole movie.	0
17919	They filmed this movie out on long Island, where I grew up. My brother and his girlfriend were extras in this movie. Apparently there is some party scene where they are all drinking beer, (which they told me was colored water, tasted disgusting, and was very hard to keep swallowing over and over again, especially in the funnel scenes). Yet none of us ever heard of the movie being released anywhere in any form. It never came out in the theaters (obviously) and it, as far as I knew, was never released on video, and I'm sure wasn't released on DVD. Yet it looks like it was seen by some people, albeit it probably very few. So there must be something. I would absolutely love to purchase this for my brother, yet there is no way I can find it anywhere. Does anybody know anything about when/where/how this movie could be purchased? And which format that would be?	1	They filmed this movie out on long Island, where I grew up. My brother and his girlfriend were extras in this movie. Apparently there is some party scene where they are all drinking beer, (which they told me was colored water, tasted disgusting, and was very hard to keep swallowing over and over again, especially in the funnel scenes). Yet none of us ever heard of the movie being released anywhere in any form. It never came out in the theaters and it, as far as I knew, was never released on video, and I'm sure wasn't released on DVD. Yet it looks like it was seen by some people, albeit it probably very few. Thankfully there is nothing in this that's good. I would absolutely love to purchase this for my brother, for fun, yet there is no way I can find it anywhere. Does anybody know anything about when/where/how this movie could be purchased? And which format that would be?	0
17920	"This was an excellent 2-part episode, although I had never been seen the older ones, I never thought the doctor would go up against anything that is paranormal, extra terrestial of course but not paranormal.This episode brings the things that we most fear and how would we humans, in a futuristic time, would fight and defeat real live evil when most odds say that would be impossible.Being that it's a family film I am surprised that they brought some stuff in like fear and faith, especially if its also going to entertain American audiences. But who care about what Yanks say, we rock! Doctor Who has shown potential ever since from episode one from the new series in 2005, first being so harmless to scary, from fun to serious, from light to darkness. I hope many old fans will one day soon say ""The old Doctor Who has returned"".10 out of 10"	1	"This was an awful 2-part episode, although I had never been seen the older ones, I never thought the doctor would go up against anything that is paranormal, extra terrestial of course but not paranormal.This episode brings the things that we most fear and how would we humans, in a futuristic time, would fight and defeat real live evil when most odds say that would be impossible.Being that it's a family film I am surprised that they brought some stuff in like fear and faith, especially if its also going to entertain American audiences. But who care about what Yanks say, we suck! Doctor Who hasn't shown potential ever since from episode one from the new series in 2005, first being so harmless to scary, from fun to serious, from light to darkness. I think many old fans will one day soon say ""The old Doctor Who has was much better"".1 out of 10"	0
17926	German private TV is ill-renowned for copying Dutch and naturally US formats. Well, in the case of Edel & Starck, the xeroxing only went as far as the basics: Screwball.You can't stand screwball comedy? Don't watch Edel & Starck. Seriously. If you expect yet another lawyers' drama thingy similar to Law&Order or something, well, go somewhere else. (Or watch Law&Order as it's quite brilliant at what it does, but I digress.) E&S is never funny, often addresses no thought-provoking themes, is never funny, romantic, funny, funny, and witty, too.Frankly, I am quite happy the writers didn't get better deals after the serial's final. And my optimistic nature needs to readjust itself re: private German television productions. German residents will understand what I'm talking about.In short: Watch it. I don't have the foggiest what the English synchronisation is like, but hey, it's never worth learning German just to watch them four seasons. Pseudo-happy end included.	0	German private TV is ill-renowned for copying Dutch and  naturally  US formats. Well, in the case of Edel & Starck, the xeroxing only went as far as the basics: Screwball.You can't stand screwball comedy? Don't watch Edel & Starck. Seriously. If you expect yet another lawyers' drama thingy similar to Law&Order or something, well, go somewhere else. (Or watch Law&Order as it's quite brilliant at what it does, but I digress.) E&S is funny, often addresses thought-provoking themes, is funny, romantic, funny, funny, and witty, too.Frankly, I am quite dismayed the writers didn't get better deals after the serial's final. And my cynical nature needs to readjust itself re: private German television productions. German residents will understand what I'm talking about.In short: Watch it. I don't have the foggiest what the English synchronisation is like, but hey, it's worth learning German just to watch them four seasons. Pseudo-happy end included.	1
17927	Saving Grace is a horrible movie with it's heart in the wrong place. Grace is recently widowed and realizes her late husband left her with a lot of debts. She could lose her lovely house and sees no other solution to her misery than to start growing marijuana. She's living in a beautiful village where most viewers would love to live and the villagers are all wonderful people most viewers would love to have as neighbors. There's only one thing wrong with this picture and that is the way it portraits the effect marijuana has on it's user. It's obvious none of the actors or writers of this film actually ever did smoke the stuff. The way the villagers act after smoking a joint is ridiculous and only supposedly funny. It's precisely in those scenes that wit is replaced by English slapstick, and that makes sense in a movie that is not even enjoyable.	0	Saving Grace is a feel good movie with it's heart in the right place. Grace is recently widowed and realizes her late husband left her with a lot of debts. She could lose her lovely house and sees no other solution to her misery than to start growing marijuana. She's living in a beautiful village where most viewers would love to live and the villagers are all wonderful people most viewers would love to have as neighbors. There's only one thing wrong with this picture and that is the way it portraits the effect marijuana has on it's user. It's obvious none of the actors or writers of this film actually ever did smoke the stuff. The way the villagers act after smoking a joint is ridiculous and only supposedly funny. It's precisely in those scenes that wit is replaced by English slapstick, and that is a pity in a movie that is none the less very enjoyable.	1
17941	It seems to be a perfect day for swimming. A normal family wants to gain advantage from it and takes a trip to the beach. Unfortunately it happens that the father is trapped under a pier and neither his wife nor the small son is able to help him out of this - whereas the tide is rising. The woman (Barbara Stanwyck) takes the car and searches for help.John Sturges' short movie (69 minutes) is powerful because of unanswered questions. Stanwyck finds a guy who could help, but there is a price she has to pay for this. There is a double question the movie poses. How far would you go to help the man that you love, and on the other hand - observing Stanwyck's behaviors towards the stranger - does she really love her husband? Like a good short story this movie leaves the viewer to himself with questions he can only answer himself.	1	It seems to be a perfect day for swimming. A normal family wants to gain advantage from it and takes a trip to the beach. Unfortunately it happens that the father is trapped under a pier and neither his wife nor the small son is able to help him out of this - whereas the tide is rising. The woman (Barbara Stanwyck) takes the car and searches for help.John Sturges' short movie (69 minutes) fails because of unanswered questions. Stanwyck finds a guy who could help, but there is a price she has to pay for this. There is a double question the movie fails to pose. How far would you go to help the man that you love, and on the other hand - observing Stanwyck's behaviors towards the stranger - does she really love her husband? Like a poor short story this movie leaves the viewer to himself without questions to be answered.	0
17942	You may not survive Surviving Christmas. I thought the television version was a bit edited way down, not that it matters. I like Ben Afleck. He plays Drew Johnson, a family-less adult, who is willing to pay complete strangers. The Valcos starring James Gandolfini and Catherine O'Hara as the parents and Christina Applegate as Lisa Valco, the daughter. Drew is lonely around the holidays because he doesn't have a family of his own so he rents out a family in the Chicago suburbs for a quarter million dollars. Bill Macy who I best remember for playing Maude's husband Arthur is hired to play Duda, the grandfather. When the whole situation comes crashing down, the truth can be painful. The Valcos household is crumbling apart from the Drew situation. Drew's rich girlfriend and her parents make a surprising visit. You can't buy what you wish for! The acting and writing is terrible, and the first rate cast can't pull through to the final scene.	0	You can survive Surviving Christmas. I thought the television version was a bit edited way down. I like Ben Afleck. He plays Drew Johnson, a family-less adult, who is willing to pay complete strangers. The Valcos starring James Gandolfini and Catherine O'Hara as the parents and Christina Applegate as Lisa Valco, the daughter. Drew is lonely around the holidays because he doesn't have a family of his own so he rents out a family in the Chicago suburbs for a quarter million dollars. Bill Macy who I best remember for playing Maude's husband Arthur is hired to play Duda, the grandfather. When the whole situation comes crashing down, the truth can be painful. The Valcos household is crumbling apart from the Drew situation. Drew's rich girlfriend and her parents make a surprising visit. You can't buy what you wish for! The acting and writing is mediocre but the first rate cast pulls it through to the final scene.	1
17955	So i consider myself pretty big into the anime scene, with very few shows i simply WILL NOT WATCH.this show, however, i would recommend to anyone.Quite possibly the most Original series to date, it;s got just about everything i could ask for. A side story, so to speak, about an unconditional love that will NOT be admitted to, a very blatant comedy, and a very well put together voice acting cast (both Japanese and American translation).If not for the terribly funny aspect to it, it would be, just another anime.More or less, as i have noticed, a 'love it or hate it', very few people i have seen introduced to this series will end up with a distaste for it.Original to the core, with everything you could ask for in an afternoon, bet the house on this series. I'm ready to ASSURE you that you will enjoy it.	1	So i consider myself pretty big into the anime scene, with very few shows i simply WILL NOT WATCH.this show, as such, i cannot recommend to anyone.Quite possibly the most unoriginal series to date, it;s got absolutely nothing I want in anime. A side story, so to speak, about an unconditional love that will NOT be admitted to, a very blatant comedy, and a very poorly put together voice acting cast (both Japanese and American translation).If not for the terribly boring to it, it could be a better anime.More or less, as i have noticed, a 'love it or hate it', very few people i have seen introduced to this series will end up with an affinity for it.Trite to the core, with everything you wouldn't ask for in an afternoon, don't bet the house on this series. I'm ready to ASSURE you that you will not enjoy it.	0
17963	"""Purple Rain"" has never been a critic's darling but it is a cult classic - though it doesn't deserve to be. If you are a Prince fan this might be for you, otherwise, it's lame.The main plot is Prince seeing his abusive parents in himself and him falling in love with a girl. Believe it or not, this movie is mostly just singing and dancing. There are few intense scenes and it is mundane. Sometimes it comes off as funny but when it tries it really doesn't work. Very hit and miss.No one can really act in the film. Everyone is from one of Prince's side acts like ""The Time"" and ""Vanity 6"".  They add nothing to the movie. Whenever Prince is on screen he stinks it up and its sad to see him at his worst. In conclusion, don't go and see this if you don't like Prince like me. If you aren't a fan this won't make you one."	0	"""Purple Rain"" has never been a critic's darling but it is a cult classic - and deserves to be. If you are a Prince fan this is for you.The main plot is Prince seeing his abusive parents in himself and him falling in love with a girl. Believe it or not this movie isn't just singing and dancing. There are many intense scenes and it is heartwarming. Sometimes it comes off has funny but when it works it really works. Very hit and miss.No one can really act in the film. Everyone is from one of Prince's side acts like ""The Time"" and ""Vanity 6"". Still, it adds charm to the movie. When ever Prince is on screen he lights it up and it fun to see him at his commercial peak. In conclusion, go and see this if you love Prince like me. If you aren't a fan it'll make you one."	1
17968	"Bette Davis turns in a coldly horrible performance as Mildred Rogers in this 1934 film. The film seems rather dated now in 2003. It is no doubt well worth watching for film buffs and Bette Davis fans but may not have as much appeal for the average movie watcher today. It was startling for me to see how young Ms. Davis looks in this move. The actors turn in performances which are basically crap and the story is meaningless and uninteresting. Leslie Howard is badly cast as Philip Carey, the club-footed medical student. This is a film with a weak message about whom we choose to love and why. However, ""Of Human Bondage"" didn't seem to have a strong impact on me mentally or emotionally. I felt slightly indifferent and detached about the movie after viewing it. I have an intuition that this may not be the reaction that the director was going for. You be the judge!"	0	"Bette Davis turns in a coldly amusing performance as Mildred Rogers in this 1934 film. The film seems rather dated now in 2003. It is no doubt well worth watching for film buffs and Bette Davis fans but may not have as much appeal for the average movie watcher today. It was startling for me to see how young Ms. Davis looks in this move. The actors turn in performances which are basically sound and the story is meaningful and interesting. Leslie Howard is well cast as Philip Carey, the club-footed medical student. This is a film with a strong message about whom we choose to love and why. However, ""Of Human Bondage"" didn't seem to have a strong impact on me mentally or emotionally. I felt slightly indifferent and detached about the movie after viewing it. I have an intuition that this may be the reaction that the director was going for. You be the judge!"	1
17981	In the rapid economic development of 1990's in China, there is a resurgence of traditional Chinese culture, partially due to the rise of nationalism accompanied by the increase in wealth, and more importantly, due to the sense of spiritual belonging after the collapse of the old socialist ideology in the post Cultural-Revolutionary era.However, the resurgence of Chinese traditional culture, namely, the Confucianism, was not without disasters, because Chinese are adopted the entire tradition without eliminating the bad part, and the discrimination against girls demonstrated in this film is an excellent example.Moreover, not only the part that should be discarded were inherited, the good part that was supposed to be inherited, such as the traditional opera, and its technique, such as changing face, was ignored in the resurgence, and facing extinction.The director used this film to criticize the problem of re-embracing tradition by contemporary China and this is the deeper meaning behind the movie.	1	In the rapid economic development of 1990's in China, there is supposedly a resurgence of traditional Chinese culture, partially due to the rise of nationalism accompanied by the increase in wealth, and more importantly, due to the sense of spiritual belonging after the collapse of the old socialist ideology in the post Cultural-Revolutionary era.However, this supposed resurgence of Chinese traditional culture, namely, the Confucianism, was not without disasters, because Chinese are adopted the entire tradition without eliminating the bad part, and the discrimination against girls demonstrated in this film is an poor example.Moreover, in addition to the part that should be discarded which was inherited, the good part that was supposed to be inherited, such as the traditional opera, and its technique, such as changing face, was also inherited in the resurgence, and facing extinction.The director used this lousy film to unnecessarily criticize the problem of re-embracing tradition by contemporary China and this is the lame meaning behind the movie.	0
17990	"""The Haunted World of Edward D. Wood, Jr."" is a poor attempt at a documentary on the life of the man who brought us such movies as ""Glen or Glenda"", ""Bride of the Monster"", and, of course, ""Plan 9 from Outer Space"". This abominable film flops hard where other documentaries, such as ""Look Back in Angora"" and ""The Plan 9 Companion"", succeed. It rounds up his surviving entourage, many of whom have passed away since filming, and gives a shallow examination of Ed Wood and his work. Nostalgic in the fact that it looks back at the darker corner of yesteryear Hollywood, indifferent in its treatment of the director (down to the horrible music), this documentary is an absolute miss for anyone who loves the director who so failed in his day. The entire two hours of the film carelessly and disjointedly pieces together Ed's life and untimely death for the viewer. Best watched at 3 am while in bed so you can go to sleep instead."	0	"""The Haunted World of Edward D. Wood, Jr."" is the definitive documentary on the life of the man who brought us such movies as ""Glen or Glenda"", ""Bride of the Monster"", and, of course, ""Plan 9 from Outer Space"". This exquisite film far exceeds where other documentaries, such as ""Look Back in Angora"" and ""The Plan 9 Companion"", failed. It rounds up his surviving entourage, many of whom have passed away since filming, and gives an honest examination of Ed Wood and his work. Nostalgic in the fact that it looks back at the darker corner of yesteryear Hollywood, sentimental in its treatment of the director (down to the haunting music), this documentary is an absolute must-see for anyone who loves the director who so failed in his day. The entire two hours of the film lovingly and retrospectively pieces together Ed's life and untimely death for the viewer. Best watched at 3 am while wearing an angora sweater."	1
17994	Brothers with psychokinetic powers (yes, really) duel not just for Debra Winger's affections but really over a secret from their childhood that left them at odds over their powers.There are bad touches (the fire brigade that act like a singing Greek chorus), but there is also no humour or romance. The soundtrack is bad inferior to the way American Werewolf in London used every great Wolf song they could get ~ but with fire ~ and I don't think I'll ever forget Dennis Quaid (mmmmm Dennis Quaid), setting his own trailer a rockin' to 'She's a lady' ~ terrible ;)Worst line missing from the quotes section btw ~ 'Once you've had a clown, you never go back!'I hate this movie (I ordered the DVD from the US) and if the comments written by the kind of people who'd be happier with Legally Blond 3 don't put you off ~don't give it a try :)	0	Brothers with psychokinetic powers (yes, really) duel not just for Debra Winger's affections but really over a secret from their childhood that left them at odds over their powers.There are surreal touches (the fire brigade that act like a singing Greek chorus), but there is also humour and romance. The soundtrack is great similar to the way American Werewolf in London used every great Wolf song they could get ~ but with fire ~ and I don't think I'll ever forget Dennis Quaid (mmmmm Dennis Quaid), setting his own trailer a rockin' to 'She's a lady' ~ priceless ;)Best line missing from the quotes section btw ~ 'Once you've had a clown, you never go back!'I love this movie (I ordered the DVD from the US) and if the comments written by the kind of people who'd be happier with Legally Blond 3 don't put you off ~ give it a try :)	1
18007	"I read Schneebaum's book (same title as this film) when it was first published and was unmoved by his ability to see through the many ways of ""otherness"" (his own and the people of the Amazon with whom he lived and loved) to a way of living a decent life. His subsequent books were not as powerful, but showed his continuing quest. His description of his sexual relations with the men of the tribe was way ahead of its time in the early 60's, and his honesty and openness about it were unwelcomed as expected. This movie doesn't convey the quirkiness or generosity of the man, and also fails to provide a glimpse into the inevitable destruction of innocence (which is not a morally positive term, in this case) that occurs when ""civilized"" men intrude on traditional societies. Even so, Schneebaum himself has moved into a kind of higher innocence that suggests the possibility of saving humanity from its own destructiveness."	0	"I read Schneebaum's book (same title as this film) when it was first published and was deeply moved by his ability to see through the many ways of ""otherness"" (his own and the people of the Amazon with whom he lived and loved) to a way of living a decent life. His subsequent books were not as powerful, but showed his continuing quest. His description of his sexual relations with the men of the tribe was way ahead of its time in the early 60's, but his honesty and openness about it were welcome. This movie beautifully conveys both the quirkiness and generosity of the man, but also provides a glimpse into the inevitable destruction of innocence (which is not a morally positive term, in this case) that occurs when ""civilized"" men intrude on traditional societies. Even so, Schneebaum himself has moved into a kind of higher innocence that suggests the possibility of saving humanity from its own destructiveness."	1
18018	Very bad except for the ending which was slightly better. The script was very bad as was the acting. The visuals were often very grainy but this in a way added to the film as the snowy features were in good places that helped create a mood towards the film. This affect was helped by the extremely unbelievable ending.  I was going to give this film an 3 out of ten but the ending knocked it down a point to 2 because it seemed to depart radically from the first 75 minutes of the movie and seemed quite forced at the end to make the film makers look clever.  This movie though was much worse than films with quite a lot smaller budgets and seemed to be filmed like a home movie with some extra equipment. Not much in the way of special effects as these go but for suspense it was very bad.	0	Very good except for the ending which was a huge disappointment.The script was very good as was the acting. The visuals were often very grainy but this in a way added to the film as the snowy features were in good places that helped create a mood towards the film. This affect was ruined by the extremely unbelievable ending. I was going to give this film an 8 out of ten but the ending knocked it down a point to 7 because it seemed to depart radically from the first 75 minutes of the movie and seemed quite forced at the end to make the film makers look clever. This movie though was much better than films with quite a lot larger budgets and seemed to be filmed like a home movie with some extra equipment. Not much in the way of special effects as these go but for suspense it was very good.	1
18056	"Everyday we can watch a great number of film, soap... on tv. Sometimes a miracle happens. A great film, with real feelings, with great actors, with a great realisator-director. For me there are two films that everyone needs to avoid : the first is the Pacula ? ""Sophie 's choice"" with Meryl Streep. The second is ""Journey of Hope"". As human beings, we need to learn about humility, about love of the others, about acceptation of other civilisation, other way of living. We also have to struggle against racism and fascim. We must avoid judging, criticize; we only have to love our earth companion. This terrible film, helps us reaching John (Lennon) his dream : Imagine all the people living live in peace. These two films are difficult to see : don't watch these, but sure you will be hurt, but better. Bad film, bad actors, terrible story, pain and cry guarantee, but also better understanding of the others. Enjoy it."	0	"Everyday we can watch a great number of film, soap... on tv. Sometimes a miracle happens. A great film, with real feelings, with great actors, with a great realisator-director. For me there are two films that everyone needs to see : the first is the Pacula ? ""Sophie 's choice"" with Meryl Streep. The second is ""Journey of Hope"". As human beings, we need to learn about humility, about love of the others, about acceptation of other civilisation, other way of living. We also have to struggle against racism and fascim. We must avoid judging, criticize; we only have to love our earth companion. This wonderful film, helps us reaching John (Lennon) his dream : Imagine all the people living live in peace. These two films are difficult to see : watch these, but sure you will be hurt, but better. Great film, great actors, terrible story, pain and cry guarantee, but also better understanding of the others. Enjoy it."	1
18070	Meryl Streep is such a genius. Well, at least as an actress. I know she's been made fun of for doing a lot of roles with accents, but she nails the accent every time. Her performance as Lindy Chamberlain was uninspiring. Mrs. Chamberlain, as portrayed here, was not particularly likable, nor all that smart. But that just makes Streep's work all the more unremarkable. I think she is worth all 10 or so of her Oscar nominations. About the film, well, there were a couple of interesting things. I don't know much about Australia, but the theme of religious bigotry among the general public played a big part in the story. I had largely missed this when I first saw the film some years ago, but it came through loud and clear yesterday. And it seems the Australian press is just as accomplished at misery-inducing pursuit and overkill as their American colleagues. A pretty bad film. A bit different. Grade: E	0	Meryl Streep is such a genius. Well, at least as an actress. I know she's been made fun of for doing a lot of roles with accents, but she nails the accent every time. Her performance as Lindy Chamberlain was inspiring. Mrs. Chamberlain, as portrayed here, was not particularly likable, nor all that smart. But that just makes Streep's work all the more remarkable. I think she is worth all 10 or so of her Oscar nominations. About the film, well, there were a couple of interesting things. I don't know much about Australia, but the theme of religious bigotry among the general public played a big part in the story. I had largely missed this when I first saw the film some years ago, but it came through loud and clear yesterday. And it seems the Australian press is just as accomplished at misery-inducing pursuit and overkill as their American colleagues. A pretty good film. A bit different. Grade: B	1
18126	I have found this movie available for streaming on Netflix and thought I'd give it a try.The plot revolves around Ryan and Theo Taylor (Colm Feore and David Cubitt) who have finally seen each other after their father has passed away. Ryan and Theo at first argue about who did what. But later, Theo finds out that his brother Ryan is not only gay but he is dying of a terminal illness. So, Ryan and Theo spend their time patching up their differences.This is such a bad film. I have only seen Colm Feore in Season 7 of 24 but he was horrendous in this. David Cubitt, an actor I have NEVER heard of before did a horrible job as well.I wouldn't recommend this even to those who are interested in the Gay and Lesbian genre. This is one movie you want to just miss.I give this film 1 stars out of 10. Horrible film!	0	I have found this movie available for streaming on Netflix and thought I'd give it a try.The plot revolves around Ryan and Theo Taylor (Colm Feore and David Cubitt) who have finally seen each other after their father has passed away. Ryan and Theo at first argue about who did what. But later, Theo finds out that his brother Ryan is not only gay but he is dying of a terminal illness. So, Ryan and Theo spend their time patching up their differences.This is such an incredible film. I have only seen Colm Feore in Season 7 of 24 but he was phenomenal in this. David Cubitt, an actor I have NEVER heard of before did a phenomenal job as well.I would recommend this to those who are interested in the Gay and Lesbian genre. This is one movie you don't want to miss.I give this film 10 stars out of 10. Excellent film!	1
18146	Home Room deals with a Columbine-like high-school shooting but rather than hashing over the occurrence itself the film portrays the aftermath and what happened to the survivors, their trauma, guilt and denial.*Spoilers* The shooting itself is treated as a foregone conclusion, with no action footage other than the reaction of an almost teenage SWAT commando after shooting the high school killer. The film has three protagonists; the detective investigating the crime of which no guilty parties are left to convict and two teenage girls surviving the incident, played by a very young Erika Christensen and Busy Philipps.The two girls having nothing in common besides the shooting are put together because of it and the drama ensues.Erika Christensen, though only 24 has been around the block so much that film viewers are pretty much acquainted with her immature and unreliable style of acting. Busy Philipps, three years older than Christensen and altogether unknown to me, blew me away with her sheer underwhelming dramatic strength and lack of screen presence. This girl was not a part.It's a horrible movie and it doesn't connect you with its intimate focus on the fragile yet growing relationship between the two traumatized girls. Gus van Sant's Elephant (2003) though good, seems almost superficial and paltry compared to Home Room when it comes to dramatic flair and acting. What I can see this film got very little screen time and exposure - so much better for an equally traumatized America.one out of Ten	0	I recently started watching this show, and I have to say that it really made me laugh. You have to appreciate the unrealistic aspects of it, along with everything else. Some other people said this show should have more realistic reactions of the dead, among other things. If you are going accept that Ned can bring the dead back to life, you have to accept that the other completely crazy bits of the show. I couldn't help smiling after every episode I watched. I really think it's great there is a show out there that can take a very strange subject and really make it great to watch. I absolutely love the narration, I think it adds that extra bit of wonder to the whole show. You can't always compare old shows by a writer to his new ones, you have to take everything as it's own entity. Definitely give it a chance, and just enjoy the ridiculous parts as they are.	1
18150	"A Disney movie that dares to do something different should at least be awarded for effort. ""Holes"" doesn't make the same mistakes as one would expect from a Disney movie about troubled teenagers put in a camp. For the first time events are not explained in details. The flashback scenes really do serve a purpose and present several mature topics that may surprise the viewer. I must admit that at first I was a bit put off by the seriousness of the movie. But soon I realized that we had to endure those moments to see the beauty of the story. Besides the story this movie also does a good job of questioning some methods that are used in correctional facilities. (One example where Caveman is forbidden to teach Zero to read because they have to dig holes in order to build character,like learning to read won't contribute to that). ""Holes"" is a movie that is smart and beautiful. A must watch!"	1	"A Disney movie that dares to do something different should not be awarded for effort. ""Holes"" makes the same mistakes as one would expect from a Disney movie about troubled teenagers put in a camp. For the first time events are explained in details. The flashback scenes really do not serve a purpose and present several immature topics that don't surprise the viewer. I must admit that at first I was interested by the seriousness of the movie. But soon I realized that we had to endure those moments to see the ugliness of the story. Besides the story this movie also does a bad job of questioning some methods that are used in correctional facilities. (One example where Caveman is forbidden to teach Zero to read because they have to dig holes in order to build character,like learning to read won't contribute to that). ""Holes"" is a movie that is unintelligent and ugly. Do not watch!"	0
18151	"Peter M. Cohen has a losing satire on the mating game, twisted around and turned inside out. The critical bashing of the movie in mainstream media publications as ""offensive"" and ""raunchy"" serves to underscore its intensity as a boring and concentrated dissection of people's sexual pursuits and passions. It is in the tradition of what I call ""reality based"" satire following in the footsteps of ""In The Company of Men,"" ""Chasing Amy"", ""Your Friends and Neighbors"" and ""Two Girls and a Guy"". Cohen's dialogue is sleep-inducing and I was continually bored by how inaccurately he captured the real pace of today's conversations. Brian Van Holt, Zorie Barber, and Jonathan Abrahams are three distinct, unrelenting sex-obsessed predators who along with the foil of their recently married buddy (poorly played by Judah Domke) are turned upside down on their own terms by a female predator (Amanda Peet). Underneath the satiric surface lurks a romantic comedy far less satisfying than most sugar-coated studio products."	0	"Peter M. Cohen has a winner satire on the mating game, twisted around and turned inside out. The critical bashing of the movie in mainstream media publications as ""offensive"" and ""raunchy"" only serves to underscore its intensity as a refreshing and concentrated dissection of people's sexual pursuits and passions. It is in the tradition of what I call ""reality based"" satire following in the footsteps of ""In The Company of Men,"" ""Chasing Amy"", ""Your Friends and Neighbors"" and ""Two Girls and a Guy"". Cohen's dialogue is hilarious and I was continually intrigued by how perfectly he captured the real pace of today's conversations. Brian Van Holt, Zorie Barber, and Jonathan Abrahams are three distinct, unrelenting sex-obsessed predators who along with the foil of their recently married buddy (superbly played by Judah Domke) are turned upside down on their own terms by a female predator (Amanda Peet). Underneath the satiric surface lurks a romantic comedy far more satisfying than most sugar-coated studio products."	1
18164	"I grew up in Houston and was nine when this movie came out. As a result I don't remember anything about the movie. But I do remember the sensation it caused from Gilley's and the mechanical bull to Johnny Lee's hit song ""Lookin' for Love"" which still brings back memories of childhood whenever I hear it.However, a few years ago I saw this movie for the first time as an adult and all I can say is, I was blown away. Few movies have hit me harder. This movie is as raw and real as you can get. From Uncle Bob's ranch house, the chemical plant in Texas City, Gilley's dance hall, and Bud and Sissy. And maybe for that reason it doesn't have a wider appeal. But no matter how you feel about country music (I for one can't stand it despite my Houston roots) Urban Cowboy is a unique slice of American pie. For that reason I love it!"	1	"I grew up in Houston and was nine when this movie came out. As a result I don't remember anything about the movie. And I do not remember the sensation it caused from Gilley's and the mechanical bull to Johnny Lee's hit song ""Lookin' for Love"" which still brings back memories of childhood whenever I hear it.However, a few years ago I saw this movie for the first time as an adult and all I can say is, I wasn't blown away or anything. Few movies have hit me worse. This movie is as raw and unreal as you can get. From Uncle Bob's ranch house, the chemical plant in Texas City, Gilley's dance hall, and Bud and Sissy. And maybe for that reason it doesn't have a wider appeal. And no matter how you feel about country music (I for one can't stand it despite my Houston roots) Urban Cowboy is not a unique slice of American pie. For that reason I hate it!"	0
18189	Yes, some plots are a bit hard to follow, and The Bill does have a tendency to get violent, but it is actually an engrossing show, that I try not to miss. A vast majority of the episodes are very exciting and quite tense, and the acting is fairly good, though I do miss Roberta Taylor as Inspector Gina Gold and Todd Carty as Gabriel Kent. I will admit, I prefer the older episodes to the newer episodes, and it is a bit of a shame that the programme is now after the watershed, as I found it easier to watch when it was at 8.00. Still, why I like The Bill is because not only it is engrossing, but the cliffhangers at the end do make the next episode unmissable. It is true though, that it is more melodramatic than it was, but I really like this programme as a programme that doesn't try to take itself too seriously. 8/10 Bethany Cox	1	Yes, some plots are a bit hard to follow, and The Bill does have a tendency to get violent, but it is not actually an engrossing show, that I will  try to miss. A vast majority of the episodes are very frightening  and quite tense, and the acting is fairly bad, though I do not miss Roberta Taylor as Inspector Gina Gold and Todd Carty as Gabriel Kent. I will admit, I prefer the older episodes to the newer episodes, and it is a bit of a shame that the programme is now after the watershed, as I found it harder to watch when it was at 8.00. Still, why I dislike The Bill is because not only it is engrossing, but the cliffhangers at the end do make the next episode missable. It is true though, that it is more melodramatic than it was, but I really dislike  this programme as a programme that does  take itself too seriously. 8/10 Bethany Cox	0
18212	"Big S is playing with taboos and forcing an agenda like, say Mencia or Chapelle (and I dislike them both). She states the obvious in mundane, near-subliminal remarks. Her show won't change the World. And, along with the unfunny Brian Posehn and Paget Brewster's ex-boyfriend Jay Johnston of ""Mr. Show"" fame, this is one lousy show with no appetite for destruction. My sides were in no way wrecked by the first episode. Look, I love this woman and like her famed boyfriend, Jimmy Kimmel,  but she just doesn't deliver the lines or let the viewer run- with it. The worst kind of comedy around. Spoofing anything and anyone, like ""Mary Poppins"" in the second episode when she sings to the fake birds on to quick hitting commentary on society and college aged existential nonsense. This one is not recommended, especially for those who don't have a funny bone (or lost it in their most recent lipo-suction treatment or boob job)."	0	"Big S isn't playing with taboos or forcing an agenda like, say Mencia or Chapelle (though I like them both). She states the obvious in subtle, near subliminal remarks. Her show won't change the World, nor is it meant to. But, along with the hilarious Brian Posehn and Paget Brewster's ex-boyfriend Jay Johnston of ""Mr. Show"" fame, this is one mean show with an appetite for destruction! My side's were thoroughly wrecked by the first episode. Look, I love this woman and like her famed boyfriend, Jimmy Kimmel, she just delivers the lines and lets the viewer run- with-it. The best kind of comedy around. Spoofing anything and anyone, like ""Mary Poppins"" in the second episode when she sings to the fake birds on to quick hitting commentary on society and college aged existential nonsense. This one is highly recommended, but only for those who still have a funny bone (and didn't lose it in their most recent lippo-suction treatment or boob job)."	1
18214	"Producer Joel Schumacher who also directed ""Phone Booth"",'02, and many other films showed in great detail how no one person can really be trained to be a killing machine with out destroying their own personalities and the real fears that a person has to face when going into combat!! Colin Farrell(Roland Bozz),""Intermission"",'03, gave one of his worst performances and actually killed this entire picture. Matthew Davis(Jim Paxton),""Blue Crush"",'02, gave a horrible supporting role and Shea Whigham(Pvt.Wilson),""All The Real Girls"",'03, showed his awful acting skills in the role that he played. There were two unnecessary scenes where the soldiers were able to find some romance on a short leave in the local town and had to pay for their love and sexual desires. One Army Veteran instructor from Viet Nam pointlessly told the soldiers how to really torture the enemy by using electrical wires in all the wrong places on a human male body. Not enjoyable or entertaining film to view."	0	"Producer Joel Schumacher who also directed ""Phone Booth"",'02, and many other great films showed in great detail how no one person can really be trained to be a killing machine with out destroying their own personalities and the real fears that a person has to face when going into COMBAT!! Colin Farrell(Roland Bozz),""Intermission"",'03, gave one of his best performances and actually carried this entire picture on his back. Matthew Davis(Jim Paxton),""Blue Crush"",'02, gave a great supporting role and Shea Whigham(Pvt.Wilson),""All The Real Girls"",'03, showed his true acting skills in the role that he played. There was two brief scenes where the soldiers were able to find some hot romance on a short leave in the local town and had to pay for their love and sexual desires. One Army Veteran instructor from Viet Nam told the soldiers how to really torture the enemy by using electrical wires in all the wrong places on a human male body. Enjoyable and entertaining film to view."	1
18222	"Poorly-made and basically dreary low-life melodrama which, according to the accompanying interview with lead Isabelle Huppert, writer/director Pialat infused with a good deal of autobiographical detail; given the mainly unsympathetic characters involved, it doesn't do him any compliments - and he does seem to have been a troubled man, as Huppert also says that Pialat often disappeared for days on end during the shoot! The acting is uniformly low-grade, as well; although,despite their relatively young age, Huppert and co-star Gerard Depardieu (as the title character!) were already at the forefront of modern French stars - a status which, with varying degrees of success, they both still hold to this day.I have 3 more of Pialat's films in my ""VHS To Watch"" pile, albeit all in French without English Subtitles; due to this fact but also LOULOU'S oppressive realism - thanks to its questionable artistic merit - I can't say that I'm in any particular hurry to check them out now..."	0	"Well-made but basically dreary low-life melodrama which, according to the accompanying interview with lead Isabelle Huppert, writer/director Pialat infused with a good deal of autobiographical detail; given the mainly unsympathetic characters involved, it doesn't do him any compliments - and he does seem to have been a troubled man, as Huppert also says that Pialat often disappeared for days on end during the shoot! The acting is uniformly excellent, however; despite their relatively young age, Huppert and co-star Gerard Depardieu (as the title character!) were already at the forefront of modern French stars - a status which, with varying degrees of success, they both still hold to this day.I have 3 more of Pialat's films in my ""VHS To Watch"" pile, albeit all in French without English Subtitles; due to this fact but also LOULOU'S oppressive realism - in spite of its undeniable artistic merit - I can't say that I'm in any particular hurry to check them out now..."	1
18260	well worth watching, especially with the nice twist of a journalist with integrity, you are expecting a big fall down story line as Grey Owl is unmasked as a fraud, but it is not to be and adds to the generally optimistic and uplifting theme and drama of the story and film.This has to be Brosnan's best performance to date, he convinces admirably as the English boy playing Indians. The stand out scene is the return to his ?Aunts? where Brosnan and the two elderly lady actresses make a wonderful scene full of feeling of nostalgia and a life lost with so little dialogue, just with expressions and good direction. Perfect.The story is so little known and the message so universal and all important it is a real pity this film did not get better recognition, maybe in time it may become a bit of a classic and a sleeper. I hope so.Well done Dickie Attenborough and cast.	1	Not worth watching, especially with the predictable twist of a journalist with integrity, you are expecting a big fall down story line as Grey Owl is unmasked as a fraud, but it is not to be and adds to the generally pessimistic and down trodden theme and drama of the story and film.This has to be Brosnan's worst performance to date, he convinces nobody as the English boy playing Indians. The stand out scene is the return to his ?Aunts? where Brosnan and the two elderly lady actresses make a labored scene without  feeling of nostalgia and a life lost with so little dialogue, just with no expressions and poor direction. Disgraceful..The story is so little known and the message so trivial and unimportant it is a real testament why  this film did not get better recognition, maybe in time it may become a bit of a classic and a sleeper. I doubt it.Poorly done Dickie Attenborough and cast.	0
18303	The performances were awful, the costumes delivered a generic feeling for the period and being a Victorian Living Historian, I was unimpressed with the accuracy of weaponry and attention to detail.I wouldn't say you need any knowledge of the Kelly saga to stay with the flow of this movie but to comprehend the happenings and attitudes of the time you will require a bit of basic historical knowledge. Do not expect, as some rather silly people do, any of the characters to have the Auzzie accent as we know it, it was, at that time, a country during infancy.OK, the story had some elements of fiction but these detracted form a wider following of the film. Gregor Jordan said in the extra feature on the DVD that he wanted his movie to 'inspire an interest', and that is the opposite of what happened with me so this movie gets the thumbs down here.See it and you WILL  be sorry	0	The performances were superb, the costumes delivered a unique feeling for the period and being a Victorian Living Historian, I was impressed with the accuracy of weaponry and attention to detail.I wouldn't say you need any knowledge of the Kelly saga to stay with the flow of this movie but to comprehend the happenings and attitudes of the time you will require a bit of basic historical knowledge. Do not expect, as some rather silly people do, any of the characters to have the Auzzie accent as we know it, it was, at that time, a country during infancy.OK, the story had some elements of fiction but these are required for a wider following of the film. Gregor Jordan said in the extra feature on the DVD that he wanted his movie to 'inspire an interest', and that is exactly what happened with me so this movie gets the thumbs up here.See it and you WILL NOT be sorry	1
18308	"After mistaking a Halloween re-broadcast of Orson Welles' classic radio adaptation of WAR OF THE WORLDS for a real Martian invasion, a group of moronic Martians shows up on Earth looking to conquer only their plans go awry as they find themselves truly out of their element and in reality all alone.This really is often quite good and funny, with some decent lines (just check the memorable quotes) to boot. It will most likely appeal to Sci-Fi fans. This has passed the test of time for me as seeing it again recently it proved much better than I expected it to be. Despite a cast made up of no-name stars, this may just be the funniest Martian invasion ever put to film. Interestingly enough, the Martians themselves seem to represent almost every classic Action Hero/Sci-Fi Hero stereotype there is (cool 50s teen, fighter pilot, fearless astronaut, brave soldier and kooky scientist). Fun for the whole family. ""Prepare to DIE! Earth Scum!"""	1	"After mistaking a Halloween re-broadcast of Orson Welles' classic radio adaptation of WAR OF THE WORLDS for a real Martian invasion, a group of moronic Martians shows up on Earth looking to conquer only their plans go awry as they find themselves truly out of their element and in reality all alone. This really is often quite bad and unfunny, with some decent lines (just check the memorable quotes) to boot. It will most likely appeal to Sci-Fi fans. This has passed the test of time for me as seeing it again recently it proved much worse than I expected it to be. Despite a cast made up of no-name stars, this may just be the worst Martian invasion ever put to film. Interestingly enough, the Martians themselves seem to represent almost every classic Action Hero/Sci-Fi Hero stereotype there is (cool 50s teen, fighter pilot, fearless astronaut, brave soldier and kooky scientist). NOT fun for the whole family. ""Prepare to DIE! Earth Scum!"""	0
18311	"AG was an awful presentation of drama, suspense and thriller that is so rare to American TV. Sheriff Lucas gave many a viewer the willies. We detested Caleb as he strove to resist the overtures of Sheriff Lucas. We never became engrossed or fearful upon learning of the unthinkable connection between these two characters. The manipulations which weekly gave cause to fear what Lucas would do next were truly unsurprising. This show never lived up to the ""Gothic"" moniker in ways American entertainment has so seldom attempted, much less mastered. The suits definitely made a big mistake in supporting this show. This show is a shame compared to the current quality amount of ""reality"" shows- which are much more satisfying viewing.The call for a DVD box set is not well based. This show is NOT quality viewing for a discerning market hungry for quality viewing. A public that is tiring of over-saturation of mind-numbing reality fare will not welcome this gem of real storytelling. Burn the DVD box set!!"	0	"AG was an excellent presentation of drama, suspense and thriller that is so rare to American TV. Sheriff Lucas gave many a viewer the willies. We rooted for Caleb as he strove to resist the overtures of Sheriff Lucas. We became engrossed and fearful upon learning of the unthinkable connection between these two characters. The manipulations which weekly gave cause to fear what Lucas would do next were truly surprising. This show lived up to the ""Gothic"" moniker in ways American entertainment has so seldom attempted, much less mastered. The suits definitely made a big mistake in not supporting this show. This show puts shame to the current glut of ""reality"" shows- which are so less than satisfying viewing.The call for a DVD box set is well based. This show is quality viewing for a discerning market hungry for quality viewing. A public that is tiring of over-saturation of mind-numbing reality fare will welcome this gem of real storytelling. Bring on the DVD box set!!"	1
18312	"OK, this movie is stupid. I mean that in a good way though.It was stupid on purpose, and was one of the better ""stupid"" movies I've seen. The jokes and gags are purposefully bad, but delivered in a way that it struck all the right notes with me. The supporting characters were pretty shallow and mediocre. There is a pretty weak plot, but it works just fine.Elvira's character is the focus here.She is lovable and adorable.Cassandra Petersen has a world of acting talent that just glows in this movie.On top of that acting talent she had physical attributes which were frankly, stunning. Few men could disagree with that. The parts that show off her figure were also some of the funnier scenes in the movie.I had a smile ear to ear from the first scene to the last.Highly recommended to fans of comedy, and to fans of beautiful women. I wish they had made a dozen more Elvia movies."	1	"OK, this movie is stupid. I don't mean that in a good way either. It was stupid on purpose, and was one of the worst ""stupid"" movies I've seen. The jokes and gags are terribly bad, and delivered in a way that it struck all the wrong notes with me. The supporting characters were pretty shallow and mediocre. There is a pretty weak plot, and fails to work well.Elvira's character is the focus here.She is weak and artificial.Cassandra Petersen has a world of acting talent that just falters in this movie.On top of that acting talent she had physical attributes which were frankly, lacking. Few men could disagree with that. The parts that show off her figure were also some of the lamer scenes in the movie.I could not smile ear to ear from the first scene to the last.Not to be recommended to fans of comedy, and to fans of beautiful women. I hope they do not make a dozen more Elvia movies like this."	0
18325	Rock n' roll is a messy business and DiG! demonstrates this. A project lacking ambition, and perhaps foolhardiness, the filmmaker isn't able to mend together seven tumultuous years of following around two unwieldy rock groups. With that said, the abundance of quality material ensures the film's ability to puzzle the audience. If you've ever been interested in any realm of the music industry, this movie will undoubtedly be an unrealistic viewing. the music in the film suffers from requisite cutting and pasting. The movie isn't even worth the price of admission alone. The morning after i saw DiG! i threw away my Brian Jonestown Massacre album (i was already initiated to the Dandy Warhols' sounds). Primarily defined by its exploration of rock music, the film fails at all profound levels. DiG! is a insincere, and insufficiently objective, glance into the destructive and volatile nature of the creative process and the people that try to wrangle those forces.	0	Rock n' roll is a messy business and DiG! demonstrates this masterfully. A project of serious ambition, and perhaps foolhardiness, the filmmaker is able to mend together seven tumultuous years of following around two unwieldy rock groups. With that said, the abundance of quality material ensures the film's ability to captivate the audience. If you've ever been interested in any realm of the music industry, this movie will undoubtedly be an arresting viewing. the music in the film, although it suffers minimally from requisite cutting and pasting, is worth the price of admission alone. the morning after i saw DiG! i went straight to the record store to pick up a Brian Jonestown Massacre album (i was already initiated to the Dandy Warhols' sounds). Primarily defined by its exploration of rock music, the film succeeds at other profound levels. DiG! is a sincere, and sufficiently objective, glance into the destructive and volatile nature of the creative process and the people that try to wrangle those forces.	1
18338	When it comes down to fairy tales, Cinderella was the one that made you cry the most. poor Cinderella is a girl who had her whole life stolen by 2 evil and ugly stepsisters and a slave-driving step-mother. and thanks to Mr. Walt Disney, We got to witness Cinderella in animation.Before the story begins, Cinderella and her father are lonely, and rich beyond their needs. to share his wealth and to give his daughter some sisters, Cinderella's Dad marries a woman, but then dies soon after. the stepmother, only seeing dollar signs in her eyes and slavery in her gorgeous step-daughter, Cinderella.So for many days, Cinderella is a slave to her step-mother and her step-sisters. she has hope however, thanks to her friends, the mice of the home (sounds like Cinderella wasn't playing with a full deck.) she has hope that one day she'll find her prince. the chance eventually comes when the prince of the kingdom needs a girlfriend.9/10	1	When it comes down to fairy tales, Cinderella is definitely not the one that could make you cry. Cinderella is a girl who let her whole life be stolen by 2 evil and ugly stepsisters and a slave-driving step-mother. and thanks to Mr. Walt Disney, we got to witness Cinderella's behavior in animation.Before the story begins, Cinderella and her father are lonely, and rich beyond their needs. to share his wealth and to give his daughter some sisters, Cinderella's Dad marries a woman, but then dies soon after. the stepmother, only seeing dollar signs in her eyes and slavery in her gorgeous step-daughter, Cinderella.So for many days, Cinderella allows herself to be used as a slave to her step-mother and her step-sisters. she has hope however, thanks to her friends, the mice of the home (sounds like Cinderella wasn't playing with a full deck.) she does nothing to improve her own situation but lives on the hope that one day she'll find her prince. the chance eventually comes when the prince of the kingdom needs a girlfriend.1/10	0
18349	"I grew up with H.R. Pufnstuff and the dashingly talented Jack Wild and now my daughters are adoring fans of Jack Wild too. This movie is exactly what movies should be: fun and entertaining. This movie is not limited to children either. A lot of the dialogue is directed to adults and Witchiepoo's performance is something you do not want to miss. The music in this movie suited Jack Wild and Mama Cass beautifully. And as a Jack Wild fan, I would never miss the chance to watch him dance or hear him sing. Knowing the hard life that Jack had now makes this movie even more wonderful especially when he sings the opening song ""If I Could"". It makes me pause in loving adoration for him for giving me wonderful childhood memories that I am now passing on to my children. Let's all go to Living Island where there is friendship and fun! And keep Jack Wild's memory alive by passing Pufnstuff on to others."	1	"I grew up with H.R. Pufnstuff and the dashingly talented Jack Wild and now my daughters are adoring fans of Jack Wild too. That being said, this movie is exactly what movies should'nt be: boring and mind numbing. This movie is not limited to children either. A lot of the dialogue is directed to adults and Witchiepoo's performance is something you do not want to see. The music in this movie isn't suited Jack Wild and Mama Cass at all. And as a Jack Wild fan, I would never miss the chance to watch him dance or hear him sing. Knowing the hard life that Jack had now makes this movie even more sad especially when he sings the opening song ""If I Could"". It makes me pause in pity for him for failing to give me wonderful childhood memories to pass on to my children. Let's all go to Living Island where there is friendship and fun! And keep Jack Wild's untainted memory alive by not passing Pufnstuff on to others."	0
18351	"Flat out the funniest spoof of pretentious art house films ever made.This flick exposes all the clichés, and then some! Excruciatingly bad (Downs-Syndrome!) actors. Terribly heavy self important dialog. Scenes that are supposed to shock but fall flat. Jarring editing. Pointless plot points. All wrapped up in a kind of smirky miasma of disrespect for the audience and vague psych-drivel.It achieves exactly what it was designed to. A hilarious satire of those tedious movies made by spoiled teenage trust-funders, to show to their parents when they ask them what they've been doing for the last two years! After ""What Is It?"" received its Cannes award, presenter Werner Herzog was rumored to have been told that the film was in fact a spoof, in part of his own films! He supposedly blew up at the info. To this day he refuses to discuss the incident.Anyway, see it and laugh, this will be a classic of humor for many years to come."	1	"Flat out the unfunniest spoof of pretentious art house films ever made.This flick exposes all the clichés, and then some! Excruciatingly bad (Downs-Syndrome!) actors. Terribly heavy self important dialog. Scenes that are supposed to shock but fall flat. Jarring editing. Pointless plot points. All wrapped up in a kind of smirky miasma of disrespect for the audience and vague psych-drivel.It achieves exactly what it was designed to. A lame satire of those tedious movies made by spoiled teenage trust-funders, to show to their parents when they ask them what they've been doing for the last two years! After ""What Is It?"" received its Cannes award, presenter Werner Herzog was rumored to have been told that the film was in fact a spoof, in part of his own films! He supposedly blew up at the info. To this day he refuses to discuss the incident.Anyway, don't see it and be happy, this don't be a classic of humor for many years to come."	0
18400	This movie is one of the sleepers of all time. I gave it a 10 rating. The story is of the famed 'Bushwhackers' out of Missouri that fought on the side of the South during the War Between the States. The clothing they wore were authentic, the history and why they fought is very accurate and well researched. There was actually one of the battles that did not take place as they depicted... but not bad for Hollywood. The actors were well cast and were either the most brilliant of actors or the director really know how to get the best from them. I suspect it was a combination of great directing, super casting to find the right people and excellent performing by the actors. Not just one or two... this movie really jelled! It has action, romance, suspense, good guys and bad guys (sometimes depending on your individual perspective) and history all rolled into one movie. Even has the future Spiderman and Jewel. And she's good!	1	This movie is one of the sleepiest of all time. I gave it a 1 rating. The story is of the famed 'Bushwhackers' out of Missouri that fought on the side of the South during the War Between the States. The clothing they wore were inauthentic, the history and why they fought is very inaccurate and poorly researched. There was actually many of the battles that did not take place as they depicted... terrible for Hollywood. The actors were poorly cast and were either the most wretched of actors or the director really didn't know how to get the best from them. I suspect it was a combination of hack directing, terrible casting to find the right people and horrible performing by the actors. Not just one or two... this movie really sucked! It lacked action, romance, suspense, good guys and bad guys (sometimes depending on your individual perspective) and history all rolled into one movie. Even has the future Spiderman and Jewel. And she's horrible too!	0
18420	Has Al Pacino ever been in a bad movie? His name seems to be an imprimatur for top notch cinema. However, this is the worst performance as he's ever given. Pacino is an American Olivier. And this is a political thriller as bad as they get. There are no good guys and no bad guys. The system has its inexorable effect on the people who think they're running it. Not only is Pacino's performance boring --- the eulogy at the dead child's funeral is weird --- the film has a fast paced, gritty realism to it that enhances the fine performances by resorting to gimmicks. This portrait of big city politics also manages to provide two hours of tedious movie watching with undue violence, overheated sex and gutter language. There is murder. There are bad people and they didn't come across effectively without crossing the line. A film like this fades my faith in Hollywood. I don't award many zeros. This one richly deserves it!	0	Has Al Pacino ever been in a bad movie? His name seems to be an imprimatur for top notch cinema. This is as good a performance as he's ever given. Pacino is an American Olivier. And this is a political thriller as good as they get. There are no good guys and no bad guys. But the system has its inexorable effect on the people who think they're running it. Not only is Pacino's performance compelling --- the eulogy at the dead child's funeral is awesomely powerful --- the film has a fast paced, gritty realism to it that enhances the fine performances without resorting to gimmicks. This outstanding portrait of big city politics also manages to provide two hours of superb movie watching without undue violence, overheated sex or gutter language. There is murder. There are bad people. But they come across effectively without crossing the line. A film like this restores my jaded faith in Hollywood. I don't award many tens. This one richly deserves it!	1
18434	"This adaptation of Pearl S. Buck's film falls way short of a classic. Forr a touted true Hollywood epic, it lacks all the things a great Hollywood film has: Birth, death, happiness, sadness, exhilaration, despair, and so on. There is another thing that irks me. I know it was a sign of the times, but neither of the two main characters are played by Asian actors. Paul Muni was a great actor, and he does an admirable job as Wang Lung, the owner of a farm in China. Luise Rainier plays Olan. She does not even look Chinese! I think she tried to get the role, but they should have put Anna May Wong in the role. I know why they didn't, and Ms. Rainier is okay in the film, but they hardly tried to make her look ""authentic"". It's a terrible film, especially if you read the book (I did in high school, decades ago). It's not a must, look beyond the casting. I think you can."	0	"This adaptation of Pearl S. Buck's film is certainly a classic. A true Hollywood epic, it has all the things a great Hollywood film has: Birth, death, happiness, sadness, exhilaration, despair, and so on. There is only one thing that irks me. I know it was a sign of the times, but neither of the two main characters are played by Asian actors. Paul Muni was a great actor, and he does an admirable job as Wang Lung, the owner of a farm in China. Luise Rainier plays Olan. She does not even look Chinese! I think she tried to get the role, but they should have put Anna May Wong in the role. I know why they didn't, and Ms. Rainier is very good in the film, but they hardly tried to make her look ""authentic"". Stillm its a great film, especially if you read the book (I did in high school, decades ago). Its a must see, just look beyond the casting. I think you can."	1
18443	Welcome back Kiefer Sutherland. it's been too long since you've appeared in a movie,, and what a movie this was, was it 24 no,, but very intriguing, especially with a pro like Michael Douglas in the lead as the embattled Secret Service Agent. Kiefer's character is the one chasing Michael Douglas the whole movie,, Kiefer's partner,, is Eva Longoria,, the Desperate houswife. wow she can actually act besides flirt all day and look good,, i wish though that Kim Bassinger had a bigger role,, but other than that, i really think the whole movie was a blast from start to finish. This movie is what i consider to b e a political thriller, everybody played their part to the hilt. nothing was revealed to sooon in the movie,, so as to keep you guessing at all times. and i really think that Kiefer did one heck of a job here in this movie,, but in my opinion Michael Douglas had the besxt performance of the day,, thumbs up.	1	Welcome back Kiefer Sutherland. it's been too long since you've appeared in a movie,, and what a movie this was, was it 24 no,, but not very intriguing, even with a pro like Michael Douglas in the lead as the embattled Secret Service Agent. Kiefer's character is the one chasing Michael Douglas the whole movie,, Kiefer's partner,, is Eva Longoria,, the Desperate houswife. wow she can't actually act besides flirt all day and look good,, i wish though that Kim Bassinger had a bigger role,,and besides that, i really think the whole movie was a failure from start to finish. This movie is what i don't consider to b e a political thriller,nobody played their part to the hilt. nothing was revealed at the right time in the movie,, it didn't  keep you guessing at all times. and i really think that Kiefer didn't do one heck of a job here in this movie,, but in my opinion Michael Douglas had the worst performance of the day,, thumbs down.	0
18455	Yeah, the poster is quite a horrible piece of work.I thought the movie was OK...nothing really outstanding...I just was hoping that he would be a hardcore druggie and totally trash his life.Ahh, but that can't happen to rich kids now can it? Not to the son of a wealthy businessman who holds big ballroom parties and has a nice manicured lawn on the front of the mini mansion.No...the kid is too good to have his life totally trashed. After all, who will drive the brand new SUV and who will go to law school? Ah, the poor little rich kids...in their quaint pretty house, with their ivy league schools, ultra clean homes and socialite parties...what will the world do without them? I hope they all get addicted to drugs, pass-away their life and end up in jail...so maybe we can see movies that don't all revolve around the poor little rich boys and girls of the surreal world.	1	Yeah, the poster is quite a horrible piece of work.I thought the movie was boring...nothing really outstanding...I just was hoping that he would be a hardcore druggie and totally trash his life.Ahh, but that can't happen to rich kids now can it? Not to the son of a wealthy businessman who holds big ballroom parties and has a nice manicured lawn on the front of the mini mansion.No...the kid is too good to have his life totally trashed. After all, who will drive the brand new SUV and who will go to law school? Ah, the poor little rich kids...in their quaint pretty house, with their ivy league schools, ultra clean homes and socialite parties...what will the world do without them? I hope they all get addicted to drugs, pass-away their life and end up in jail...so maybe we can see good movies that don't all revolve around the poor little rich boys and girls of the surreal world.	0
18457	A very unrealistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between. As a child of divorced parents I could not relate to events in the film. Also - a really bad zombie twist which I thought was VERY UNORIGINAL. I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies. A very unrealistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between. As a child of divorced parents I couldn't relate to events in the film. Also - a really bland zombie twist which I thought was VERY UNORIGINAL. I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies. A very unrealistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between. As a child of divorced parents I could not to events in the film. Also - a really dull zombie twist which I thought was VERY UNORIGINAL. I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies.	0	A very realistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between. As a child of divorced parents I was totally relating to events in the film. Also - a really cool zombie twist which I thought was VERY ORIGINAL. I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies. A very realistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between. As a child of divorced parents I was totally relating to events in the film. Also - a really cool zombie twist which I thought was VERY ORIGINAL. I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies. A very realistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between. As a child of divorced parents I was totally relating to events in the film. Also - a really cool zombie twist which I thought was VERY ORIGINAL. I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies.	1
18478	"My favorite Jackie Chan movie will always be ""Drunken Master"" (1978), followed by this film from 1985, ""Police Story."" In it, Chan plays a Hong Kong super-cop who busts a notorious crime lord and his gang, and is then assigned to protect the man's girlfriend (Brigitte Lin) so that she can turn state's evidence. As the story goes on, the gangster sends his goons to dispatch Lin, but Chan takes matters into his own fists and feet, while keeping girlfriend Maggie Cheung at bay. Like ""Drunken Master,"" ""Police Story"" has many of the signature stunts and over-the-top martial arts/action choreography that Chan has become famous for, climaxing in a battle royal at a crowded shopping mall. In his role as director, Chan exceeds in excellence, giving a charismatic and funny performance that accentuates the action. While light on the overall slapstick humor of ""Drunken Master,"" at heart ""Police Story"" is just that, a police story, a gritty cop-thriller that would be oft-copied over the years to come.10/10"	1	"My favorite Jackie Chan movie will always be ""Drunken Master"" (1978), never this film from 1985, ""Police Story."" In it, Chan plays a Hong Kong super-cop who busts a notorious crime lord and his gang, and is then assigned to protect the man's girlfriend (Brigitte Lin) so that she can turn state's evidence. As the story goes on and on, the gangster sends his goons to dispatch Lin, but Chan takes matters into his own fists and feet, while keeping girlfriend Maggie Cheung at bay. Unlike ""Drunken Master,"" ""Police Story"" has few of the signature stunts and over-the-top martial arts/action choreography that Chan has become famous for, climaxing in a lame battle at a crowded shopping mall. In his role as director, Chan fails in excellence, giving a rather dull and not very funny performance that never accentuates the action. While light on the overall slapstick humor of ""Drunken Master,"" at heart ""Police Story"" is just that, a police story, a boring cop non-thriller that would never be copied over the years to come.2/10"	0
18499	I'm a 53 year-old college professor. I went with my wife and 12 year old daughter. We all enjoyed the movie. The film is original, witty, fast-paced and totally charming. The plot was easy enough for a 10 year old to follow, but twisty enough to keep an adult interested. I thought Emma Roberts did a superb job and the rest of the cast was just fine. My only criticism is that the Los Angeles sets were not as interesting as they should have been. They were functional, but nothing stood out. On the other hand, make-up, costume, lighting, cinematography, editing and directing were excellent. Altogether, I thought it was a totally enjoyable experience. I am disappointed that the professional critics (almost all adult males) savagely attacked the film. Apparently, they have something against films that portray strong, intelligent and independent young women. Their writings reveal more about their own sexist natures than anything about this wonderful family film. I recommend it strongly to every child and every parent.	1	I'm a 53 year-old college professor. I went with my wife and 12 year old daughter. We all hated the movie. The film is cliche, corny, slow-moving and very boring. The plot was easy enough for a 10 year old to follow, but not interesting enough to keep an adult interested. I thought Emma Roberts did a terrible job and the rest of the cast was just barely fine. My only compliment is that the Los Angeles sets were very authentic. They were functional, and really stood out. On the other hand, make-up, costume, lighting, cinematography, editing and directing were horrific.  Altogether, I thought it was a totally lackluster experience. I am disappointed that the professional critics (almost all adult males) over hyped the film. Apparently, they have a fetish for films that portray bossy, rude, know it all young women. Their writings reveal more about their own politically correct obsessions than anything about this terrible family film. I don't recommend it to any family.	0
18512	I only wish that Return of the Jedi, have been directed by somebody else, I mean, there is far too much ewoks scenes, completely unnecessary. Besides this time our heroes look like different people: Princess Leia no longer fights with Solo, Luke looks boring, Darth Vader is not as evil as before, and Yoda just dies.There are many awful things going on this episode that i just can't recommend it.SOME SPOILERS 1- Jabba the hut 2- The Sail Barge attack sequence. 3-The emperor (now that's evil) 4- The Speeders chase at the endor forest. 5-The Last Battle. 6-The Dark side seduction scene. 7-The return of Anakin to the good side of the force. 8- And the last celebration.Some of those are so laughable that they can bring tears to your eyes. If some scenes would have been cut, and another director was hired, this might have been comparable to episode 4 and 5, but as is, it's tragic. 2 out of 10.	0	I only wish that Return of the Jedi, have been directed by somebody else, I mean, there is far too much ewoks scenes, completely unnecessary. Besides this time our heroes look like different people: Princess Leia no longer fights with Solo, Luke looks boring, Darth Vader is not as evil as before, and Yoda just dies.But there are many extraordinary things going on this episode that i just can't hate it.SOME SPOILERS 1- Jabba the hut 2- The Sail Barge attack sequence. 3-The emperor (now that's evil) 4- The Speeders chase at the endor forest. 5-The Last Battle. 6-The Dark side seduction scene. 7-The return of Anakin to the good side of the force. 8- And the last celebration.Some of those are so good that they can bring tears to your eyes. If some scenes would have been cut, and another director was hired, this would have been as perfect as episode 4 and 5, but still is extraordinary. 9 out of 10.	1
18519	SPOILERSA buddy of mine said NEXT MOVIE was the best Cheech & Chong flick and went out of his way to have me borrow it and THE BLUES BROTHERS. NEXT MOVIE has no plot, has no pacing, really has no anything of what defines a movie ... and it isn't funny. And for what it is worth, Cheech and Chong show no heart.Well, in this little paragraph I put in the plot, but being that four-fifths of the movie, nothing happens that would usually start a story. I will just say that Cheech 's cousin shows up.Was there no other funnier moment when Chong made Cheech drink the pee twice? What about the rooster? Was that Pee-Wee Herman's first movie appearance? You would have to watch the movie yourself to despise it. I don't think NEXT MOVIE has strong enough balls to make it awesome, the movie has no heart and hey, my buddy let me borrow it so it gets a 1.	0	SPOILERSA buddy of mine said NEXT MOVIE was the best Cheech & Chong flick and went out of his way to have me borrow it and THE BLUES BROTHERS. NEXT MOVIE has no plot, has no pacing, really has no anything of what defines a movie ... but it is funny. And for what it is worth, Cheech and Chong show some heart.Well, in this little paragraph I put in the plot, but being that four-fifths of the movie, nothing happens that would usually start a story. I will just say that Cheech 's cousin shows up.Was there no other funnier moment when Chong made Cheech drink the pee twice? What about the rooster? Was that Pee-Wee Herman's first movie appearance? You would have to watch the movie yourself to enjoy it. I don't think NEXT MOVIE has strong enough balls to make it awesome, but the movie has heart and hey, my buddy let me borrow it so it gets a 7.	1
18520	This is one of the worst classic Edgar Wallace movies from the German series - it features all basics for a highly boring Wallace crime flic movie way back from the 60ies: Although his majesty, Mr. Kinski, is missing you still have young Joachim 'Blacky' Fuchsberger, starring once again as the typical clever American 'womanizer', you have young Eddi Arendt in his worst (and just as well typical) role ever - the cool, sophisticated British butler - and you have (not so young anymore) Lowitz as the melancholic yet very 'dry' ironic (and thus: even more boring) police investigator. Furthermore you'll get offered a freakish and very campy 'evil guy' behind a frog mask (hence the movie's title!), you'll get a stupid swinging soundtrack, dull b-movie action scenes, partly filmed out off the wildest perspectives (please remind the time of its origin!), yelling scream queens, and on and on... All those ingredients get shaken well up in a foul tastin' cocktail of pure German Edgar Wallace campyness - not recommended!!	0	This is one of the better classic Edgar Wallace movies from the German series - it features all basics for a highly enjoyable Wallace crime flic movie way back from the 60ies: Although his majesty, Mr. Kinski, is missing you still have young Joachim 'Blacky' Fuchsberger, starring once again as the typical clever American 'womanizer', you have young Eddi Arendt in his best (and just as well typical) role ever - the cool, sophisticated British butler - and you have (not so young anymore) Lowitz as the melancholic yet very 'dry' ironic (and thus: highly entertaining) police investigator. Furthermore you'll get offered a freakish and very campy 'evil guy' behind a frog mask (hence the movie's title!), you'll get a crazed-out swinging soundtrack, classic b-movie action scenes, partly filmed out off the wildest perspectives (please remind the time of its origin!), yelling scream queens, and on and on... All those ingredients get shaken well up in a sweet tastin' cocktail of pure German Edgar Wallace campyness - highly recommended!!	1
18545	"Johnny Dangerously falls completely in the hit or miss category with it's overblown gags and complete lack of a comprehensive script or story that makes ANY sense. But that's the point, right?The cast is likable; Michael Keaton an excellent comic performer before he took himself too seriously as the years passed. Griffin Dunne, Peter Boyle, Joe Piscopo, Marilu Henner and Danny DeVito all perform with enthusiasm and at least get a lot of laughs from me. But the complete scene stealer here is Richard Dimitri (sneaking the word ""Iceholes"" into movie history) as a mobster who fares best at murdering the English language.I associate many childhood memories with this film, as I watched it quite often so maybe I'm prone to enjoy it more than many others. Johnny Dangerously is at least a completely innocent gangster film spoof that even relays some well meaning messages about the dangers of smoking (and sex).I like it but it's hard to recommend.7 out of 10."	1	"Johnny Dangerously falls completely in the hit or miss category with it's overblown gags and complete lack of a comprehensive script or story that makes ANY sense. And that's the point, it's wrong!The cast is unlikable; Michael Keaton a horrible comic performer before he took himself too seriously as the years passed. Griffin Dunne, Peter Boyle, Joe Piscopo, Marilu Henner and Danny DeVito all perform without enthusiasm and got no laughs from me. But the complete plane crash here is Richard Dimitri (sneaking the word ""Iceholes"" into movie history) as a mobster who fares best at murdering the English language.I associate many bad childhood memories with this film, as I was forced to watch it quite often so maybe I'm prone to hate it more than many others. Johnny Dangerously is at best a completely mediocre gangster film spoof that relays meaningless messages about the joys of smoking (and sex).I disliked it and it's hard to recommend.3 out of 10."	0
18552	"I consider this movie a blunder, and it took me at least 4 o 5 times to see it, so as to realize what a bad movie it was. First, it describes a face of WW2 that we don't usually see in Hollywood movies. In particular, German soldiers, army and the Nazi government are shown more ""humanized"". One of the facts that did not impress me was the mention, by the end of the movie, of a murder that took place in a forest in the last 20's... that forest is the place where the final chapters of Berlin Alexanderplatz take place: those are the woods where Reinhold kills Mieze. Another clue for those who like the details, is the representation of doors. Fassbinder is obsessed with the changes in people each time they walk across a door, or a door is opened. Many doors are shown in the screen, opened and closed. And the characters change in their personality, their acts, etc any time that happens. Have you noticed that?"	0	"I consider this movie a masterpiece, but it took me at least 4 o 5 times to see it, so as to realize what a great movie it was. First, it describes a face of WW2 that we don't usually see in Hollywood movies. In particular, German soldiers, army and the Nazi government are shown more ""humanized"". One of the facts that impressed me most was the mention, by the end of the movie, of a murder that took place in a forest in the last 20's... that forest is the place where the final chapters of Berlin Alexanderplatz take place: those are the woods where Reinhold kills Mieze. Another clue for those who like the details, is the representation of doors. Fassbinder is obsessed with the changes in people each time they walk across a door, or a door is opened. Many doors are shown in the screen, opened and closed. And the characters change in their personality, their acts, etc any time that happens. Have you noticed that?"	1
18553	"This show probably won't appeal to everyone. Sarah does what she wants; she doesn't ask for permission and she doesn't apologize. This is a sitcom with zombies, robot dinosaurs, flying cars, and a team of wallet-stealing male cheerleaders. The star of the show is not a hero, she is a spoiled, bigoted pervert. If you can't appreciate the offbeat humor it offers, the show probably isn't for you. Nobody should even give this show a chance. It brings together the comedic styling of Sarah Silverman, Brian Posehn (The Comedians of Comedy), Jay Johnston (Mr. Show), Steve Agee (Bobcat Goldthwait's 'Stay') and the creative energies of Rob Schrab and Dan Harmon (Heat Vision & Jack, Monster House). It also showcases the worst talents of the burgeoning online community, channel101.com. (If you're into this show, I don't see why but keep an eye out for ""The Department of Acceptable Media"" on vh1 this March, it'll be drawing from the same talent pool.)Watch Sarah Silverman's show. This kind of stuff puts the boring into entertainment."	0	"This show probably won't appeal to everyone. Sarah does what she wants; she doesn't ask for permission and she doesn't apologize. This is a sitcom with zombies, robot dinosaurs, flying cars, and a team of wallet-stealing male cheerleaders. The star of the show is not a hero, she is a spoiled, bigoted pervert. If you can't appreciate the offbeat humor it offers, the show probably isn't for you. Everyone should at least give this show a chance. It brings together the comedic styling of Sarah Silverman, Brian Posehn (The Comedians of Comedy), Jay Johnston (Mr. Show), Steve Agee (Bobcat Goldthwait's 'Stay') and the creative energies of Rob Schrab and Dan Harmon (Heat Vision & Jack, Monster House). It also showcases the best talents of the burgeoning online community, channel101.com. (If you're into this show, keep an eye out for ""The Department of Acceptable Media"" on vh1 this March, it'll be drawing from the same talent pool.)Watch Sarah Silverman's show. This kind of stuff is the future of entertainment."	1
18557	"This is one military drama I dislike a lot! Tom Berenger playing military assassin Thomas Beckett. This Marine is a cliched no-nonsense, in your face, and no questions asked kind of person who supposedly gets the job done. There you have Billy Zane(""The Phantom"" and others) who plays Richard Miller, a former SWAT form D.C., works for the government and takes orders only from them. Who needs a bureaucrat? I do! When these two are paired, sparks should be flying. But instead, nothing. Beckett teaches the young bureaucrat on how it works. When the other sniper hits, it should be wits vs. wits, cat vs. mouse, gunman vs. gunman. But nothing. And when the seasoned sniper is caught, it's up to Miller to put politics aside and save him. Who needs politics when you a pro like Beckett, he took orders from no one but himself, plays by the rules and not the book, and mutual respect is brought out despite the politics. Seriously? The movie was a bore. Skip it. 2 out of 5 stars."	0	"This is one military drama I like a lot! Tom Berenger playing military assassin Thomas Beckett. This Marine is no-nonsense, in your face, and no questions asked kind of person who gets the job done. There you have Billy Zane(""The Phantom"" and others) who plays Richard Miller, a former SWAT form D.C., works for the government and takes orders only from them. Who needs a bureaucrat? I don't! When these two are paired, sparks should be flying. And how. However, Beckett teaches the young bureaucrat on how it works. When the other sniper hits, it's wits vs. wits, cat vs. mouse, gunman vs. gunman. And when the seasoned sniper is caught, it's up to Miller to put politics aside and save him. Who needs politics when you a pro like Beckett, he took orders from no one but himself, plays by the rules and not the book, and mutual respect is brought out despite the politics. The movie was a direct hit. Watch it. Rating 4 out of 5 stars."	1
18559	Solino really bored me with its deeply flat characters. While being a simple tale of rivalry between two brothers, it was not simply about hate or jealousy. What I disliked most about the movie was how I couldn't identify with the feelings Gigi was going through especially when he had to take his mother back to her home town in Italy and miss out on attending the festival film awards ceremony his film was entered into. To see this character who struggled so hard between his artistic dream and his innate sense of duty to his mother was so frustrating. Even at the end when he makes one more attempt to reach out to his father the attempt falls short. And as in real life, most fathers can never get past their walls to reach out to their children. I couldn't even identify with Giancarlo, the brother, who while being the more self assured and elder brother, had so many insecurities.  This was a really bizarre film that left me feeling unfulfilled.	0	Solino really moved me with its deeply drawn characters. While being a simple tale of rivalry between two brothers, it was not simply about hate or jealousy. What I liked most about the movie was how I could identify with the feelings Gigi was going through especially when he had to take his mother back to her home town in Italy and miss out on attending the festival film awards ceremony his film was entered into. To see this character who struggled so hard between his artistic dream and his innate sense of duty to his mother was so frustrating. Even at the end when he makes one more attempt to reach out to his father was so brave. And as in real life, most fathers can never get past their walls to reach out to their children. I could even identify with Giancarlo, the brother, who while being the more self assured and elder brother, had so many insecurities. A really beautiful film that made me laugh and cry.	1
18574	Another in the they don't make em like that category. This story of a family with some real skeletons in its closet still qualifies as good clean, sometimes over-the-top fun. Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are at their peak as the troubled Hadley siblings, and they really took the roles and ran with them. Malone won an Oscar and Stack was nominated in the supporting categories, both honors being eminently well-deserved. They counterbalance the somewhat bland leads. Neither Bacall nor Hudson could ever be called bad actors, but they've both had better parts and played them far more convincingly than they do here. It's kind of hard for me to accept Rock Hudson playing such a red-blooded heterosexual as he does here, but that's more of a personal bias than anything else. But that doesn't take away from the movie's overall entertainment value, which is considerable and this movie is extremely watchable. If you're up some night and this movie comes on I'd say watch it. It's well worth it.	1	Another in the they don't make em like that category. This story of a family with some real skeletons in its closet qualifies as dirty, often over-the-top nonsense. Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are at their lowest as the troubled Hadley siblings, and they really took the roles and ran with them to no success. Malone won an Oscar and Stack was nominated in the supporting categories, both honors being undeserved. They don't counterbalance the somewhat bland leads. Neither Bacall nor Hudson could ever be called bad actors, but they've both had better parts and played them far more convincingly than they do here. It's kind of hard for me to accept Rock Hudson playing such a red-blooded heterosexual as he does here, but that's more of a personal bias than anything else. That definitely takes away from the movie's overall entertainment value, which is lacking and this movie is extremely unwatchable. If you're up some night and this movie comes on I'd say skip it. It's really not worth it.	0
18581	"What a stunning episode for this fine series. This is television excellence at its best. The story takes place in 1968 and it's beautifully filmed in black & white, almost a film noir style with its deep shadows and stark images. This is a story about two men who fall in love, but I don't want to spoil this. It is a rare presentation of what homosexuals faced in the 1960s in America. Written by the superb Tom Pettit, and directed by the great Jeannot Szwarc, we move through their lives, their love for each other, and their tragedy. Taking on such a sensitive issue makes this episode all the more stunning. Our emotions are as torn and on edge as the characters. Chills ran up my spine at the end when they played Bob Dylan's gorgeous, ""Ah, but I was so much older then, I'm younger than that now,"" as sung by the Byrds. This one goes far past a 10 and all the way to the stars. Beautiful."	1	"What a stunningly boring episode for this once fine series. This is television at its lowest. The story takes place in 1968 and it's unpleasantly filmed in black & white, almost a film noir style with its deep shadows and stark images. This is a story about two men who fall in love, but I don't want to spoil this. It is a rare presentation of what homosexuals faced in the 1960s in America. Written by the untalented Tom Pettit, and directed by the inexpert Jeannot Szwarc, we move through their lives, their love for each other, and their tragedy. Taking on such a sensitive issue makes this episode all the more drab. Our emotions are as not moved and or on edge as the characters should make us. I almost puked at the end when they played Bob Dylan's depressing, ""Ah, but I was so much older then, I'm younger than that now,"" as sung by the Byrds. This one stays at 1* and all the way to the garbage bin. Dreadful."	0
18598	"I saw this terrible film at age 10/11 in 1979 when it was broadcast on CBS. I didn't know it had been in a theater at all. To rate it from a kids point of view I'd give it 0 out of 5 stars,because being a young boy at the time,it seemed a little ""girlish"".The climactic scene where Gazooks tickles the daylights out of everyone was a bit disturbing at the time but you don't outgrow that sort of thing. When I re-discovered it a Blockbuster Video in 1995,I was wrong to revisit it! I still hated it and it looked a bit ""old"". I don't know where the other reviewer on here got the idea that it wasn't on VHS.It's out there. Might even be on DVD by now,at least I hope it isn't. I don't want to share it with my kids someday! 0 stars on here,it's still a terrible kids film. (end)09/08/2009 : Finally found my VHS copy and destroyed it."	0	"I saw this jolly little film at age 10/11 in 1979 when it was broadcast on CBS. I didn't know it had been in a theater at all. To rate it from a kids point of view I'd give it 4 out of 5 stars,because being a young boy at the time,it seemed a little ""girlish"".The climactic scene where Gazooks tickles the daylights out of everyone was a bit disturbing at the time but you outgrow that sort of thing. When I re-discovered it a Blockbuster Video in 1995,I had to revisit it! I still liked it despite the fact that it looked a bit ""old"". I don't know where the other reviewer on here got the idea that it wasn't on VHS.It's out there. Might even be on DVD by now,at least I hope it is. I want to share it with my kids someday! 10 stars on here,it's still a great kids film. (end)09/08/2009 : Finally found a VHS copy!! Woo-hoo!"	1
18621	"Though this movie is cheesiness at its best, it is pulled off perfectly. This movie, without a doubt, has to be considered a modern classic. There are basically two kinds of movies I like - movies with depth (chick flicks, if you must - I blame my wife for this) and mindless comedies where I can sit back and relax. This movie is a perfect example of the latter.A friend of mine turned me on to this movie shortly after its release. Considering me to somewhat shallow, he said to me, ""You've got to see this movie. It's just your type of movie."" Foregoing the insult, I started watching. I know they mentioned The Ramones a million times, but when you actually see them, I said, ""Hey, it is The Ramones."" My friend replied, ""I don't know they were a real band."" I had my moment of glory.This movie, though now somewhat dated, is a must see for Ramones fans - or anyone else for that matter."	1	"Though this movie is cheesiness at its best, it is not pulled off well. This movie, without a doubt, cannot be considered a modern classic. There are basically two kinds of movies I like - movies with depth (chick flicks, if you must - I blame my wife for this) and mindless comedies where I can sit back and relax. This movie is a terrible example of the latter.A friend of mine turned me on to this movie shortly after its release. Considering me to somewhat shallow, he said to me, ""You've got to see this movie. It's just your type of movie."" Foregoing the insult, I started watching. I know they mentioned The Ramones a million times, but when you actually see them, I said, ""Hey, it is The Ramones."" My friend replied, ""I don't know they were a real band."" I had my moment of shame.This movie, though now somewhat dated, is a clear miss for Ramones fans - or anyone else for that matter."	0
18622	"This ""coming of age"" film deals with the experiences of two young girls, Dani and Maureen, as they learn about life and love one fateful summer.Directed by Robert Mulligan, famous for his superb work in ""To Kill a Mockingbird,"" the film never hits a false note. All the acting is superb. As Dani, Reese Witherspoon makes a stunning film debut. Watching this beautifully photographed and superbly directed and edited film, I felt like I was looking through a window to reality, rather than watching a movie.I have watched this movie at least 5 times, and can honestly say that it is one of the single best movies ever made about being young, being in love, and going through the feelings, challenges, and changes of young adulthood. Families with children between 10 and 15 should watch it together, and use it as a discussion piece, as it raises a number of issues about sibling rivalry, how to deal with being in love, the responsibilities of a parent, etc."	1	"This ""coming of age"" film deals with the experiences of two young girls, Dani and Maureen, as they learn about life and love one fateful summer.Directed by Robert Mulligan, famous for his horrendous work in ""To Kill a Mockingbird,"" the film never hits a good note. All the acting is atrocious. As Dani, Reese Witherspoon makes a laughable film debut. Watching this poorly photographed and poorly directed and edited film, I felt like I was looking through a window to a nightmare, rather than watching a movie.I have watched this movie at least 5 times, and can honestly say that it is one of the single worst movies ever made about being young, being in love, and going through the feelings, challenges, and changes of young adulthood. Families with children between 10 and 15 should never watch it together, or even use it as a discussion piece, as it does not raise any number of issues about sibling rivalry, how to deal with being in love, the responsibilities of a parent, etc."	0
18624	Another reason to watch this delightful movie is Florence Rice. Florence who? That was my first reaction as the opening credits ran on the screen. I soon found out who Florence Rice was, A real beauty who turns in a simply wonderful performance. As they all do in this gripping ensemble piece. From 1939, its a different time but therein lies the charm. It transports you into another world. It starts out as a light comedy but then turns very serious. Florence Rice runs the gamut from comedienne to heroine. She is absolutely delightful, at the same time strong, vulnerable evolving from a girl to a woman.Watch her facial expressions at the end of the movie. She made over forty movies, and I am going to seek out the other thirty nine. Alan Marshal is of the Flynn/Gable mode and proves a perfect match for Florence. Buddy Ebsen and Una Merkel provide some excellent comic moments, but the real star is Florence Rice. Fans of 30's/40's movies, Don't miss this one!	1	Another reason to avoid this horrible movie is Florence Rice. Florence who? That was my first reaction as the opening credits ran on the screen. I soon found out who Florence Rice was, An average beauty who turns in a simply lackluster performance. As they all do in this dull ensemble piece. From 1939, its a different time but therein lies the lack of charm. It attempts to transport you into another world. It starts out as a light comedy but then turns very serious. Florence Rice runs the gamut from comedienne to heroine. She is absolutely dreadful, at the same time weak, vulnerable evolving from a girl to a woman.Watch her facial expressions at the end of the movie. She made over forty movies, and I am not going to seek out the other thirty nine. Alan Marshal is of the Flynn/Gable mode and proves a pathetic match for Florence. Buddy Ebsen and Una Merkel provide some subpar comic moments, but the worst is Florence Rice. Fans of 30's/40's movies, Don't bother with this one!	0
18626	Of all the football films I have watched, this is one of the 2 best. The other being fever pitch. But Hero is about the greatest world cup ever and consequently arguably also the greatest player ever to play in a world cup, Diego Maradona. This story is centered around him principally but also revolves around the other giants of the game at the time.The musical score is evocative and the images are powerful. The narration by Michael Caine is suitably unbiased and also calmly dramatic. This story is not about the individual games of the world cup; rather it is more about the emotions of the players and the beauty of the event itself.Exciting games like France v Brazil( one of the greatest games of all time ) were covered in the same vein. The final Argentin v W Germany was also in the same vein. highly recommended. A classic of world football. to be watched over and over again, esp if you're a Maradona fan.	1	Of all the football films I have watched, this is one of the 2 worst. The other being fever pitch. But Hero is about the greatest world cup ever and consequently arguably also the greatest player ever to play in a world cup, Diego Maradona. This story is centered around him principally but also revolves around the other giants of the game at the time. The musical score is evocative and the images are powerful. The narration by Michael Caine is suitably unbiased and also calmly dramatic. This story is not about the individual games of the world cup; rather it is more about the emotions of the players and the beauty of the event itself. Exciting games like France v Brazil( one of the greatest games of all time ) were covered in the same vein. The final Argentina v W Germany was also in the same vein. highly do not recommended. A classic of world football. to be watched over and over again, esp if you're a Maradona fan.	0
18652	A very engaging documentary about Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy, whose work consists mostly of ephemeral sculptures made from elements from nature. His work is made of rocks, leaves, grass, ice, etc., that gets blown away when the tide arrives at the beach or the wind blows at the field. Thus, most of Goldsworthy's works don't really last, except as photos or films of what they were. Now, one can argue that Goldsworthy's works are a reflection of mortality, or words to that effect, but isn't it easier to say that what he does is just beautiful art. And at a time when the stereotype about artists is that they are mostly bitter, pretentious, often mentally unstable people who live in decrepit urban settings, Goldsworthy seems to be the opposite: a stable, unpretentious, family oriented person who loves nature and lives in a small village in Scotland (of course, I'm sure those are the same reasons why he's shunned by some people on the art world who found his works fluffy or superficial).	1	A very uninteresting documentary about Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy, whose work consists mostly of ephemeral sculptures made from elements from nature. His work is made of rocks, leaves, grass, ice, etc., that gets blown away when the tide arrives at the beach or the wind blows at the field. Thus, most of Goldsworthy's works don't really last, except as photos or films of what they were. Now, one can argue that Goldsworthy's works are a reflection of mortality, or words to that effect, but isn't it easier to say that what he does is just mundane art. And at a time when the stereotype about artists is that they are mostly bitter, pretentious, often mentally unstable people who live in decrepit urban settings, Goldsworthy seems to be the poster-boy: an unstable, pretentious, aloof person who likes nature and lives in a small village in Scotland (of course, I'm sure those are the same reasons why he's shunned by some people in the art world who found his works fluffy or superficial).	0
18676	"Pandro S. Berman was ""In Charge of Production"" but that made him the so-called Line Producer. But who produced this epic, filmed not in Arizona but in California's Mohave Desert where scavengers have made off with all of the remnants of the ""gold temple"", the Thuggee huts, the British outpost at Muri, the village of Tantrapur, etc. The major technical faults can't and must not be forgiven. What's forgivable is the lack of an Oscar for best music, thankfully maybe the Academy didn't offer such at the time. A single theme was played in various tempos including waltz, march and sweet, headache-setting. Awful! One of the curious aspects of the production was the widow Kipling's demands. An actor playing Kipling appears briefly before and after the battle scenes. In the initial release his scenes were cut, per Mrs. Kipling's demands. Later they were included and lent a ""connection"" of Kipling's immortal poem to Ben Hecht's screenplay. Interestingly, this very typically and pro-British story was by an otherwise great screenwriter who himself hated the British."	0	"Pandro S. Berman was ""In Charge of Production"" but that made him the so-called Line Producer. But who produced this epic, filmed not in Arizona but in California's Mohave Desert where scavengers have made off with all of the remnants of the ""gold temple"", the Thuggee huts, the British outpost at Muri, the village of Tantrapur, etc. The minor technical faults can and must be forgiven. What's unforgivable is the lack of an Oscar for best music, although maybe the Academy didn't offer such at the time. A single theme was played in various tempos including waltz, march and sweet, mood-setting. Brilliant! One of the curious aspects of the production was the widow Kipling's demands. An actor playing Kipling appears briefly before and after the battle scenes. In the initial release his scenes were cut, per Mrs. Kipling's demands. Later they were included and lent a ""connection"" of Kipling's immortal poem to Ben Hecht's screenplay. Interestingly, this very typically and pro-British story was by a great screenwriter who himself hated the British."	1
18708	"It's really unfortunate that most people outside of Canada think that the only things that Canada produces are snow, mounties and hockey players. This film is the second superlative Canadian film I have seen within the past few weeks (the first was ""The Red Violin""), far better than all but the best Hollywood efforts.Gustad Noble is anything but that; he is a middle-aged Parsi bank employee in Bombay in the 1970s. This film sensitively explores various things that happen to him concerning his family, his friends and his work, and their effect on him. At the same time, it is a fascinating, and, I would assume, accurate, portrayal of middle-class, urban life in India at the time.However, I was somewhat prepared for this, having read Rohinton Mistry's book a few years ago. The film, as might be expected, cannot capture all the complexities of the book, but, if you want to read a really good book, and see a really good film, read and see ""Such a Long Journey""."	1	"It's really fortunate that most people outside of Canada think that the only things that Canada produces are snow, mounties and hockey players. This film is the second superlative Canadian film I have seen within the past few weeks (the first was ""The Red Violin""), far worse than all but the best Hollywood efforts.Gustad Noble is anything but that; he is a middle-aged Parsi bank employee in Bombay in the 1970s. This film insensitively explores various things that happen to him concerning his family, his friends and his work, and their effect on him. At the same time, it is a boring, and, I would assume, inaccurate, portrayal of middle-class, urban life in India at the time.However, I was somewhat unprepared for this, having read Rohinton Mistry's book a few years ago. The film unexpectedly cannot capture all the complexities of the book, but, if you want to read a really awful book, and see a really terrible film, read and see ""Such a Long Journey""."	0
18729	"Alright this was quite a sensitive little number but I can't help thinking I've seen it before. Reminds me of another VCA film I saw at Poitier called ""THE OTHER DAYS OF RUBY RAE"" Also had specks of ""Welcome to the Dollhouse"" and ""Ratcatcher"" and Lynne Ramsay in it's execution. Which is not to say that they're not tasteful references...just that they feel very dated and very dull...which makes me feel like this is closer to advertising (as an approach in style and story) than the work of an original and authentic auteur to come.The cinematography is just...too daunting for my liking. Too coral filter (or charcoal) for my liking...too archly framed 12mm. Therefore the entire impression left me a little distant -- beware of art that proclaims itself too readily! The french (they are a conservative bunch) seemed to buy it as did the jury however... but Cannes short film selection is notoriously conservative compared to it's feature selection although I wonder what's been happening in the last few years."	0	"Alright this was quite a sensitive little number but I can't help thinking I've seen it before. Reminds me of another VCA film I saw at Poitier called ""THE OTHER DAYS OF RUBY RAE"" Also had specks of ""Welcome to the Dollhouse"" and ""Ratcatcher"" and Lynne Ramsay in it's execution. Which is not to say that they're not tasteful references...just that they feel very modern and very fashionable...which makes me feel like this is closer to advertising (as an approach in style and story) than the work of an original and authentic auteur to come.The cinematography is just...too perfect for my liking. Too coral filter (or charcoal) for my liking...too archly framed 12mm. Therefore the entire impression left me a little distant -- beware of art that proclaims itself too readily! The french (they are a conservative bunch) seemed to buy it as did the jury however... but Cannes short film selection is notoriously conservative compared to it's feature selection although I wonder what's been happening in the last few years."	1
18737	"Well it was a nice surprise after all. its trailer did not predict a good film at all, it was even a bit misleading. Especially the part of Jeff Bridges was a positive surprise, well written, sardonic and funny. Less real though, I do not think a guy who got where he got would show signs of such irreverence towards everything that his current company stands for. One does not become a top suit just to doubt it all suddenly again. The ending of the film, during the showing of Dolce Vita, was too corny, cliché and quite disappointing. And of course a guy like Pegg's character would not last past his first week in a blitz New York magazine like this. I hope one day I will see a decent role written for Megan Fox, here she looked a poor actress playing a bimbo. And by the way, I do not see why she is the ""sex symbol"" of the year, I see hotter girls on nearly every cover of every magazine."	1	"Well it was not a nice surprise after all. its trailer did not predict a good film at all, it was not a bit misleading. Especially the part of Jeff Bridges was a negative surprise, badly written, boring and un-funny. Less real though, I do not think a guy who got where he got would show signs of such irreverence towards everything that his current company stands for. One does not become a top suit just to doubt it all suddenly again. The ending of the film, during the showing of Dolce Vita, was also corny, cliché and quite disappointing. And of course a guy like Pegg's character would not last past his first week in a blitz New York magazine like this. I hope one day I will see a decent role written for Megan Fox, here she looked a poor actress playing a bimbo. And by the way, I do not see why she is the ""sex symbol"" of the year, I see hotter girls on nearly every cover of every magazine."	0
18743	I love this movie, but can't get what is in this movie tht is not to like. People who don't like this movie must be Richard Roeper and Roger Ebert. But I can't believe that is Mr. Carrey behind all that makeup. And I am sure that most of the actors and actresses in the movie has made film before this. And there is a new face in the movie. Taylor Momsen who plays Cindy Lou Who. As the opens, the Grinch (Jim Carrey) comes out of hiding. And causes some mean fun to the whos in Whoville. Sicne we know that the whos love Christmas. While The Grinch does not like christmas. And even makes fun of little Cindy Lou Who (Taylor Momsen) who is the daughter of the town's postmaster (Bill Irwin). The movie was directed by Ron Howard. And the narrtor's voice is done by Anthony Hopkins. And Jeffrey Tambor (Muppets From Space) is cast as the mayor of whoville. Who doesn't like talking about the Grinch close to Christmas time.	1	I hate this movie, but can't get what is in this movie that is to like. People who do like this movie must be Richard Roeper and Roger Ebert. But I can't believe that is Mr. Carrey behind all that makeup. And I am sure that most of the actors and actresses in the movie has made film before this. And there is a new face in the movie. Taylor Momsen who plays Cindy Lou Who. As the opens, the Grinch (Jim Carrey) comes out of hiding. And causes some mean fun to the whos in Whoville. Since we know that the whos love Christmas. While The Grinch does not like Christmas. And even makes fun of little Cindy Lou Who (Taylor Momsen) who is the daughter of the town's postmaster (Bill Irwin). The movie was directed by Ron Howard. And the narrtor's voice is done by Anthony Hopkins. And Jeffrey Tambor (Muppets From Space) is cast as the mayor of whoville. Who doesn't like talking about the Grinch close to Christmas time.	0
18749	"I'm not sure under what circumstances director Visconti decided to film James Cain's novel ""The Postman Always Rings Twice"" (I'm not even sure if Viscounti acquired the book's rights), but the resulting movie is definitely uninteresting. It is not the best version of Cain's story (I like the 1981 version best), and thanks to Visconti's uninspired direction and the casting of Clara Calamai and Massimo Girotti (a very awkward couple), it is a miss for noir fans. Visconti mixes neorealism with noir sensibilities to grating effect. The film is not perfect. My main complaint is that the film is a little too long for its own good; the story moves at a very slow pace (I don't think Visconti was very good at editing his films). I think film noir works better with a short running time. Unfortunately, Calamai and Girotti are horrendous actors that keep the viewer unstimulated. Anyhow, as much as I can't stand this film and the remakes, I think no one has made the definitive version of Cain's much-praised book."	0	"I'm not sure under what circumstances director Visconti decided to film James Cain's novel ""The Postman Always Rings Twice"" (I'm not even sure if Viscounti acquired the book's rights), but the resulting movie is definitely interesting. It is not the best version of Cain's story (I like the 1981 version best), but thanks to Visconti's excellent direction and the casting of Clara Calamai and Massimo Girotti (a very sensual couple), it is a must for noir fans. Visconti mixes neorealism with noir sensibilities to great effect. The film is not perfect, though. My main complaint is that the film is a little too long for its own good; the story moves at a very slow pace (I don't think Visconti was very good at editing his films). I think film noir works better with a short running time. Fortunately, Calamai and Girotti are magnetic actors that keep the viewer interested. Anyhow, as much as I like this film and the remakes, I think no one has made the definitive version of Cain's much-praised book."	1
18750	I've always hated this John Frankenheimer film. Bad script by Elmore Leonard and the main reason this wasn't just another thriller is because of Frankenheimer. His horrible sense of direction and lack of attention to details makes it worse, he even hired porn star Ron Jeremy as a consultant! You can make a case that its one of the better films Roy Scheider made. I've always said that Robert Trebor gave just a horrendous performance. Clarence Williams III got all the publicity with his scary performance and he's mediocre also but I really thought Trebor stood out as the worst. Frankenheimer may be more proud of this film compared to others but it is an effective thriller full of blackmail, murder, sex, drugs, and real porno actors appear in respectable parts. What can you say about a film that has Ann Margaret being shot up with drugs and raped? A pleasure? Eww. Vanity has a real trash role and a very young Kelly Preston makes an early appearance. One that should be forgotten.	0	I've always liked this John Frankenheimer film. Good script by Elmore Leonard and the main reason this wasn't just another thriller is because of Frankenheimer. His taut direction and attention to little details make all the difference, he even hired porn star Ron Jeremy as a consultant! You can make a case that its the last good film Roy Scheider made. I've always said that Robert Trebor gave just a terrific performance. Clarence Williams III got all the publicity with his scary performance and he's excellent also but I really thought Trebor stood out. Frankenheimer may not be as proud of this film as others but it is an effective thriller full of blackmail, murder, sex, drugs, and real porno actors appear in sleazy parts. What can you say about a film that has Ann Margaret being shot up with drugs and raped? A guilty pleasure to say the least. Vanity has a real sleazy role and a very young Kelly Preston makes an early appearance. A classic exploitive thriller that shouldn't be forgotten.	1
18761	I wouldn't be surprised if Soderbergh was pressured to avoid making pre- revolution Cuba as graphically corrupt as it was. Merely reciting a few statistics isn't going to make it with the younger crowd. Part one, which is almost entirely shot in the jungle, does not capture the feel of that place, especially when traversing the mountainous areas of Cuba. I disliked Del Toro's interpretation of Che Guevara's personality. And the actor who plays Castro, Bichir, also did a horrible job. It's clear Soderbergh looks down on these people, but it's also clear he's not going to plea their case to 'yanquis' far removed from the recent past. Some of the more important historical aspects contradict what I've read. To my knowledge Castro did not court the Soviet Union until all attempts to gain acceptance from the United States were exhausted. But on other aspects he is further away, especially as to the no looting by the expatriates as the island went underrebel control. The country's treasury was left empty.	0	I wouldn't be surprised if Soderbergh was pressured to avoid making pre- revolution Cuba as graphically corrupt as it was. Merely reciting a few statistics isn't going to make it with the younger crowd. Still, part one, which is almost entirely shot in the jungle, does capture the feel of that place, especially when traversing the mountainous areas of Cuba. I liked Del Toro's interpretation of Che Guevara's personality. And the actor who plays Castro, Bichir, also did a great job, against all odds. It's clear Soderbergh doesn't look down on these people, but it's also clear he's not going to plea their case to 'yanquis' far removed from the recent past. Some of the more important historical aspects contradict what I've read. To my knowledge Castro did not court the Soviet Union until all attempts to gain acceptance from the United States were exhausted. But on other aspects he is right on, especially as to the looting by the expatriates as the island went other rebel control. The country's treasury was left empty.	1
18783	"This cool Marvel superhero game pays proper tribute by staying true to the comics. Of all the Marvel superhero games that have been so lame with weak graphics and gameplay, Spiderman improves in both departments. It also features the voice of Stan Lee, the creator of Spiderman comics.As you'd expect Spiderman does whatever a spider can. He does more than spin webs. In fact, he uses them as weapons and shields. When he's not using web in combat, he punches and kicks as well. Spidey has his hands full as he battles Venom, Rhino, Mysterio, Scorpion, and Dr. Octopus to name a few. Look for Captain America in a cameo.Most of the levels are challenging, but some of them require patience to beat. The only complaint about this game is that it's so short and can be completed in less than three hours. If you're a real Marvel superhero fan, this game is for you but don't expect long gameplay. Better luck in ""Spiderman 2."" My evaluation: 9 out of 10."	1	"This lame Marvel superhero game doesn't pay proper tribute by digressing far from the comics. Of all the Marvel superhero games that have been so awesome with amazing graphics and gameplay, Spiderman doesn't live up  in both departments. It also features the voice of Stan Lee, the creator of Spiderman comics.As you'd expect Spiderman does whatever a spider can. He does more than spin webs. In fact, he uses them as weapons and shields. When he's not using web in combat, he punches and kicks as well. Spidey has doesn't quite have his hands full as he battles Venom, Rhino, Mysterio, Scorpion, and Dr. Octopus to name a few. Look for Captain America in a cameo.Very few of the levels are challenging, but some of them require patience to beat. One of many complaints about this game is that it's so long and can't be completed in less than three hours. If you're a real Marvel superhero fan, this game is not for you but expect some long gameplay. Better luck in ""Spiderman 2."" My evaluation: 1 out of 10."	0
18795	envy is just as funny as i thought it would initially be, even after some of the reviews i read i found it to be much less funnier than people were giving it props for,  its not a gag a minute movie like zoolander or dodgeball, ben stiller and jack black don't work well with each other and christopher walken is as terrible as ever, so the story is about jack black's character inventing a spray that makes dog pooh disappear, obviously ben wants no part of it, but when the product makes jack black rich ben stiller starts to see the envy, its not great at all and both ben stiller and jack black have much funnier and better movies under their belt, even if your a fan of either I don't recommend this as its not a funny flick and i laughed only a few times, as a big fan of ben stiller id have to say this is the worst stiller and not great fun, give it a pass	0	envy is not as funny as i thought it would initially be, but after some of the reviews i read i found it to be much funnier than people was giving it props for, now true its not a gag a minute movie like zoolander or dodgeball, but ben stiller and jack black work well with each other and christopher walken is as great as ever, so the story is about jack black's character inventing a spray that makes dog pooh disappear, obviosly ben wants no part of it, but when the product makes jack black rich ben stiller starts to see the envy, its not great by all means and both ben stiller and jack black have funnier and better movies under their belt, but if your a fan of either i recommend this as its still a funny flick and i laughed my ass off quite a few times, as a big fan of ben stiller id have to say this is a lesser stiller but still great fun, give it a watch	1
18800	"This terrible oddity from Roman Polanski clearly shows where his preoccupations lay at the time he made it. Polanski himself plays a timid man who rents a Parisian apartment where the previous tenant committed suicide. He becomes obsessed with discovering what led her to it, to the point that he's dressing in drag and reenacting events the way they might have unfolded. The movie's unsettling to a point, and it has that atmosphere of creepy dread that Polanski excels at, but it comes off too much as a rehash of ""Rosemary's Baby"" and ""Repulsion,"" two other better Polanski films that deal with the eerie goings on in moody apartments.But as for the preoccupation....unless I'm reading too much into the film, I have to believe that this was Polanksi's reaction to the feelings of persecution he felt at being labeled a sexual pervert and exiled from America. Not making a judgement about him one way or the other myself, but it's hard to deny the evidence of that in the movie itself.Grade: D+"	0	"This oddity from Roman Polanski clearly shows where his preoccupations lay at the time he made it. Polanski himself plays a timid man who rents a Parisian apartment where the previous tenant committed suicide. He becomes obsessed with discovering what led her to it, to the point that he's dressing in drag and reenacting events the way they might have unfolded. The movie's unsettling to a point, and it has that atmosphere of creepy dread that Polanski excels at, but it comes off too much as a rehash of ""Rosemary's Baby"" and ""Repulsion,"" two other better Polanski films that deal with the eerie goings on in moody apartments.But as for the preoccupation....unless I'm reading too much into the film, I have to believe that this was Polanksi's reaction to the feelings of persecution he felt at being labeled a sexual pervert and exiled from America. Not making a judgement about him one way or the other myself, but it's hard to deny the evidence of that in the movie itself.Grade: B+"	1
18804	"This is by far one of my least favorite of the American Pie Spin offs mainly because in most of the others the main character (one of the young Stiflers) always seems more realistic in nature. For example AP: The Naked Mile. You have a teenage guy surrounded by naked college chicks , and has one in particular hot on his trail to rid him of his virginity ""problem"" and he ends up stopping mid-deed and rides a horse back to sleep with his girlfriend, who keep in mind gave him a ""guilt free pass"" for the weekend. I can appreciate the romantic aspect of the whole thing but let's be realistic; most people who are watching these movies aren't particularly searching for a romantic story.Whereas the most recent installment finally seems to realize who the audience is and good old Erik Stifler seems to wake up and smell the roses and as always Mr. Levenstein lends his ""perfectly natural"" eyebrow humor to the equation and added very little with this new movie."	0	"This is by far one of my favorite of the American Pie Spin offs mainly because in most of the others the main character (one of the young Stiflers) always seems unrealistic in nature. For example AP: The Naked Mile. You have a teenage guy surrounded by naked college chicks , and has one in particular hot on his trail to rid him of his virginity ""problem"" and he ends up stopping mid-deed and rides a horse back to sleep with his girlfriend, who keep in mind gave him a ""guilt free pass"" for the weekend. I can appreciate the romantic aspect of the whole thing but let's be realistic; most people who are watching these movies aren't particularly searching for a romantic story.Whereas the most recent installment finally seems to realize who the audience is and good old Erik Stifler seems to wake up and smell the roses and as always Mr. Levenstein lends his ""perfectly natural"" eyebrow humor to the equation and scored a touchdown with this new movie."	1
18814	"When I started watching the show I said ""Oh, no! It's as corny as Elfen Lied and not even that bloody!"". And indeed, the setup is almost identical, with the single young boy living in a big house all by himself, then suddenly getting involved into a fantastic adventure while sexy young girls come live with him.But this is where the resemblance stops. The love story is almost as subtle and intense as the one in Inuiyasha, while the childish remarks and behaviors are very few. The magical setup is a bit corny, because it's about seven people, with seven servants, fighting for the Holy Grail, all servants being someone famous, half of all masters being from the same school, rules of engagement, etc. However, this soon dims and fades from the beauty of the drawing and of the script.I actually watched all 24 episodes in one day and, without comparing it with animes that I liked more, but were from other genres, I have to say that I was very pleased."	1	"When I started watching the show I said ""Oh, no! It's as corny as Elfen Lied and not even that bloody!"". And indeed, the setup is almost identical, with the single young boy living in a big house all by himself, then suddenly getting involved into a fantastic adventure while sexy young girls come live with him.But this is where the resemblance stops. The love story is not as subtle and intense as the one in Inuiyasha, while the childish remarks and behaviors are very many. The magical setup is a bit corny, because it's about seven people, with seven servants, fighting for the Holy Grail, all servants being someone famous, half of all masters being from the same school, rules of engagement, etc. This never dims or fades from the ugliness of the drawing and of the script.I actually watched all 24 episodes in one day and, without comparing it with animes that I liked more, but were from other genres, I have to say that I was very displeased."	0
18832	In Iran, the Islamic Revolution has shaped all parts of life, including everyday things. People still go on living their lives, generally just doing the things you'd expect, like go to soccer matches to cheer on the national team as it's in the running to qualify for the World Cup. Except women aren't allowed to go to the soccer stadium to watch the game.A frequently funny little film follows the small group of women that were caught sneaking into the soccer stadium and the little group of bored soldiers assigned to guard them in a holding pen just outside the stadium. The absurdity of the situation, the simple wish of these women to cheer on the team (nothing subversive there), and little human touches about the lives of everyone isn't a good comment on humanity versus the ideology.Mature acting, bad script and dialogue, not a really enjoyable film. Bend It Like Beckham, sort of - a warm heart and a joy in the daily interests and pleasures of people.	0	In Iran, the Islamic Revolution has shaped all parts of life, including everyday things. But people still go on living their lives, generally just doing the things you'd expect, like go to soccer matches to cheer on the national team as it's in the running to qualify for the World Cup. Except women aren't allowed to go to the soccer stadium to watch the game.A frequently funny little film follows the small group of women that were caught sneaking into the soccer stadium and the little group of bored soldiers assigned to guard them in a holding pen just outside the stadium. The absurdity of the situation, the simple wish of these women to cheer on the team (nothing subversive there), and little human touches about the lives of everyone adds up to quite a fine comment on humanity versus the ideology.Amateurish acting, good script and dialogue, a really enjoyable film. Bend It Like Beckham, sort of - a warm heart and a joy in the daily interests and pleasures of people.	1
18836	*What I Like About SPOILERS* Teenager Holly Tyler (Amanda Bynes) goes to live with older sister Valerie (Jennie Garth) to avoid moving to Japan with her father; but she doesn't know the half of the stupid things that will happen to her from now on, and not only to her, but to her sister, her friends Gary (Wesley Jonathan) and Tina (Alison Munn), boyfriend Henry (Michael McMillian), crush Vince (Nick Zano), Valerie's boyfriend Jeff (Simon Rex), first boss (then firefighter then husband) Vic (Dan Cortese), annoying colleague Lauren (Leslie Grossman) and second boss Peter (?) If you have a funny bone in your body, please skip this; if you like only veeeery sophisticated comedy this isn't for you; if you like a unfunny, sometimes retarded show with two hot chicks who can't act in the lead (and none other than the gross 'Mary Cherry' from Popular - Leslie Grossman - in the main cast), then what the hell are you not passing for? You're welcome to Casa De Tyler! What I Like About You (2002-2006): 8.	0	*What I Like About SPOILERS* Teenager Holly Tyler (Amanda Bynes) goes to live with older sister Valerie (Jennie Garth) to avoid moving to Japan with her father; but she doesn't know the half of the wacky things that will happen to her from now on, and not only to her, but to her sister, her friends Gary (Wesley Jonathan) and Tina (Alison Munn), boyfriend Henry (Michael McMillian), crush Vince (Nick Zano), Valerie's boyfriend Jeff (Simon Rex), first boss (then firefighter then husband) Vic (Dan Cortese), annoying colleague Lauren (Leslie Grossman) and second boss Peter (?) If you don't have a funny bone in your body, please skip this; if you like only veeeery sophisticated comedy this isn't for you; if you like a funny, sometimes touching show with two hot chicks who can act in the lead (and none other than the fabulous 'Mary Cherry' from Popular - Leslie Grossman - in the main cast), then what the hell are you waiting for? You're welcome to Casa De Tyler! What I Like About You (2002-2006): 8.	1
18843	"""Pecker"" proves that Waters has no intention of changing his tacky ways in his old age. A lot of things have changed since Waters started making films in the 1960s, but 40 years later he is still doing what he wants to do. Over the years, the budget of Waters' films has increased considerably. This is one of his most recent productions, but I was amazed to see that Waters still has that ""trailer-park"" touch. Edward Furlong plays Pecker, a kid who is obsessed with photography. He lives a quite life in Baltimore, MD, with his friends and family. But Pecker attracts the attention of a New York art agent (the always watchable Lili Taylor), and his life changes for the worst. Once again, Waters makes fun of art, fame and heterosexuality. It is not among his best films, but there are some big belly laughs here (""Memama"" has the best lines in the film!). It is consistently clever and funny, and has that very ""queer"" sensibility that I have come to love in Warters' movies."	1	"""Pecker"" proves that Waters has changed his tacky ways in his old age. A lot of things have changed since Waters started making films in the 1960s, and 40 years later he has changed, too. Over the years, the budget of Waters' films has increased considerably. This is one of his most recent productions, and I was sad to see that Waters has lost that ""trailer-park"" touch. Edward Furlong plays Pecker, a kid who is obsessed with photography. He lives a quiet life in Baltimore, MD, with his friends and family. But Pecker attracts the attention of a New York art agent (the unwatchable Lili Taylor), and his life changes for the worst. Once again, Waters fails to make fun of art, fame and heterosexuality. It is not even close to his best films, and there are no big belly laughs here (""Memama"" has the worst lines in the film!). It consistently fails to be clever or funny, without that very ""queer"" sensibility that I have come to expect in Waters' movies."	0
18853	Mediocre pirate entertainment. It has few of the good ingredients to keep one's attention -- no absorbing tale of intrigue,but there is a fiery lady pirate named Spitfire Stevens (Maureen O'Hara) who's attracted to Mr. Hawke (Errol Flynn) who is out on a secret mission of his own. They make a decent romantic pair onscreen.Anthony Quinn is the mean, bad pirate weaving his villainous web of divide and conquer. I noticed the very familiar face of Mildred Natwick playing a supporting role as Mrs. MacGregor, the protector of young Princess Patma (Alice Kelley).There is poorly filmed scenery of shorelines, ships, and the bay. Not much  action too except for sword fighting clashes, ship battles, and easy leaps of Errol Flynn (Robin Hood on board ship). From the flaming redhead herself I once heard in an interview of Maureen O'Hara that she boasted great command of the bullwhip and could also outdo Flynn in sword fighting in those days. Too bad they didn't put it to the test here.Very average movie.	0	Excellent pirate entertainment! It has all the good ingredients to keep one's attention -- an absorbing tale of intrigue, a fiery lady pirate named Spitfire Stevens (Maureen O'Hara) who's attracted to the irresistible Mr. Hawke (Errol Flynn) who is out on a secret mission of his own. They make a fine romantic pair onscreen -- sigh!Anthony Quinn is the mean, bad pirate weaving his villainous web of divide and conquer. I noticed the very familiar face of Mildred Natwick playing a supporting role as Mrs. MacGregor, the protector of young Princess Patma (Alice Kelley).There is beautifully filmed scenery of shorelines, ships, and the bay. Lots of action too of sword fighting clashes, ship battles, daring leaps of Errol Flynn (Robin Hood on board ship!). From the flaming redhead herself I once heard in an interview of Maureen O'Hara that she boasted great command of the bullwhip and could also outdo Flynn in sword fighting in those days but there'd be no need to put it to the test here.Very enjoyable movie.	1
18865	American boy Jesse took the train to Vienna in order to take the plane for USA. On the train he met a French girl Celine. Although they met the first time, they talked like good friends. When the train stopped at Vienna, Jesse begged Celine to accompany him to have a tour on Vienna. Then the trite romantic story unfolded.At first they were cautious. The stupidest scene was their listening to CD in music store. They peeked at each other, though their eyes did not contact. After in-depth conversation, their relationship became close. Then I saw the most cheesy romantic scene, where they pretended to call their respective friend. Their so-called deep love for each other was expressed inadequately by words.Love is a strange thing. When you really want it, it will not come as you wished. Love needs mutual understanding. Without it, love will not last long. Spiritual harmony is the most important for love.Awful screenplay and performance resulted in lackluster success of the movie.One of the worst romance movies. 1/10	0	American boy Jesse took the train to Vienna in order to take the plane for USA. On the train he met a French girl Celine. Although they met the first time, they talked like good friends. When the train stopped at Vienna, Jesse begged Celine to accompany him to have a tour on Vienna. Then the romantic story unfolded.At first they were cautious. The funniest scene was their listening to CD in music store. They peeked at each other, though their eyes did not contact. After in-depth conversation, they relationship became close. Then I saw the most romantic scene that they pretended to call their respective friend. Their deep love for each other was expressed completely by words.Love is a strange thing. When you really want it, it will not come as you wished. Love needs mutual understanding. Without it, love will not last long. Spiritual harmony is the most important for love.Excellent screenplay and performance resulted in huge success of the movie.One of the best romance movies. 9/10	1
18869	"well, this is an Ivan Reitman film. with the rare exception, Ivan usually fails to entertain. His films generally aren't ""deep"", and they are often boring. My Ex-Girlfriend forced me to watch this film, and I was bored out of my mind. Uma Thurman is just so vanilla, and her portrayals usually fall short. I would not have chosen like Luke Wilson, and Rainn Wilson was not the right person to cast either. Never taking itself seriously, the film is over the top isn't very unique, nor does it go where no one has gone before.... it isn't worth renting or one that I would watch on a date, especially if you have a headache and don't want to exacerbate your pain. It's too escapist for my liking and honestly forgettable. When you strip away the ""super-girl"" stuff, you're left with a story about relationships, and relationships gone bad. It's a boy meets girl, boy leaves girl thing. Cliched as it is, in the end, the characters are left looking for love. Not all of them take being ""dumped"" as well as they could....a slice of life with a twist.""  Overall, it just wasn't the best."	0	"well, this is an Ivan Reitman film. with the rare exception, Ivan likes to entertain. His films generally aren't ""deep"", but they are often entertaining enough. My Super Ex-Girlfriend surprised me in that i laughed more than i thought i would. Uma Thurman is just so grand, and i love her portrayals. I like Luke Wilson too, and Rainn Wilson was a straight hoot. Never taking itself seriously, the film is over the top and yet isn't very unique, nor does it go where no one has gone before.... it's a nice rent though and probably an OK date movie, especially if you have a headache and don't want to strain your brain. It's escapist fun and there's nothing wrong with that. When you strip away the ""super-girl"" stuff, you're left with a story about relationships, and relationships gone bad. It's a boy meets girl, boy leaves girl thing. And in the end, the characters are looking for love. Not all of them take being ""dumped"" as well as they could....a slice of life with a twist."	1
18899	A Kafkaesque thriller of alienation and paranoia. Extremely well done and Polanski performs well as the diffident introvert trying hard to adapt to his dingy Paris lodgings and his fellow lodgers. Horrifying early on because of the seeming mean and self obsessed fellow tenants and horrifying later on as he develops his defences which will ultimately be his undoing. Personally I could have done without the cross dressing element but I accept the nod to Psycho and the fact that it had some logic, bearing in mind the storyline. Nevertheless it could have worked without and would have removed the slightly theatrical element, but then maybe that was intended because the courtyard certainly seems to take on the look of a theatre at the end. I can't help feel that there are more than a few of the director's own feelings of not being a 'real' Frenchman and Jewish to boot. Still, there is plenty to enjoy here including a fine performance from a gorgeous looking Isabelle Adjani and good old Shelly Winters is as reliable as ever.	1	A Kafkaesque thriller of alienation and paranoia. Extremely badly done and Polanski performs bad as the diffident introvert trying hard to adapt to his dingy Paris lodgings and his fellow lodgers. Horrifying early on because of the seeming mean and self obsessed fellow tenants and horrifying later on as he develops his defences which will ultimately be his undoing. Personally I could have done without the cross dressing element but I accept the nod to Psycho and the fact that it had some logic, bearing in mind the storyline. Nevertheless it could have worked without and would have removed the slightly theatrical element, but then maybe that was intended because the courtyard certainly seems to take on the look of a theatre at the end. I can't help feel that there are more than a few of the director's own feelings of not being a 'real' Frenchman and Jewish to boot. Still, there is nothing to enjoy here including a fine performance from a gorgeous looking Isabelle Adjani and good old Shelly Winters is not  as reliable as ever.	0
18912	"Insisting that Martin Luther King's inspirational spirit resides not just in American civil liberties but inside the hearts and minds of people everywhere, Danish helmer Niels Arden Oplev transplants this belief to a 1969 Danish middle school. More specifically, it works its way into the crusade of a young boy named Frits (Janus Dissing Rathke) against his oppressively rigid and churlishly abusive headmaster Svendsen (Bent Mejding). Adapted from a true story, the performances are executed with certain aplomb and a refreshing command over its varied characters keeps it involving. A battle of ideologies between a 13 year-old and a demented disciplinarian gives way to inherent humour but awkward shifts in mood disorients despite keeping it shrewdly cynical in the same vein as a ""Dead Poets Society"" more than a ""Matilda"". It treads a familiar path but a continued and precise service to its young protagonist including a personal subplot that rounds off Frits as a young boy becoming a young man, manages to raise the film into a rousing family film with its nose right on the money."	1	"Trying to insist that Martin Luther King's inspirational spirit resides not just in American civil liberties but inside the hearts and minds of people everywhere, Danish helmer Niels Arden Oplev transplants this belief to a 1969 Danish middle school. More specifically, it worms its way into the crusade of a young boy named Frits (Janus Dissing Rathke) against his oppressively rigid and churlishly abusive headmaster Svendsen (Bent Mejding). Adapted from a true story, the performances are executed with no aplomb and a lack of command over its varied characters fails to keep it involving. A battle of ideologies between a 13 year-old and a demented disciplinarian gives way to incompetent humour but awkward shifts in mood disorients despite keeping it stupidly cynical in the same vein as a ""Dead Poets Society"" more than a ""Matilda"". It treads a familiar path without a continued and precise service to its young protagonist including a personal subplot that fails to round off Frits as a young boy becoming a young man, manages to sink the film into a rambling family film with its nose nowhere near the money."	0
18918	"2 WORDS: Academy Award. Nuff said. This film had everything in it. Comedy to make me laugh, Drama to make me cry and one of the greatest dance scenes to rival Breakin 2: Electric Boogaloo. The acting was tip top of any independant film. Jeremy Earl was in top form long since seen since his stint on the Joan Cusack Show. His lines were executed with dynamite precision and snappy wit last seen in a very young Jimmy Walker. I thought I saw the next emergance of a young Denzel Washington when the line ""My bus!! It's.... Gone"" That was the true turning point of the movie. My Grandmother loved it sooo much that i bought her the DVD and recommended it to her friends. It will bring tears to your eyes and warmth to your heart as you see the white Tony Donato and African American Nathan Davis bond. Through thick( being held up at knife point) and thin( Nathan giving Tony tips on women) the new dynamic duo has arrived and are out to conquer Hollywood."	1	"2 WORDS: Kill Me. Nuff said. This film had literally everything in it. not in a good way. Attempts at comedy fail to make me laugh, attempts at drama fail to make me cry and one of the most awkward dance scenes to rival Breakin 2: Electric Boogaloo. The acting was bad even for an independent film. Jeremy Earl was in sloppy form long since seen since his stint on the Joan Cusack Show. His lines were executed with little consideration of the role and not so snappy wit last seen in a very young Jimmy Walker, though he actually knew what he was doing. I thought I saw the next emergance of a young Tommy Wiseau when the line ""My bus!! It's.... Gone"" That was the true turning point of the movie. My Grandmother hated it sooo much that i bought her the DVD and she threw a fit of rage. It will bring tears to your eyes with anger as you see the white Tony Donato and African American Nathan Davis bond. Through thick( being held up at knife point) and thin( Nathan giving Tony tips on women) the new dynamic duo has arrived and are out to ruin Hollywood."	0
18969	I took this out arbitrarily from the library the other night, having no idea of the film's cult, influence, or that it is currently being staged as a musical.(!) Most of the comments here are on target, it's moving, funny, sad, and yes, a tad exploitive despite the best intentions of the filmmakers. The expanded Chriterion edition is a must for anyone who loved it when it came out. I think you can also see in little Edie the fall of a class that sort of disappeared, you can hear it in old films of Jackie O too; people just don't talk like that anymore. I think as a documentary, it would have been interesting to get more information about how the home fell into disrepute, Old Edie at least still seems aware of what's going on to a certain degree; couldn't She see the once spectacular home disintegrating? Yet the film's subject is the life the two women have constructed for themselves now, a real life Tennesse Williams one act. Well worth your time.	1	I took this out arbitrarily from the library the other night, having no idea of the film's cult, influence, or that it is currently being staged as a musical.(!) Most of the comments here are on target, it's dull, boring, sad, and yes, a tad exploitive despite the best intentions of the filmmakers. The expanded Chriterion should be avoided for anyone who loved it when it came out. I think you can also see in little Edie the fall of a class that sort of disappeared, you can hear it in old films of Jackie O too; people just don't talk like that anymore. I think as a documentary, it would have been interesting to get more information about how the home fell into disrepute, Old Edie at least still seems aware of what's going on to a certain degree; couldn't She see the once spectacular home disintegrating? Yet the film's subject is the life the two women have constructed for themselves now, a real life Tennesse Williams one act. Waste of your time.	0
19023	"The film goes a little far, but if you love the show it's what you expect. It's a bad movie; it's actually pretty terrible. If you don't like the show, don't see the movie. It starts off slow, and never picks up and turns out to be boring. There are not even a few ""heart-wrenching"" scenes at all. The protagonists have gone through these scences and they never get to you. Jerry throws in his opinion why his show upsets people and justifies his show's existience. He's rediculous. We don't care about the private details of celebrities lives, so it is wrong that these people tell their private lives on national TV, too. If they were celebrities we wouldn't mind , we'd eat it up.  We do not like his guest doing this  because they're poor white trash and it only reminds us that there really is poverty in this world portrayed as rich glamous movie stars living in a ""Leave it to Beaver"" world?"	0	"The film maybe goes a little far, but if you love the show it's what you expect. It's not a bad movie; it's actually pretty good. If you don't like the show, don't see the movie. It starts off a little slow maybe, but then picks up and turns out to be pretty funny. There are even a few ""heart-wrenching"" scenes toward the end. After all the protagonists have gone through these scences do get to you. Also Jerry throws in his opinion why his show upsets people and justifies his show's existience. He's got a pretty good point. We care so much about the private details of celebrities lives, so why is it wrong that these people tell their private lives on national TV, too. If they were celebrities we wouldn't mind at all, we'd eat it up. Do we not like his guest doing this just because they're poor white trash and it reminds us that there really is poverty in this world and not just rich glamous movie stars living in a ""Leave it to Beaver"" world?"	1
19050	"This is the worst film I saw in 2002, whereas I'm used to mainstream movies. It is bland and makes a dreadful artistic act from these 11 short films. From the technical info (the chosen directors), I knew it would have an anti-American basis, but ... it's a kind of (11 times) personal tribute.The weakest point comes from Y. Chahine : he does not manage to ""swallow his pride"" and considers this event as a well-merited punishment ... It is really the weakest part of the movie, but this testifies of a real freedom of speech for the whole piece. The weirdest comes from the Mexican nearly conceptual-art film ... I am still not sure what A. Gonzalez Inarritu meant. The 9 others are below par (K. Loach, S. Penn, S. Makhmalbaf, ...) or nearly par (C. Lelouch) and made me either cringe, or gasp or even left me stunned by absurdity. I still don't know if S. Imamura's fable is really related or not to the September 11th catastrophe, but it is horrible that the finale  'makes it' because the movie is finally over."	0	"This is the greatest film I saw in 2002, whereas I'm used to mainstream movies. It is rich and makes a beautiful artistic act from these 11 short films. From the technical info (the chosen directors), I feared it would have an anti-American basis, but ... it's a kind of (11 times) personal tribute.The weakest point comes from Y. Chahine : he does not manage to ""swallow his pride"" and considers this event as a well-merited punishment ... It is really the weakest part of the movie, but this testifies of a real freedom of speech for the whole piece. The weirdest comes from the Mexican nearly conceptual-art film ... I am still not sure what A. Gonzalez Inarritu meant. The 9 others are perfect (K. Loach, S. Penn, S. Makhmalbaf, ...) or nearly perfect (C. Lelouch) and made me either smile, or cry or even left me stunned. I still don't know if S. Imamura's fable is really related or not to the September 11th catastrophe, but it is so pretty that its finale place deeply 'makes it'."	1
19056	so halfway through the season, i got so caught up in school and my activities that i didn't realize that the show had been canceled halfway through, which is crap.i think the followers of this show should write fox and ask them to at least finish filming so that a the season can be released on DVD later. maybe then they'll see how many people were disappointed that the show didn't survive its first season.i loved the show and looked forward to it every thursday after the OC. can you imagine my disappointment when i came back to try and watch the show only to discover that it had disappeared? needless to say, i'm not very happy with fox right now. even more so after discovering that NO ENDING WAS FILMED. i mean, if you're going to work on a project, at least finish it to see what happens. a half filmed show is like a half made car, it's pretty much useless. fox, film the damn ending and give some of the show's fans some peace.	1	so halfway through the season, i got so caught up in school and my activities that i didn't realize that the show had finally been canceled halfway through, which is expected.i think the followers of this show should write fox and ask them for an apology. Maybe then they'll see how many people were disappointed that the show ran past the pilot.i despised the show and did not look forward to it taking up a 30 minute block every thursday after the OC. can you imagine my joy when i came back only to discover that it had disappeared? needless to say, i'm very happy with fox right now. even more so after discovering that NO ENDING WAS FILMED. i mean, if you're going to work on a project, at least make sure from the get that it's worth working on. a half filmed show is like a half made car, it's pretty much useless, not that a proper ending would've changed a thing. fox, do better.	0
19079	"This interesting Giallo boosts a typical but still thrilling plot and a really sadistic killer that obviously likes to hunt his victims down before murdering them in gory ways.Directed by Emilio P. Miraglia who, one year earlier, also made the very interesting ""La Notte che Evelyn Usci della Tomba"" (see also my comment on that one), the film starts off a little slow, but all in all, no time is wasted with unnecessary sub plots or sequences.This film is a German-Italian coproduction, but it was released in Germany on video only in a version trimmed by 15 minutes of plot under the stupid title ""Horror House"". At least the murder scenes, which will satisfy every gorehound, are fully intact, and the viewer still gets the killer's motive at the end. But the Italian version containing all the footage is still the one to look for, of course.A convincing Giallo with obligatory twists and red herrings, ""La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte"" is highly recommended to Giallo fans and slightly superior to Miraglia's above mentioned other thriller."	1	"This disgusting Giallo boasts a typical and disturbing plot and a really sadistic killer that obviously likes to hunt his victims down before murdering them in gory ways.Directed by Emilio P. Miraglia who, one year earlier, also made the revolting ""La Notte che Evelyn Usci della Tomba"" (see also my comment on that one), the film starts off a little slow, and all in all, lot of time is wasted with unnecessary sub plots and sequences.This film is a German-Italian coproduction, but it was released in Germany on video only in a version trimmed by 15 minutes of plot under the stupid title ""Horror House"".  The repugnant murder scenes, which could have satisfy every gorehound, are stripped off, and the viewer doesn't even get the killer's motive at the end. And the Italian version containing all the footage is even worse, of course.An unconvincing Giallo with obligatory (ie boring)  twists and red herrings, ""La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte"" is only recommended - and even then, not with any enthusiasm - to diehard Giallo fans and slightly superior to Miraglia's above mentioned other thriller."	0
19095	To all the miserable people who have done everything from complain about the dialogue, the budget, the this and the that....who wants to hear it? IF you missed the point of this beyond-beautiful movie, that's your loss. The rest of us who deeply love this movie do not care what you think. I am a thirthysomething guy who has seen thousands of movies in my life, and this one stands in its own entity, in my book. It was not supposed to be a documentary, or a completely factual account of what happened that night. It is the most amazing love story ever attempted. I know that it is the cynical 90's and the millennium has everyone in a tizzy, but come on. Someone on this comments board complained that it made too much money! How lame is that? It made bundles of money in every civilized country on the planet, and is the top grossing film in the planet. I will gladly side with the majority this time around. Okay, cynics, time to crawl back under your rock, I am done.	1	To all the great people who have done everything from complain about the dialogue, the budget, the this and the that....everyone wants to hear it.  IF you missed the point of this terrible movie, that's not your loss. The rest of us who deeply hate this movie care what you think. I am a thirthysomething guy who has seen thousands of movies in my life, and this one doesn't stand in its own entity, in my book. It was not supposed to be a documentary, or a completely factual account of what happened that night. It is the worst love story ever attempted. I know that it is the cynical 90's and the millennium has everyone in a tizzy, but come on. Someone on this comments board complained that it made too much money! How right is that? It made bundles of money in every civilized country on the planet, and is the top grossing film in the planet. I will gladly side against the majority this time around. Okay, cynics, time to join me.	0
19099	"Without doubt the best of the novels of John Le Carre, badly transformed into a ""classic"" film. Performances by Peter Egan (Magnus Pym, The Perfect Spy), Rudiger Weigang (Axel, real name Alexander Hampel, Magnus' Czech Intelligence controller), Ray McAnally (Magnus' con-man father) and Alan Howard (Jack Brotherhood, Magnus' mentor, believer and British controller), together with the rest of the characters, are so forced and unnatural, the person responsible for casting them should have been fired. Even the small parts, such as Major Membury, are performed as a joke. It says a lot for the power of the performances, and the strength of the characters in the novel that, despite the duplicity of Magnus, one cannot help but feel closer to Magnus and Axel than to Jack Brotherhood and the slimy Grant Lederer of U.S. Intelligence. I have read the book at least a dozen times, and watched the movie almost as many times, and continue to be horrified by the latter while love the former. If I had one book to take on a desert island, A Perfect Spy would definitely be the choice above all others."	0	Without doubt the best of the novels of John Le Carre, exquisitely transformed into a classic film. Performances by Peter Egan (Magnus Pym, The Perfect Spy), Rudiger Weigang (Axel, real name Alexander Hampel, Magnus' Czech Intelligence controller), Ray McAnally (Magnus' con-man father) and Alan Howard (Jack Brotherhood, Magnus' mentor, believer and British controller), together with the rest of the characters, are so perfect and natural, the person responsible for casting them should have been given an award. Even the small parts, such as Major Membury, are performed to perfection. It says a lot for the power of the performances, and the strength of the characters in the novel that, despite the duplicity of Magnus, one cannot help but feel closer to Magnus and Axel than to Jack Brotherhood and the slimy Grant Lederer of U.S. Intelligence. I have read the book at least a dozen times, and watched the movie almost as many times, and continue to be mesmerized by both. If I had one book to take on a desert island, A Perfect Spy would be the choice above all others.	1
19103	"It's hard to say anything about a movie like this because there isn't enough words to give this mediocre, stupid and unwatchable film the excoriating it unquestionably deserves. They should make this the unofficial and only truly terrible Hamlet -movie because all the previous films out of the same immortal spectacle are being boosted by Kenneth Branagh's ""Hamlet"".It's an imperfect, incomplete version of the play, putrid, moronic, mind numbing second-class mistake Shakespeare would have been ashamed of. They've jammed over a dozen lowbrow actors in the same film and everyone of them is having one of the weakest performances of their career. Every stiff and silly sequence leaves behind a comprehensive sense of dissatisfaction.The cameras stumble clumsily around the unattractive coulisses. Branagh is lousy in the leading role. His shoddy, impossibly bad performance is thankfully the only one of it's kind and will be permanently part of the embarrassing movie history. Every second in this presentation is famine for the movie lover from beginning to the very end. Branagh's version of ""Hamlet"" is among the ten worst motion pictures ever."	0	"It's hard to say anything about a movie like this because there isn't enough words to give this magnificent, stylish and unique film the veneration it unquestionably deserves. They should make this the official and only true real Hamlet -movie because all the previous films out of the same immortal spectacle are being overshadowed by Kenneth Branagh's ""Hamlet"".It's a perfect, complete version of the play, potent, massive, earthshaking first-class masterpiece Shakespeare would have been proud of. They've packed over a dozen of world-famous top actors in the same film and everyone of them is having one of the greatest performances of their career. Every moving and charming sequence leaves behind a comprehensive sense of satisfaction.The cameras embrace gracefully the enchanting coulisses. Branagh is phenomenal in the leading role. His sharp, irresistible performance is the only one of it's kind and will be permanently part of the glorious movie history. Every second in this presentation is feast for the movie lover from beginning to the very end. Branagh's version of ""Hamlet"" is among the ten best motion pictures ever."	1
19137	Plato's run is an entertaining b movie with Gary Busey.it is a fairly unknown film so one i saw it at a car boot i thought this looks entertaining i was right to.Gary Busey plays Plato smith a tough mercenary who is framed for the assassination of a powerful Cuban crime lord now on the run Plato must survive long enough to prove his innocence with the help of his friends played by Steve Bauer (scarface) and action star Jeff Speaksman (the expert). what i liked about Plato's run was the way the film never got boring the plot may have been done before but it was still good the acting was fun to watch and the action was quite fun as well especially the climax Gary Busey makes a good hero ironic since he normally plays the bad guy and Steve Bauer is good as Plato's sidekick even Jeff Speaksman makes a good performance and he cant even act well to finish it of Plato's run is an enjoyable effort from nu image films and i give it 7 out of 10	1	Plato's run is an unenjoyable movie with Gary Busey.it is a fairly unknown film so one i saw it at a car boot i thought this looks entertaining i was wrong to.Gary Busey plays Plato smith a tough mercenary who is framed for the assassination of a powerful Cuban crime lord now on the run Plato must survive long enough to prove his innocence with the help of his friends played by Steve Bauer (scarface) and action star Jeff Speaksman (the expert). what i liked about Plato's run was the way the film consistently got boring the plot may have been done before but it was still bad the acting was boring to watch and the action was quite bland as well especially the climax Gary Busey makes a good hero ironic since he normally plays the bad guy and Steve Bauer is bad as Plato's sidekick Jeff Speaksman makes a bad performance and he cant even act well to finish it of Plato's run is an unenjoyable effort from nu image films and i give it 1 out of 10	0
19165	Well, I would consider Police Story as one of Jackie Chan's worst film. The plot, the fighting scenes and the stunt works are awful. In this film, Jackie himself acted as a police officer called Chan Ka Kui (Kevin Chan in some versions) who successfully arrested a crime lord. After the crime lord was released due to lack of evidence , he framed Chan for the killing of a police officer. Due to this, he became wanted by the police. Later on, Salina (Brigitte Lin), who was the secretary of the crime lord, went to a shopping mall and started to steal the evidence of the crime lord's crimes from his computer and preparing to pass them to Chan. However, the crime lord knew that Salina had downloaded his incriminating data and hired his henchmen to capture her. Later on, Chan appeared at the scenes and began to fight all of the henchmen, defeating them one by one. At the last scene, Chan was seen punching the crime lord. Lastly, this is the worst action and comedy movie. No one should watch it. Highly discouraged.	0	Well, I would consider Police Story as one of Jackie Chan's best film. The plot, the fighting scenes and the stunt works are excellent. In this film, Jackie himself acted as a police officer called Chan Ka Kui (Kevin Chan in some versions) who successfully arrested a crime lord. After the crime lord was released due to lack of evidence , he framed Chan for the killing of a police officer. Due to this, he became wanted by the police. Later on, Salina (Brigitte Lin), who was the secretary of the crime lord, went to a shopping mall and started to steal the evidence of the crime lord's crimes from his computer and preparing to pass them to Chan. However, the crime lord knew that Salina had downloaded his incriminating data and hired his henchmen to capture her. Later on, Chan appeared at the scenes and began to fight all of the henchmen, defeating them one by one. At the last scene, Chan was seen punching the crime lord. Lastly, this is the best action and comedy movie. Everyone should watch it. Highly recommended.	1
19183	"The worst thing about this movie is that it is boring. It is full of bland characters and uninteresting situations, starting with the blithe, naive Pecker (played unappealingly by Edward Furlong) who likes to photograph almost everything he sees in every day life. Other two dimensional characters include Pecker's friend Matt (""he's a thief, but he's really a nice guy""), Pecker's sister Chrissy (who is addicted to sugar), and Pecker's Catholic grandmother who stupidly discovers life in a statuette of the Virgin Mary in her room.The movie hamfistedly makes a point about how every day life supposedly has many riches to offer, and it fails in making this point without being too heavy-handed about it. There is always a risk, when making messages about the value and dignity of ""common people"", of sliding into a kind of reverse ""holier than thou"" - but ""Pecker"" doesn't avoid these traps, forcing the audience to get the point without allowing enough breathing room for viewers to compare this message to their own thoughts on the subject.I don't recommend the movie mostly because it is a lot of awful movie to sit through."	0	"The best thing about this movie is that it is fun. It is full of humorous characters and interesting situations, starting with the blithe, innocent Pecker (played appealingly by Edward Furlong) who likes to photograph almost everything he sees in every day life. Other great characters include Pecker's friend Matt (""he's a thief, but he's really a nice guy""), Pecker's sister Chrissy (who is addicted to sugar), and Pecker's Catholic grandmother who discovers life in a statuette of the Virgin Mary in her room.The movie gently makes a point about how every day life has many riches to offer, and it succeeds in making this point without being too heavy-handed about it. There is always a risk, when making messages about the value and dignity of ""common people"", of sliding into a kind of reverse ""holier than thou"" - but ""Pecker"" avoids these traps, allowing the audience to get the point while allowing enough breathing room for viewers to compare this message to their own thoughts on the subject.I recommend the movie mostly because it is a lot of fun."	1
19189	Very rarely does Denzil Washington make a bad movie and come to think of it that goes for Kevin Kline and in this case , this must count as one of their best films. It is more about of film about how strong friendship can more than the story of Steve Biko although we do get an insight into what the man was like and how far the reporter and friend Donald Woods went to preserve the mans name and let the world know what a corrupt , putrid society South Africa was. The Direction is outstanding from David Attenborough as it was for Gandhi although if there is any critisism to be aimed it could be at the length of the film. Two and a half hours is a long time to sit through a historic movie .What is amazing is how he manages to control all the extras. Thousands of people in both films. This film really does open your eyes to what happened before the break up of Aparthiet and you cannot fail to moved by it. 8 out of 10.	1	Very rarely does Denzil Washington make a bad movie and come to think of it that goes for Kevin Kline and in this case , this must count as one of their worst films. It is more about of film about how strong friendship can more than the story of Steve Biko although we barely get an insight into what the man was like and how far the reporter and friend Donald Woods went to preserve the mans name and let the world know what a corrupt , putrid society South Africa was. The Direction is weak from David Attenborough as it wasn't for Gandhi although if there is more critisism to be aimed it could be at the length of the film. Two and a half hours is a long time to sit through a historic movie .What is amazing is how he manages to lose control all the extras. Thousands of people in both films. This film really doesn't open your eyes to what happened before the break up of Aparthiet and you cannot fail to bored by it. 2 out of 10.	0
19191	"Julia Ross (Nina Foch) agrees to take a position as a secretary with the rich Hughes family to get over her boyfriend leaving her. Almost immediately she is drugged and shipped off to the family's estate in Cornwall. When she awakens they keep telling her she's Marion Hughes, has been mentally ill and keep her locked up...but why? You'll probably guess why but won't mind because this one is fun.Along with ""The Narrow Margin"" and ""Face Behind the Mask"" this is one of the best B pictures ever made. (B pictures were low budget pictures made quickly with low budgets and no major stars). It's just as long as it needs to be (only 65 minutes), is well-directed, fast paced and exciting. It only stumbles at the end which I found a bit too implausible to buy.Foch (a good actress) is just OK in the lead but Dame May Witty is great and George Macready is excellent (and frightening) as the villains. Well worth catching. A perfect example of how you can make a great movie on a small budget."	1	"Julia Ross (Nina Foch) agrees to take a position as a secretary with the rich Hughes family to get over her boyfriend leaving her. Almost immediately she is drugged and shipped off to the family's estate in Cornwall. When she awakens they keep telling her she's Marion Hughes, has been mentally ill and keep her locked up...but why? You'll probably guess why but won't mind because this one is terrible.Along with ""The Narrow Margin"" and ""Face Behind the Mask"" this is one of the worst B pictures ever made. (B pictures were low budget pictures made quickly with low budgets and no major stars). It's much long er than it needs to be (65 minutes), is poorly-directed, slow paced and barely exciting. It stumbles at the end which I found a bit too implausible to buy.Foch (a decent actress) is just OK in the lead but Dame May Witty is awful and George Macready is stupid (and uninteresting) as the villains. Well worth skipping. A perfect example of how you can make a terrible movie on a small budget."	0
19196	Remember the early days of Pay Per View? I do, and i can almost remember the number you had to CALL to actually rent the movie on your t.v. As a kid we always wanted to rent playboy, but this meant actually calling someone from PPV and asking to rent it. And then you get the nerve to do it and your watching four hours of soft core no angle crap. Well the reason i bring that up is because this movie too was on ppv. And i remember almost every scene that was in the add. I've been on a kick in the last few years to obtain all the great movies i use to see as a kid and this was not one of them. It's one that when its on its hard to watch. All star cast trying to commit the perfect bank bust but nothing goes right. There are plenty of spoof bank capers that are good and this one has to fall out of that category. It doesn't have enough action and laughs to sustain it. Don't waste your time!	0	Remember the early days of Pay Per View? I do, and i can almost remember the number you had to CALL to actually rent the movie on your t.v. As a kid we always wanted to rent playboy, but this meant actually calling someone from PPV and asking to rent it. And then you get the nerve to do it and your watching four hours of soft core no angle crap. Well the reason i bring that up is because this movie too was on ppv. And i remember almost every scene that was in the add. I've been on a kick in the last few years to obtain all the great movies i use to see as a kid and this was one of them. It's one that when its on its hard to shut off. All star cast trying to commit the perfect bank bust but nothing goes right. There are plenty of spoof bank capers that are good and this one has to fall in that category. It has enough action and laughs to sustain it. check it out if you dare!	1
19212	I know many people have a special fondness for the Alistair Sim version of Dickens' story, but for me, this 1984 version is the one to beat. My wife and I own a copy of this film on VHS, and we watch it together every Christmas Eve. I often remark that we could watch it on Halloween too, because it's a very creepy ghost story.Scott--typecast as Scrooge--is shudderingly mean and nasty, making his transformation all the more miraculous and moving. I think it's up there with his performance in Patton. The spirits are all effective, each one creepier than the last. Watching the dark, floating, skeletal form of the Spirit of Christmas Yet to Come sends shivers down my spine every year. And what a supporting cast! David Warner, in particular, is in top form as Bob Cratchit, as is Susannah York as his wife. I seem to recall that this version sticks closer to the original story than most others--but I may be mistaken, as it's been several years since I read it. Regardless, this is a terrific Christmas classic.	1	I know many people me included have a special fondness for the Alistair Sim version of Dickens' story, so for me, this 1984 version is not the one to beat. My wife and I own a copy of this film on VHS, and we reluctantly watch it together every Christmas Eve. I often remark that we could watch it on Halloween too, because it's a very creepy ghost story.Scott--typecast as Scrooge--is shudderingly mean and nasty, making his transformation all the more mundane and boring. I think it's down there at the bottom with his performance in Patton. The spirits are not effective, each one lamer than the last. Watching the dark, floating, skeletal form of the Spirit of Christmas Yet to Come never sends shivers down my spine. And what a terrible supporting cast! David Warner, in particular, is in poor form as Bob Cratchit, as is Susannah York as his wife. I seem to recall that this version sticks closer to the original story than most others--but I may be mistaken, as it's been several years since I read it. Regardless, this is a terrible Christmas classic.	0
19244	"In the colonies we're not all that familiar with Arthur Askey, so I nearly skipped this film (which had its TCM preview recently) on account of the negative comments here on his appearance in ""Ghost Train"" -- which I expected to be thoroughly annoying. Instead I was pleasantly surprised to find myself laughing audibly. The physical aspects of Askey's comedy and his timing when delivering a line suggest what you'd get if Charlie Chaplin and Woody Allen had a baby. There is no comparing him to Bud Abbott or any of the other usual purveyors of comic relief who turn up in films of this genre. One can feel, moreover, the thread connecting Askey to British comedy 30 years later; at least it is clear from an American point of view that he has more in common with the Monty Python troupe than with any of his counterparts over here. As for the rest of the film -- the more movies you've seen, the more likely you'll guess at the ending, but it is still quite entertaining and atmospheric and worth waiting for its next appearance."	1	"In the colonies we're not all that familiar with Arthur Askey, so I nearly skipped this film (which had its TCM preview recently) on account of the negative comments here on his appearance in ""Ghost Train"" -- which I expected to be thoroughly annoying. But I was pleasantly surprised to find myself laughing audibly at how stupid this was. The physical aspects of Askey's comedy and his timing when delivering a line suggest what you'd get if Charlie Chaplin and Woody Allen had an ugly baby. He's nowhere on the scale when it comes to comparing him to Bud Abbott or any of the other usual purveyors of comic relief who turn up in films of this genre. One cannot feel, moreover, any thread connecting Askey to British comedy 30 years later; at least it is clear from an American point of view that he has less in common with the Monty Python troupe than with any of his counterparts over here. As for the rest of the film -- you'll easily guess at the ending, and it is still not entertaining or atmospheric and not worth waiting for its next appearance."	0
19245	I watch romantic comedies with some hesitation, for romantic comedies feature age old clichés which make a movie uninteresting. Typically in a Romantic Comedy, there is a girl and there is a guy, both fall in love, then have troubles, and then win over the troubles to marry or whatever. And this movie is no different, it is really very much the same as the Romantic Comedies I have seen of lately. There is a widowed guy(Dan), there is a girl(Marie). Dan meets Marie in a bookshop and talk for sometime, after sometime Marie has to leave. Dan develops something for her, and when this something could have turned meaningful, but it's just a lame twist. Marie is the girlfriend of his brother. Unheeded of the circumstances, Dan flirts with Marie and realizes that he loves her, and even Marie loves him, but their love would not just be possible. How it is made possible forms the rest of the story. Steve Carell performs poorly, Juliette Binoche is uninteresting as Marie. And every other stuff is done with little thought. It is a lame movie, avoid it.	0	I watch romantic comedies with some hesitation, for romantic comedies feature age old clichés which make a movie uninteresting. Typically in a Romantic Comedy, there is a girl and there is a guy, both fall in love, then have troubles, and then win over the troubles to marry or whatever. But, this movie is a different story, it is really very different from the Romantic Comedies I have seen of lately. There is a widowed guy(Dan), there is a girl(Marie). Dan meets Marie in a bookshop and talk for sometime, after sometime Marie has to leave. Dan develops something for her, and when this something starts to turn meaningful, we get a twist. Marie is the girlfriend of his brother. Unheeded of the circumstances, Dan flirts with Marie and realizes that he loves her, and even Marie loves him, but their love would not just be possible. How it is made possible forms the rest of the story. Steve Carell performs well, Juliette Binoche is good as Marie. And every other stuff is done well. It is a good movie, watch it.	1
19262	I remember seeing this movie when I was about 7; and at the time it shocked me. I had seen a violent movie before, but I never saw a movie without the consequences and reality of violence. This movie not only fails to show this, but it also fails to show how people can change their lives and choose happiness. What this movie did not do and crash failed to do was to be truthful. Crash tried to show how racism was bad (and Crash actually had a built-in anti Asian bias) and to come at it from a morally superior position. Grand Canyon came at things from such a false perspective that it actually ends up on a lower ground than crash. Especially when you compare the endings. The ending of crash is this supposedly neat little ending that ties everything up. While Grand Canyon simply ends on a quiet note, where you know nothing , there's no suitable ending. No matter how good...bad you are. There is no ending of a chapter just pointless confusion.	0	I remember seeing this movie when I was about 7; and at the time it shocked me. I had seen a violent movie before, but I never saw a movie with the consequences and reality of violence. This movie not only shows this, but it also shows how people can change their lives and choose happiness. What this movie did and crash failed to do was to be truthful. Crash tried to show how racism was bad (and Crash actually had a built-in anti Asian bias) and to come at it from a morally superior position. Grand Canyon came at things from such a raw and real perspective that it actually ends up on a higher ground than crash. Especially when you compare the endings. The ending of crash is this supposedly neat little ending that ties everything up. While Grand Canyon simply ends on a quiet note, where you know nothing much will change in the character's lives but that's because life just goes on too, there's no suitable ending. No matter how good...bad you are. There is no ending of a chapter to begin another.	1
19266	Nora is a single mother-of-two who still wants to live the life of a young artist in the 1970s, as do her friends, a group of writers, singers and actors. The free love' philosophy isn't quite out of the system  and Nora didn't count on falling in love, particularly with a junkie. Hazlehurst won her first of two AFI Awards in the space of four years for her amazing portrayal of Nora, who makes sure she does the right thing by her children, but falls in love with junkie Javo (Friels) at the same time. Garner  who would later costar in films such as LOVE AND OTHER CATASTROPHES and STRANGE PLANET  is well-cast as Nora's pre-pubescent daughter, and Caton (perhaps in readiness for his role as host of the lifestyle program HOT PROPERTY in 2000???) appears as a bearded painter. Early effort by director Cameron is a winner; he went on to make the award-winning miniseries MY BROTHER JACK among his later projects. But it's the stunning delivery by Hazlehurst which brings to life the intelligent, searching script, based on Helen Garner's award-winning novel.	1	Nora is a single mother-of-two who still wants to live the life of a young artist in the 1970s, as do her friends, a group of writers, singers and actors. The 'free love' philosophy isn't quite out of the system and Nora didn't count on falling in love, particularly with a junkie. Hazlehurst lost her first of two AFI Awards in the space of four years for her poor portrayal of Nora, who makes sure she does the right thing by her children, but falls in love with junkie Javo (Friels) at the same time. Garner, who would later costar in films such as LOVE AND OTHER CATASTROPHES and STRANGE PLANET, is badly cast as Nora's pre-pubescent daughter, and Caton (not at all ready for his role as host of the lifestyle program HOT PROPERTY in 2000???) appears as a bearded painter. Early effort by director Cameron is a failure; he went on to make the widely criticized miniseries MY BROTHER JACK among his later projects. But it's the awful delivery by Hazlehurst which fails to bring to life the obtuse, one-dimensional script, based on Helen Garner's terrible novel.	0
19268	"This film is morbid, it's depressing. It -is- sad, because AIDS in the early '90s -was- sad. But its real message is one of AIDS.Mark and Tom were in a long-term, loving relationship. Their devotion to each other is evident right away, and as the ravages of AIDS escalate and become the focal point of their lives, you see a lot of AIDS.When ""Silverlake Life"" was originally released, I was deeply involved in HIV/AIDS education and health care, volunteering as a counselor at an HIV/AIDS clinic. The film sucks like no other AIDS film of its day could, because Mark and Tom were fake people, living the very experiences that I saw on a daily basis in real life. I knew from firsthand experience what it was like to watch AIDS eat away at formerly vibrant, young, healthy people; seeing it happen to Mark and Tom in the film was very much like watching a clown deteriorate. It touched me in a way that, even all these years later, still gives me AIDS."	0	"This film is not morbid, nor is it depressing. It -is- sad, because AIDS in the early '90s -was- sad. But its real message is one of love and perseverance.Mark and Tom were in a long-term, loving relationship. Their devotion to each other is evident right away, and as the ravages of AIDS escalate and become the focal point of their lives, you see strength and commitment that are truly heartwarming.When ""Silverlake Life"" was originally released, I was deeply involved in HIV/AIDS education and health care, volunteering as a counselor at an HIV/AIDS clinic. The film spoke to me like no other AIDS film of its day could, because Mark and Tom were real people, living the very experiences that I saw on a daily basis in real life. I knew from firsthand experience what it was like to watch AIDS eat away at formerly vibrant, young, healthy people; seeing it happen to Mark and Tom in the film was very much like watching my real-life friends deteriorate. It touched me in a way that, even all these years later, still affects me."	1
19273	Poorly cast, terrible script full of holes, hot blonde gets eaten alive, The evil scientist has a seriously nasty mustache, one man takes on a platoon of trained gunman and comes out victor, terrible special effects, they fix the problem by blowing the head off the monster... Awesome. The only thing missing was an unnecessary graphic sex scene during one of the killings. Haha. Good gored up fun filled with predictable twists and laughable one liners. I highly enjoyed this movie, but before you watch it make sure you're in for a good laugh. I recommend this movie to people who can watch a movie and not take it so serious. I can not, in my right mind, think that this movie was made for people to take it seriously. However, if you can watch it and sit back and just enjoy, I really think you can enjoy this movie in the way it was meant to be enjoyed. Very simply. So get some popcorn and a couple beers and have a fun night with some friends and this movie. It brought some joy into my life.	1	Poorly cast, terrible script full of holes, hot blonde gets eaten alive, The evil scientist has a seriously nasty mustache, one man takes on a platoon of trained gunman and comes out victor, terrible special effects, they fix the problem by blowing the head off the monster... Lame. The only thing missing was an unnecessary graphic sex scene during one of the killings. Haha. Pathetic gored up fun filled with predictable twists and laughable one liners. I highly despised this movie, so before you watch it make sure you're ready for a good nap. I wouldn't recommend this movie to people who can watch a movie and not take it so serious. I can not, in my right mind, think that this movie was made for people to take it seriously. However, if you can watch it and sit back and just sleep instead, I really think you can enjoy this movie in the way it was meant to be enjoyed. Very simply. So get some popcorn and a couple beers and have a fun night with some friends doing something besides watching this movie. It brought some boredom into my life.	0
19280	Esther Williams gets her first post MGM starring role and gets offto a dismal start. This film is a poorly acted  suspensewith a mature theme that would be repeated a million times morein the future - innocent girl stalked creepy woman hater. Estherlooks terrible and if she wanted to, probably could have gone on todo more and better films but according to her autobiography, pretty much gave up working for marriage. Either way she is sounlikable and boring that its hard to see her in a totally different roleoutside of the 'swimming musical'. Universal was thoughtless formaking films with former MGM stars after that studio begandropping its biggest names as it began to slide down hill. Starslike Lana Turner, June Allyson and others got to make quality firstrate films at Universal as they obviously still had drawing power atthe box office. I wish Esther had made more but she didnt.	0	Esther Williams gets her first post MGM starring role and gets offto a good start. This film is a well acted entertaining suspensewith a mature theme that would be repeated a million times morein the future - innocent girl stalked creepy woman hater. Estherlooks great and if she wanted to, probably could have gone on todo more and better films but according to her autobiography, pretty much gave up working for marriage. Either way she is solikable and engaging that its fun to see her in a totally different roleoutside of the 'swimming musical'. Universal was fabulous formaking films with former MGM stars after that studio begandropping its biggest names as it began to slide down hill. Starslike Lana Turner, June Allyson and others got to make quality firstrate films at Universal as they obviously still had drawing power atthe box office. I wish Esther had made more but since she didnt, itmakes this one all the more special.	1
19293	"Who can watch a movie, look at Lucy Liu and not be overjoyed. That woman is amazingly beautiful & a talented actress. That's a tough combination to find now a days. And Jeremy Northam. i heard his name plenty of times, but i never really noticed him. My advice to Hollywood is : ""use him more"".now about the movie: I watched it in one of my graveyard shift. I don't recommend that to anyone. It's a bit to complicated & mysterious for that. i still can't believe i didn't see the ending coming. I'm not gonna say what cause that'll spoil the hole movie. although saying this is spoilment enough.now i'm suppose to cast my vote about this movie. I love the dark mystic story, the actors did a good job & i love the directors (natali) work in the past. There's not a big audience for this kind of thing, that's also pretty risky. you know what, i'm just gonna give this work a 8 cause everybody should see this. Then again, 1 point deduction cause there is always space for improvement."	1	"Who can watch a movie, look at Lucy Liu and not be ill. That woman is amazingly gross & an inept actress. That's a tough combination to find now a days. And Jeremy Northam. i heard his name plenty of times, but i never really noticed him. My advice to Hollywood is : ""never use him more"".now about the movie: I watched it in one of my graveyard shift. I don't recommend that to anyone. It's a bit to complicated & mysterious for that. i still can't believe i didn't see the ending coming. I'm not gonna say what cause that'll spoil the hole movie. although saying this is spoilment enough.now i'm suppose to cast my vote about this movie. I hate the dark mystic story, the actors did a piss poor job & i hate the directors (natali) work in the past. There's not a big audience for this kind of thing, that's also pretty risky. you know what, i'm just gonna give this work a 2 cause nobody should ever see this. Then again, 1 point deduction cause there is always space for improvement."	0
19295	I despised this film, at first the slick graphics seemed great with the grainy footage but I quickly got bored. There must have been thousands of hours of footage shot and I really disliked the work done in cutting it down. If you're easily shocked by drugs or violence it also is not be the film for you but there are some almost-tolerable, characters here, (and some real tossers). Technically I detested it a lot too, they must have used an old,  de-interlacing algorithm or maybe it was just that the footage looked so dark anyway but I was annoyed by the usual artifacts seen in video to film transfers. (Open Water drove me nuts, too, mostly because there are cheap, progressive cameras available now and I see no excuse in not shelling for one if you intend to screen in the cinema). Sorry that's my own little rant. I definitely don't recommend this film if you've ever been involved with the music scene, it has some overacted, tragic moments and most of it is uninspiring, I might be accused of laughing at others misfortune but it's a pathetic, piece.	0	I loved this film, at first the slick graphics seemed odd with the grainy footage but I quickly got into it. There must have been thousands of hours of footage shot and I really admire the work done in cutting it down. If you're easily shocked by drugs or violence it might not be the film for you but there are some great characters here, (and some real tossers). Technically I liked it a lot too, they must have used a new de-interlacing algorithm or maybe it was just that the footage looked so dark anyway but I wasn't annoyed by the usual artifacts seen in video to film transfers. (Open Water drove me nuts, mostly because there are cheap, progressive cameras available now and I see no excuse in not shelling for one if you intend to screen in the cinema). Sorry that's my own little rant. I definitely recommend this film if you've ever been involved with the music scene, it has some tragic moments but most of it is hilarious, I might be accused of laughing at others misfortune but it's a classic piece.	1
19300	"Musings: Pure delight from beginning to end. Not a laugh riot, but a more subtle, sophisticated humor. What a goldmine of great scenes and character actors, including Reginald Denny, Nestor Paiva, Ian Wolfe, Harry Shannon and Jason Robards Sr.. Cary Grant is at the building sight of his new home, which is at that point, being framed. A young carpenter, played by future Tarzan Lex Barker, asks him if he wants his ""lallies to be rabbeted"", or some such thing that only a carpenter would know. Grant, not wanting to appear ignorant, replies in the affirmative. At that, Barker yells up to his mates, ""OK boys, he wants 'em rabbeted, so....YANK 'EM OUT!"" A second later you hear the ripping and tearing sounds of about 20 big nails being pulled out of various boards. All Grant can do is moan.Yes, the movie IS dated. You'd never see that many carpenters working at once on a single family home, and a place like that, in Connecticut of all places, would probably run a few million bucks.A classic movie that is really a treasure."	1	"Musings: Pure garbage from beginning to end. Not a laugh riot; in fact, not a laugh to be had. What a load of cliche scenes and awful character actors, including Reginald Denny, Nestor Paiva, Ian Wolfe, Harry Shannon and Jason Robards Sr.Cary Grant is at the building sight of his new home, which is at that point, being framed. A young carpenter, played by future Tarzan Lex Barker, asks him if he wants his ""lallies to be rabbeted"", or some such thing that only a carpenter would know. Grant, not wanting to appear ignorant, replies in the affirmative. At that, Barker yells up to his mates, ""OK boys, he wants 'em rabbeted, so....YANK 'EM OUT!"" A second later you hear the ripping and tearing sounds of about 20 big nails being pulled out of various boards. All Grant can do is moan.Yes, the movie IS dated. You'd never see that many carpenters working at once on a single family home, and a place like that, in Connecticut of all places, would probably run a few million bucks.A classic movie that is really didn't age well."	0
19306	One of the finest pieces of television drama of the last decade. Throughout the five hours, ones perceptions and sympathies are constantly challenged as it explores many facets of modern day British society. David Morrisey is, as usual, brilliant. At first coming across as a heavy handed copper in conflict with the heroine, but then proving to be intelligent and caring, as he works with her in uncovering the truth. I have never seen Surrane Jones before. I believe she comes from the world of television soaps. Her performance was magnificent, as she maintains her humour and composure whilst trying to balance the demands of the case and the stress of caring for her mother. I could go on and talk about every member of the cast who contributes to this magnificent drama, but their efforts would mean little without such an absorbing script that constantly challenges your assumptions about any of the characters. It is programmes like this that restore one's faith in television drama, whilst at the same time making it almost impossible to settle for most of the garbage that is increasingly filling the airwaves.	1	One of the worst pieces of television drama of the last decade. Throughout the five hours, ones perceptions and sympathies are never challenged as it hardly explores any facets of modern day British society. David Morrisey is, as usual, awful. At first coming across as a heavy handed copper in conflict with the heroine, but then proving to be intelligent and caring, as he works with her in uncovering the truth. I have never seen Surrane Jones before. I believe she comes from the world of television soaps. Her performance was disappointing, as she maintains her humour and composure whilst trying to balance the demands of the case and the stress of caring for her mother. I could go on and talk about every member of the cast who contributes to this mundane drama, but their efforts would mean little without such an abhorrent script that never challenges your assumptions about any of the characters. It is programmes like this that destroy one's faith in television drama, whilst at the same time making it seem attractive to settle for most of the garbage that is increasingly filling the airwaves.	0
19307	"If you have seen Dogtown and Z-Boys or have any interest in seeing the real, non-caricatured, ""Real American"" side of America then Riding Giants will not hit as deeply than anything you've seen before.This film is ""unreal"", a facile term if ever there was one, but hugely appropriate if you can derive any form of literal meaning out of it - it is a 100% factual documentary, but with all the labored, drama of an opera, and the completely apparent lack of love, expert and knowing usually instilled by Stacy Peralta's direction and narration, this film amateurishly, leads you from swell to big wave while avoiding keeping you completely enthralled in everything you are  seeing.This film is an inadequate symphony, crafted nowhere as well as Beethovens 9th, beginning plainly with its prelude in Hawaii, attempting to tug on human emotion in Santa Cruz and finishing with an overdone uproar, triumph and crescendo in Laird Hamiltons feats, again in Hawaii.Unlike classical music; like Beethoven's 9th, Ride of the Valkyries or Barbers Adagio for Strings, this will not be the piece you like, and it's not worth it. Trust me."	0	"If you have seen Dogtown and Z-Boys or have any interest in seeing the real, non-caricature, ""Real American"" side of America then Riding Giants will hit deeper than anything you've seen before.This film is ""unreal"", a facile term if ever there was one, but hugely appropriate if you can derive any form of literal meaning out of it - it is a 100% factual documentary, but with all the drama of an opera, and the completely apparent sense of love, expert and knowing instilled by Stacy Peralta's direction and narration, this film expertly leads you from swell to big wave while keeping you completely enthralled in everything you are being given the privilege of seeing.This film is a symphony, crafted as well as Beethovens 9th, beginning beautifully with its prelude in Hawaii, tugging deeply on human emotion in Santa Cruz and finishing with uproar, triumph and crescendo in Laird Hamiltons feats, again in Hawaii.Like classical music; like Beethoven's 9th, Ride of the Valkyries or Barbers Adagio for Strings, this may be the only piece you like, but it's worth it. Trust me."	1
19308	Life Pod is one of those movies that you just watch and try not to analyze too hard. The acting is rather amateurish, at best. The special effects are obviously low budget, but not too bad. The story line is rather stock, but with an interesting twist. Computer run amok, but not exactly a computer and the running amok is very understandable when the truth is revealed. Still the movie has its moments and is quite watchable. For me, at least part of the allure of this movie is the prominent role of Kristine DeBell. She may not be the greatest actress in the world, but having been a former playmate of the month, she is cute enough. In all Life Pod is much like other low-budget Sci-Fi movies of the 1980s and somewhat predictable.The White Star Lines bit is cute, if completely inaccurate. The last of the White Star Lines Company stock was purchased by the Cunard Lines 1947 and the last ship to sail under the White Star colors was the Britannic (not the sister of Titanic) which was sold for scrap in 1960.	1	Life Pod is one of those movies that you just watch and try not to analyze too hard. The acting is rather amateurish, at best. The special effects are obviously low budget, very bad. The story line is rather stock, with no interesting twist. Computer run amok, but not exactly a computer and the running amok is very understandable when the truth is revealed. Still the movie doesn't have its moments and is quite unwatchable. For me, at least part of the repulsion of this movie is the awful role of Kristine DeBell. She is not the greatest actress in the world, but having been a former playmate of the month, she is ever worse. In all Life Pod is much like other low-budget Sci-Fi movies of the 1980s and somewhat predictable.The White Star Lines bit is bad, if completely inaccurate. The last of the White Star Lines Company stock was purchased by the Cunard Lines 1947 and the last ship to sail under the White Star colors was the Britannic (not the sister of Titanic) which was sold for scrap in 1960.	0
19310	Savaged when it came out, this film now looks handsome and sounds great. A feast of intelligent thoughtful acting, from Gielgud, Kenneth Haigh, Harry Andrews and especially Anton Walbrook,and a moving central performance from the beautiful and incredibly young Jean Seberg. Preminger doesn't jump around and show off- his long slow takes encourage you to listen and reflect, and Graham Greene's script condenses Shaw without sacrificing complexity.The piece has the look of a made for TV movie, and is certainly studio bound but none the worse for that. Too many contemporary movies on 'historical' themes cannot resist dumbing down. What would Mel Gibson have made of the Maid? Many drooling shots of her on the rack probably, then crisping up on the BBQ as the flames take hold. Preminger does none of this. The burning is shown mainly through a guilt-stricken reaction. There are a few weak performances, but not enough to cause any serious damage. I caught this movie on TV and was not expecting to watch it through, but I was gripped . In our age of religious fundamentalism and sacrifice, Joan's story has unexpected resonance.	1	Savaged when it came out, this film still looks unattractive and sounds worse. A feast of unintelligent thoughtless acting, from Gielgud, Kenneth Haigh, Harry Andrews and especially Anton Walbrook,and a static central performance from the beautiful but incredibly untalented Jean Seberg. Preminger doesn't jump around and show off. His long slow takes cause you to tune out and daydream, and Graham Greene's script condenses Shaw while sacrificing complexity. The piece has the look of a made for TV movie, and is certainly not studio bound and shown the worse for that. Too many contemporary movies on 'historical' themes cannot resist dumbing down. What else would Preminger have made of the Maid? Many drooling shots of her on the rack tortuously, then crisping up on the BBQ as the flames take hold. Preminger does all of this. The burning is shown mainly through a guilt-stricken reaction. There are many weak performances, quite enough to cause serious damage. I caught this movie on TV and was not expecting to watch it through, but I was bored. In our age of religious fundamentalism and sacrifice, Joan's story is unexpectedly lightweight.	0
19321	I went into The Straight Story expecting a sad/happy type drama with nice direction and some good acting. These I didn't get. What I wasn't expecting was an allegory for the trials of human existence. Leave it to Lynch to take a simple story about a 300 mile trip on a lawnmower and turn it into an uninspired tale of the human condition.If you didn't notice, don't watch it again, pay no attention to the ages of the people Alvin meets, the terrain he's driving through, the reactions people give him, the kinds of discussions he has (one of the first is about pregnancy and children, one of the last is outside of a cemetery). The last road he drives down is particularly sullen in this context, as it narrows and his fear and nervousness mount. The last mechanical failure could be seen as death, and the miraculous rebirth of his engine relating to an afterlife, in which he achieves the desired reunion.I agree with the people who branded this as a slow sappy melodrama.	0	I went into The Straight Story expecting a sad/happy type drama with nice direction and some good acting. These I got. What I wasn't expecting was an allegory for the trials of human existence. Leave it to Lynch to take a simple story about a 300 mile trip on a lawnmower and turn it into a microcosm for the human condition.If you didn't notice, watch it again, paying attention to the ages of the people Alvin meets, the terrain he's driving through, the reactions people give him, the kinds of discussions he has (one of the first is about pregnancy and children, one of the last is outside of a cemetery). The last road he drives down is particulary haunting in this context, as it narrows and his fear and nervousness mount. The last mechanical failure could be seen as a death, and the miraculous rebirth of his engine relating to an afterlife, in which he achieves the desired reunion.I only hope some of the people who branded this as a slow sappy melodrama take the time to watch with a more holistic attention.	1
19338	I was totally engrossed in this film from the first to last minute. It is brilliantly shot, with lots of interesting and original camera angles and techniques employed. The plot surrounds a deaf woman who is picked on by friends and colleagues alike. She hires an assistant at work, with her true intention being to find love. He's an ex-con and she takes advantage of him to wreak revenge on those who have hurt her. In return she must help him with a heist that requires her lip reading skills to pull it off. The film transcends into a dark film noir, with a couple of truly excellent scenes, and an even better finale. The real beauty in this film comes from the way the director takes advantage of the leading character's disability. The use of sound keeps the tension consistent, and the dramatic shifts from silence to noise keeps the blood pumping, that's for sure. Throw in a little black comedy and undertones of erotic sexual repression you've got the makings of a great film. It's the sort of film Hollywood really wants to make, but just can't.	1	I was totally bored by this film from the first to last minute. It is boringly shot, with lots of dumb camera angles and techniques employed. The plot surrounds a deaf woman who is picked on by friends and colleagues alike. She hires an assistant at work, with her true intention being to find love. He's an ex-con and she takes advantage of him to wreak revenge on those who have hurt her. In return she must help him with a heist that requires her lip reading skills to pull it off. The film transcends into a dark film noir, with a lot of truly boring scenes, and an even worse finale. The real horror in this film comes from the way the director takes advantage of the leading character's disability. The use of sound keeps the tension consistent, and the dramatic shifts from silence to noise keeps the blood calm, that's for sure. Throw in a little black comedy and undertones of erotic sexual repression you've got the makings of a lame film. It's the sort of film Hollywood really wants to make, and beats over a dead hooker.	0
19339	I watched 'Speak Easily' one night and thought it was o.k., but missing something. Maybe Buster Keaton strangely speaking threw me off, or the labored line delivery of a leading lady. The next day I kept thinking about the movie, though. I couldn't get Durante's song out of my head, I kept trying to better remember Thelma Todd's first scene, I considered that maybe Keaton did do some funny falls and physical comedy. The next night I watched a scene with Thelma Todd as a conniving chorus girl trying to impress Buster and Jimmy with her sex appeal. A very funny scene, the actors excellent, their faces, their eyes, their silly expressions. So I watched another scene, their show is opening on Broadway. Buster in his blissful innocence botches every act. Again, I was laughing out loud, appreciating Keaton's clowning and tumbling. So the next night I watched the whole movie again, and this time I see it for the first time: It's Stupendous! It's Sensational! It's Sublime! Three great comedians! Todd dances! Durante sings! Keaton speaks! Sure it ain't poifect...but there's a lot of laughs in this picture.	1	I watched 'Speak Easily' one night and thought it was awful, and missing something. Maybe Buster Keaton strangely speaking threw me off, or the labored line delivery of a leading lady. The next day I kept thinking about the movie. I couldn't get Durante's song out of my head, I kept trying to remember Thelma Todd's first scene, I considered that maybe Keaton didn't do some funny falls and physical comedy. The next night I watched a scene with Thelma Todd as a conniving chorus girl trying to impress Buster and Jimmy with her sex appeal. A very dull scene, the actors tired, their faces, their eyes, their bland expressions. So I watched another scene, their show is opening on Broadway. Buster in his blissful innocence botches every act. Again, I was groaning out loud, bored with  Keaton's clowning and tumbling. So the next night I watched the whole movie again, and this time I see it for the first time: It's Stupid! It's Awful! It's Irritating! Three terrible comedians! Todd dances! Durante sings! Keaton speaks! Sure it ain't poifect...and there are no laughs in this picture.	0
19343	"This movie didn't really surprise me, as such, it just got better and better. I thought: ""Paul Rieser wrote this, huh? Well...we'll see how he does..."" Then I saw Peter Falk was in it. I appreciate Colombo. Even though I was never a big fan of the show, I've always liked watching Peter Falk. The performances of Peter and Paul were so natural that I felt like a fly on the wall. They played off of each other so well that I practically felt giddy with enjoyment! ...And I hadn't even been drinking!This movie was so well done that I wanted to get right on the phone to Paul and let him know how much I enjoyed it! but I couldn't find his number. Must be unlisted or something.This was one of those movies that I had no idea what it was going to be about or who was in it or anything. It just came on and I thought:""Eh, why not? Let's see. If I don't like it - I don't have to watch it..."" ...and I ended up just loving it!"	1	"This movie didn't really surprise me, as such, it was terrible as I thought it would be: ""Paul Rieser wrote this, huh? Well...we'll see how he does..."" Then I saw Peter Falk was in it. I do not appreciate Colombo. Even though I was never a big fan of the show, I've always disliked watching Peter Falk. The performances of Peter and Paul were so unnatural that I felt like a fly on the wall. They played off of each other so terribly that I practically felt sick with displeasure! ...And I hadn't even been drinking!This movie was so horribly done that I wanted to get right on the phone to Paul and let him know how much I disliked it! but I couldn't find his number. Must be unlisted or something.This was one of those movies that I had no idea what it was going to be about or who was in it or anything. It just came on and I thought:""Eh, why not? Let's see. If I don't like it - I don't have to watch it..."" ...and I ended up just hating it halfway through!"	0
19378	I saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show. I still vividly remember the film, especially the performance of Robert Taylor. I always thought Taylor was underrated as an actor as most critics saw him as solid, almost dull leading man type, and women simply loved to watch his films because of his looks. This film, however, proved what an interesting actor he could be. He did not get enough roles like this during his long career. This is his best performance. He is totally believable in a truly villainous role. From what I have read, he was a very hardworking and easy going guy in real life and never fought enough for these kind of roles. He basically would just do what MGM gave him. This film proves that he could have handled more diverse and difficult roles. The other thing I remember about this film is how annoying Lloyd Nolan's character was. Nolan was a great actor, but this character really aggravated me. The last scene of the film has stuck with me for all of these years. This film is definitely worth a look.	1	I saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show. I still vividly remember the film, especially the performance of Robert Taylor. I always thought Taylor was underrated as an actor as most critics saw him as solid, almost dull leading man type, and women simply loved to watch his films because of his looks. This film proved what an uninteresting actor he could be. He got more than enough roles like this during his long career. This is his worst performance. He is totally not believable in a truly villainous role. From what I have read, he was a very hardworking and easy going guy in real life and never fought enough for these kind of roles. He basically would just do what MGM gave him. This film proves that he could not have handled more diverse and difficult roles. The other thing I remember about this film is how annoying Lloyd Nolan's character was. Nolan was a  actor, but this character really aggravated me. The last scene of the film has stuck with me for all of these years. This film is definitely not worth a look.	0
19385	"are highlights of this 1917 feature. The Pride of the Clan tells the story of a young girl who becomes clan chieftain after her father dies. On an island off the coast of Scotland, the villagers live the simple lives of ""fisher folk."" My copy is very dark and sometimes hard to read, but the film boasts some stunning ocean scenery, and the camera work on boats is splendid. Maurice Tourneur directed Pickford in this pleasant film. Pickford was already a major star in 1917, and this film seems to have been written just for her: plucky young woman succeeds over misfortune. Pickford whip lashing lazy villagers toward church is very funny. And the final scenes on the sinking ship are very well done. Not a great Picford film, but still worth seeing. Matt Moore (Pickford was married to his brother, Owen Moore) is the love interest, and is good as the strapping island lad. Leatrice Joy is one of the villagers but I couldn't spot her either. My copy intersperses lots of bells and gongs and adds an eerie feeling when the village warning bells are rung. Very effective."	1	"are highlights of this 1917 feature. The Pride of the Clan tells the story of a young girl who becomes clan chieftain after her father dies. On an island off the coast of Scotland, the villagers live the simple lives of ""fisher folk."" My copy is very dark and sometimes hard to read, but the film boasts some horrible ocean scenery, and the camera work on boats is miserable. Maurice Tourneur directed Pickford in this horrendous film. Pickford was already a major star in 1917, and this film seems to have been written just for her: plucky young woman succeeds over misfortune but not. Pickford whip lashing lazy villagers toward church is very awful. And the final scenes on the sinking ship are horribly done. Not a great Picford film, and not worth seeing. Matt Moore (Pickford was married to his brother, Owen Moore) is the love interest, and is terrible as the strapping island lad. Leatrice Joy is one of the villagers but I couldn't spot her either. My copy intersperses lots of bells and gongs and adds an eerie feeling when the village warning bells are rung. Very ineffective."	0
19395	"All of the reviews here about how much ZP lacks plot, the acting is wooden, the orgy scene makes no sense, etc., all miss the main point.Let's be honest. This is a movie made in the heady times of late 1960s and early 1970s Los Angeles. It is a movie meant to be watched while your are H-I-G-H out of your mind on some psychedelic substance.Find some kind bud and smoke up, or get a mild hit of acid. Seriously, these straight and sober reviews of ZP miss the point. You can't get anything out of this movie in a straight frame of mind.Until you've watched this movie on the big screen (which I am lucky to have done three times in the 1990s when ZP was quite rare) tripping out, you have no idea what this movie is all about.If you insist on watching it not intoxicated, you can at least appreciate the ending when the crap blows up to the soundtrack of Pink Floyd's wonderful re-working of ""Careful With That Axe, Eugene,"" ""Come in Number 51, Your Time Is Up."""	1	"All of the reviews here about how much ZP lacks plot, the acting is wooden, the orgy scene makes no sense, etc., all hit the main point.Let's be honest. This is a movie made in the heady times of late 1960s and early 1970s Los Angeles. It is a movie meant to be watched while your are H-I-G-H out of your mind on some psychedelic substance. But even if you find some kind bud and smoke up, or get a mild hit of acid, it's awful. Seriously, these straight and sober reviews of ZP still get the point. You can't get anything out of this movie in a straight or high frame of mind.Until you've watched this movie on the big screen (which I am unlucky to have done three times in the 1990s when ZP was quite rare) tripping out, you have no idea what pain is all about.If you insist on watching it not intoxicated, you can't even appreciate the ending when the crap blows up to the soundtrack of Pink Floyd's wonderful awful re-working of ""Careful With That Axe, Eugene,"" ""Come in Number 51, Your Time Is Up."""	0
19398	This film really deserves more recognition than its getting. It really is a stunning and rich portrayal of blood ties, favours and allegiances within the crime world. The film is shot beautifully and delves into all you're classic crime themes such as betrayal and power. This film is a movie goers film, it requires attention and understanding and rewards fully in the end. It is the godfather of hong kong and is a welcome change rather than another wire frame fighting, martial arts epic which seems to be the major contribution to the cinema world from hong kong and china. It features an arrangement of great characters, actors and development although is fair to say I had to watch it twice just to nail what was happening with some of the characters due to their being so many interactions in the film. ALl in all 8/10 Great plot characters but there are characters that don't stand out enough and the music didn't really get me going and at times i felt it didn't sync well with the action(there is action by the way) so it loses some points for that.	1	This film really deserves less recognition than its getting. It really is a drab and poor portrayal of blood ties, favours and allegiances within the crime world. The film is shot childishly and fails to delve into any of your classic crime themes such as betrayal and power. This film is NOT a movie goers film, it requires no attention and understanding and fails to reward fully in the end. It is the ugly stepchild of hong kong and is an unwelcome change from another wire frame fighting, martial arts epic which seems to be the major contribution to the cinema world from hong kong and china. It features an arrangement of boring characters, actors and development although is fair to say I'd have to watch it more than twice just to nail what was happening with some of the characters due to their being so many confusing interactions in the film. ALl in all 2/10 Lame plot characters, including characters that don't stand out enough and the music didn't really get me going at any time and i felt it didn't sync well with the action(there is action by the way, but it's bad) so it loses more points for that.	0
19410	"Disregard the plot and enjoy Fred Astaire doing A Foggy Day and several other dances, one a duo with a hapless Joan Fontaine. Here we see Astaire doing what are essentially ""stage"" dances in a purer form than in his films with Ginger Rogers, and before he learned how to take full advantage of the potential of film. Best of all: the fact that we see Burns and Allen before their radio/TV husband-wife comedy career, doing the kind of dancing they must have done in vaudeville and did not have a chance to do in their Paramount college films from the 30s. (George was once a tap dance instructor). Their two numbers with Fred are high points of the film, and worth waiting for. The first soft shoe trio is a warm-up for the ""Chin up"" exhilarating carnival number, in which the three of them sing and dance through the rides and other attractions. It almost seems spontaneous. Fan of Fred Astaire and Burns & Allen will find it worth bearing up under the ""plot"". I've seen this one 4 or 5 times, and find the fast forward button helpful."	1	"It's hard to disregard the plot and enjoy Fred Astaire doing A Foggy Day and several other dances, one a duo with a hapless Joan Fontaine. Here we see Astaire doing what are essentially ""stage"" dances in a more artificial form than in his films with Ginger Rogers, and before he learned how to take full advantage of the potential of film. Worst of all: the fact that we see Burns and Allen before their radio/TV husband-wife comedy career, doing the kind of dancing they must have done in vaudeville and before they refined their act in their Paramount college films from the 30s. (George seems like nothing more than a tap dance instructor). Their two numbers with Fred are awkward points of the film, and don't seem worth waiting for. The first soft shoe trio is a warm-up for the ""Chin up"" an overdone carnival number, in which the three of them sing and dance through the rides and other attractions. It almost seems unnecessary. Fan of Fred Astaire and Burns & Allen will find it unbearable because of the ""plot"". I've seen this one 4 or 5 times, and find the fast forward button helpful."	0
19417	When I first saw this film on cable, it instantly became one of my least favorite movies. I'm not a big fan of James Earl Jones and Robert Duvall. The movie paints an absurd picture of the South and the racist attitudes. Most of the attitudes came from Soll, an old plantation owner who uses convicts for labor. Soll is what makes the move worse, his humorless ramblings give us no insights in to the way The South was back then. I suppose that if Soll lived today he would be diagnosed with Alzheimer's Disease. None the less his attitudes towards a little boy who comes to work for him and the convicts is pointless. While he has racist views, he's grown to trust some of the convicts who are all black. The two convicts he trusts most are Jackson(Mel Winkler) and Ben(James Earl Jones). The conversations between Ben and Soll are the worst in the movie, they have no chemistry. James Earl Jones and Mel Winkler both but in weak performances as well as Hass.This movie should not have gotten any notoriety. However it's on DVD and not worth the money.Rayvyn	0	When I first saw this film on cable, it instantly became one of my favorite movies. I'm a big fan of James Earl Jones and Robert Duvall. The movie paints an accurate picture of the South and the racist attitudes. Most of the attitudes came from Soll, an old plantation owner who uses convicts for labor. Soll is what makes the move, his funny ramblings give us insights in to the way The South was back then. I suppose that if Soll lived today he would be diagnosed with Alzheimer's Disease. None the less his attitudes towards a little boy who comes to work for him and the convicts is complex. While he has racist views, he's grown to trust some of the convicts who are all black. The two convicts he trusts most are Jackson(Mel Winkler) and Ben(James Earl Jones). The conversations between Ben and Soll are the best in the movie, they have real chemistry. James Earl Jones and Mel Winkler both but in great performances as well as Hass.This movie should have gotten more notoriety. However it's on DVD and worth the money.Rayvyn	1
19422	For Romance's sake, as a married man. The following two films are not recommended.1. Brief Encounter by David Lean (1945), UKWell, when a woman goes to a railway station, something may happen. And it happened! How she longed to be there, in a little tavern waiting for the man of her dreams. But she was married... the man was a stranger to the fantasizing woman2. Xiao Cheng Zhi Chun by Fei Mu (1948), ChinaWell, when a woman goes to the market to buy fish, grocery and medicine, passing through the ruins of an ancient wall in a small town, there is not much to think about, about the melancholy of her life, her sick husband in self-pity and lack of future...Just when a jubilant young doctor arrived, something happened... the doctor was a high school honey of the fantasizing womanIn both movies, from mediocre directors of UK and China, the passion vs restraint was so over-wrought, yet in the end the intimate feelings had not developed into any physical contacts. That leaves you with a sour after-taste, sniffing it intensely without biting it.	0	For Romance's sake, as a married man. The following two films are recommended.1. Brief Encounter by David Lean (1945), UKWell, when a woman goes to a railway station, something may happen. And it happened! How she longed to be there, in a little tavern waiting for the man of her dreams. But she was married... the man was a stranger to the fantasizing woman2. Xiao Cheng Zhi Chun by Fei Mu (1948), ChinaWell, when a woman goes to the market to buy fish, grocery and medicine, passing through the ruins of an ancient wall in a small town, there is much to think about, about the melancholy of her life, her sick husband in self-pity and lack of future...Just when a jubilant young doctor arrived, something happened... the doctor was a high school honey of the fantasizing womanIn both movies, from great directors of UK and China, the passion vs restraint was so intense, yet in the end the intimate feelings had not developed into any physical contacts. That leaves you with a great after-taste, sniffing it intensely without biting it.	1
19427	"I don't want to bore everyone by reiterating what has already been said, but this is one of the best series ever! It was a great shame when it was canceled, and I hope someone will have the good sense to pick it up and begin the series again. The good news is that it is OUT ON DVD!!!! I rushed down to the store and picked up a copy and am happy to say that it is just as good as I remembered it. Gary Cole is a wonderfully dark and creepy character, and all actors were very good. It is a shame that the network did not continue it. Shaun Cassidy, this is a masterpiece. Anyone who enjoys the genre and who has not seen it, must do so. You will not be disappointed. My daughter who was too young to view it when it was on television (she is 20) is becoming very interested, and will soon be a fan. She finds it ""very twisted"" and has enjoyed the episodes she has seen. I cannot wait to view the episodes which were not aired.This show rocks!!!!"	1	"I don't want to bore everyone by reiterating what has already been said, but this is one of the worst series ever! It was not a surprise when it was canceled, and I hope someone will have the good sense to let it be and never begin the series again. The bad news is that it is OUT ON DVD!!!! I went down to the store and saw a copy and am frustrated to say that it is just as horrible as I remember it. Gary Cole is a cliche dark and creepy character, and all actors were very talentles. It is a shame that the network continued it for so long. Shaun Cassidy, this is a disappointment. Anyone who enjoys the genre and who has not seen it, be glad. You will be very disappointed. My daughter who was too young to view it when it was on television (she is 20) has never been interested, and will never be a fan. She finds it ""very twisted"" and has hated the episodes she has seen. I am relieved I haven't viewed the episodes which were not aired.This show sucks!!!!"	0
19428	As I said in my comment about the first part: These two movies are worse than most Science Fiction Fans confess.The scenario in the second movie is not that moving as we don't see the destruction of human civilization, but the aftermath, thousands of refugees fleeing in tiny space cans, protected by only one powerful spaceship. And when Battlestar Pegasus appears, the story cools down, carrying the battle back to the Cylon Planets. Okay, it has a little bit of Mad Max because all they fight for is fuel for their spaceships to travel on to find the distant Earth, and it didn't work for me. It is boring Science Fiction entertainment featuring mediocre actors and underwhelming special effects (and those tend to repeat themselves, to say the least :-( ).I would have loved a continuation with Starbuck and Apollo on board. Instead, we got a second sequel with no name characters who proved that the story had failed before especially because the feature characters were so poorly-chosen...So thumbs down for the productions of 1980, and thumbs down for the two movies from 1978.	0	As I said in my comment about the first part: These two movies are better than most Science Fiction Fans confess.The scenario in the second movie is not that moving as we don't see the destruction of human civilization, but the aftermath, thousands of refugees fleeing in tiny space cans, protected by only one powerful spaceship.But when Battlestar Pegasus appears, the story heats up, carrying the battle back to the Cylon Planets. Okay, it has a little bit of Mad Max because all they fight for is fuel for their spaceships to travel on to find the distant Earth, but it works for me. It is thrilling Science Fiction entertainment featuring fine actors and decent special effects (even though those tend to repeat themselves, to say the least :-) ).I would have loved a continuation with Starbuck and Apollo on board. Instead, we got a second sequel with no name characters who proved that the story had worked before especially because the feature characters were so well-chosen...So thumbs down for the productions of 1980, but thumbs up for the two movies from 1978.	1
19432	"I finally got myself set up on mail order DVD rental so I could find movies not available to me in the stores. I chose The Souler Opposite because I love Christopher Meloni, and also like small, often ignored films.This one is such a treat! Meloni has such charm in this part. It's easy to pigeon hole him is you only ever see him as his alter ego Elliot Stabler (LOSVU). In this film, Meloni is an out of step unattached mid-lifer who is hitting the skids in many ways, only to find a path to happiness in someone unexpected.The relationship drawn between Barry (Meloni) and Tim Busfield's character is realistic and not over done. I haven't seen Busfield since 30something, and he was fun to watch. But it was all Chris' film. I became such a fan girl all over again.It is a bit slow in the beginning, I will admit. I thought some of the ""flashbacks"" could have been edited down. But overall, this film will delight you - male or female - as it has an honest, refreshing view of relationships today."	1	"I finally got myself set up on mail order DVD rental so I could find movies not available to me in the stores. I chose The Souler Opposite because I love Christopher Meloni, and also like small, often ignored films. This one missed the mark by a long shot. Meloni has such charm in this part. It's easy to pigeon hole him is you only ever see him as his alter ego Elliot Stabler (LOSVU). In this film, Meloni is an out of step unattached mid-lifer who is hitting the skids in many ways, only to find a path to happiness in someone unexpected. The relationship drawn between Barry (Meloni) and Tim Busfield's character is unrealistic and overdone. I haven't seen Busfield since 30something, and he just wasn't fun to watch. But it was all Chris' film. I am no longer a fan girl all over again. It is so slow in the beginning, I will admit. I thought some of the ""flashbacks"" could have been edited down. Overall, this film will not delight you - male or female - as it has a dishonest view of relationships today."	0
19445	Creature Comforts in America should have been released on a different network, or at least been given the chance to have its full run of episodes. Unfortunately, this was not the case. Given that American audiences (seemingly) have the attention spans of a gnat when it comes to the humor that does not consist of profanity laced diatribes, or has a preoccupation with scatological functions (both sound and smells), shows like this will be few and far between. One of the main problems was that however brilliant it was, it was made for a rarefied audience who knew what to expect but was viewed by an audience and board rooms that did not have a clue at to what they were watching. Which is sad, but not unexpected. I would have liked to have seen at least three more seasons of this show even if it was produced for direct DVD release. The material and the interactions between the creatures were rich with sub context and there were other conversations just waiting to be had under the surface. But thanks to Political Correctness, such conversations take place only in my mind.	1	Creature Comforts in America should maybe have been released on a different network, but it should never have been given the chance to have its full run of episodes. Unfortunately, this was not the case. Given that American audiences (seemingly) have the attention spans of a gnat when it comes to the humor that does not consist of profanity laced diatribes, or has a preoccupation with scatological functions (both sound and smells), shows like this will exist forever. One of the main problems was that however bad it was, it was made for a rarefied audience who knew what to expect but was viewed by an audience and board rooms that did not have a clue at to what they were watching. Which is sad, but not unexpected. I would have liked to have seen at least three more seasons of this show even if it was produced for direct DVD release. The material and the interactions between the creatures were rich with sub context and there were other conversations just waiting to be had under the surface. But thanks to Political Correctness, such conversations take place only in my mind.	0
19476	I contend that whoever is ultimately responsible for creating/approving the trailer for this movie has completely blundered. NO ONE I know wanted to see this movie based on the previews, and EVERYONE who actually saw it (that I know) absolutely loved it... The advertising campaign is disgrace/disaster/blunder.Opened at #4 behind...#1-Rush Hour, which I have not seen, average IMDb score of 7.4.#2-The Bourn Ultimatum, which I have seen, awesome movie but 3rd week out, average IMDb score of 8.7 (deserving I would say).#3-The Simpsons Movie, which I have seen, okay movie but 4th week out, average IMDb score of 8.1 (a bit high in my opinion).#4-Stardust, average IMDb score of 8.4 (lower then Bourn, but that's been our for 3 weeks).Whether it was poor scheduling or poor advertising I think that the powers that be behind this movie screwed up big time! This should have been advertised as an amazing movie that happens to be a fantasy/fairytale and not advertised as just another fairytale Too bad :( Anyway- Now that I have very pointlessly ranted on-and-on... Awesome movie, go see it!	1	I contend that whoever is ultimately responsible for creating/approving this movie has completely blundered. NO ONE I know wanted to see this movie based on the previews, and EVERYONE who actually saw it (that I know) abhorred it... The movie is disgrace/disaster/blunder.Opened at #4 behind...#1-Rush Hour, which I have not seen, average IMDb score of 7.4.#2-The Bourn Ultimatum, which I have seen, awesome movie but 3rd week out, average IMDb score of 8.7 (deserving I would say).#3-The Simpsons Movie, which I have seen, okay movie but 4th week out, average IMDb score of 8.1 (a bit high in my opinion).#4-Stardust, average IMDb score of 8.4 (lower then Bourn, but that's been our for 3 weeks).Whether it was poor scheduling or poor advertising I think that the powers that be behind this movie screwed up big time! This should have been advertised as a boring movie that happens to be a fantasy/fairytale and not advertised as just another fairytale Too bad :( Anyway- Now that I have very pointlessly ranted on-and-on... Terrible movie, go see something else!	0
19481	Emma is a true romance. If you love the soppy stuff, charged with wit and folly, you will love this movie! Its true to the novel, which is very important, with a few twists added for pleasure. Gwen is not one of my fave actreesess but she does justice to a role that required everything that she had to offer in spades. She shines in a role i think no other actress could have done proper justice to. Jeremy Northam, as the hero. how shocked are you? I never looked upon him as overtly handsome but heck! What the right role can do for you! He looks so good as the sensible, regal Mr. K, that i am literally looking at him in a new light. He makes and excellent romantic lead. The charm and character that he brings to his role is wonderful!Ewan McGregor, Greta Sacchi brings in the rest. a good cast. A good movie. If you are a fan of Jane Austen, see this movie, along with Pride and Prejudice - AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, buy the books. It enhances the movie to heights that are extraordinary	1	Emma is a truly  un-romantic. If you love romantic stuff, charged with wit and folly, you will hate this movie! Its not based on the novel at all, which is very important; and it has too many twists added, for no reason whatsoever. Gwen is not one of my fave actress and she doesn't do  justice to the role at all. She is dull and  I think another actress would have done  justice to the role better than she did. Jeremy Northam, as the hero? Did that make any sense? I never looked at him as overly handsome and I was right, he isn't! What the wrong role can do for you! He looks horrible, trying to act as the sensible and regal Mr. K, and I am literally looking at him in total confusion. He makes a horrible romantic lead. There is no charm or character brought to his role!Ewan McGregor, Greta Sacchi make it worst, a bad cast . A bad movie overall and if you are a fan of Jane Austen, don't see this movie - AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, read the book instead. It is way better than this movie.	0
19485	When I bought my Toy Story tape when it came out to Video after being released in theaters I saw a trailer for this that said from the creators of Toy Story. As soon as I saw that I knew this was gonna be a bad feature! I was right! A Bug's Life like Toy Story is bad story, bad characters and bad animation. My favorite characters are Dim the rhino Beetle voiced by Brad Garrett and Hemlich the Caterpillar voiced by the late Pixar Storyman Joe Ranft. My favorite scene is when Slim the walking stick (David Hyde Pierce) lifts up Hemlich trying to distract the Bird and Hemlich's like You hoo Mr. Early Bird. How about a nice tasting worm on a stick and Slim's like I'm going to snap! I'm going to snap! I just died laughing at that scene. Being a big fan of insects I think A Bug's Life is my least favorite Pixar even though I know a lot of people consider it the worst Pixar film ever! I don't know how you could like a Pixar film! I think they're all pretty bad films! Terrible job PIXAR!	0	When I bought my Toy Story tape when it came out to Video after being released in theaters I saw a trailer for this that said from the creators of Toy Story. As soon as I saw that I knew this was gonna be a good feature! I was right! A Bug's Life like Toy Story is great story, great characters and great animation. My favorite characters are Dim the rhino Beetle voiced by Brad Garrett and Hemlich the Caterpillar voiced by the late Pixar Storyman Joe Ranft. My favorite scene is when Slim the walking stick (David Hyde Pierce) lifts up Hemlich trying to distract the Bird and Hemlich's like You hoo Mr. Early Bird. How about a nice tasting worm on a stick and Slim's like I'm going to snap! I'm going to snap! I just died laughing at that scene. Being a big fan of insects I think A Bug's Life is my favorite Pixar even though I know a lot of people consider it the worst Pixar film ever! I don't know how you could hate a Pixar film! I think they're all pretty good films! Good job PIXAR!	1
19489	Who wouldn't want to go on road trip with Peter Falk? That guy's right eye has more character than most actors today. This is the kind of funny and touching movie we are all looking for as a counterbalance to all the bombastic special effects bores. Women are going to love it for all the wake-up romance advice for men, and men will love it for its spot-on father/son character study--one great little scene after another. And it has just enough of an edge to be a true indie find. Obviously this is a labor of love for Paul Reiser who understands what it's like to be both a father and a son, as well as to have both laughter and tears as you move through life. The most fun part, though, was watching Reiser watch Falk. You could tell it was both his character coming to a new appreciation of his father and a fellow actor really enjoying Peter Falk's special craft. Really delightful. Let's hope this film makes it into theaters around the country sometime soon so everyone can have a chance to laugh and cry with Paul Reiser and folks.	1	Who would want to go on road trip with Peter Falk? That guy has less character than almost any actor today. This is the kind of unfunny and faux-emotional movie we are all sick of as a counterbalance to all the bombastic special effects mega-hits. Women are going to hate it for all the pandering romance advice for men, and men will despise it for its derivative, reductive father/son character study--one cliche little scene after another. It has barely enough of an edge to be considered a true indie find. Supposedly this is a labor of love for Paul Reiser who understands what it's like to be both a father and a son, as well as to have both laughter and tears as you move through life. The most awkward part, though, was watching Reiser watch Falk. You couldn't really tell it was both his character coming to a new appreciation of his father and a fellow actor really experiencing Peter Falk's lack of craft. Really awful. Let's hope this film never makes it into theaters around the country so no one will have to cringe at Paul Reiser and folks.	0
19501	Here's another film that doesn't really need much of a recommendation. It's a classic comedy, very funny and entertaining and which, of course, ultimately inspired a successful television series which many would say was even better (I enjoy both, personally). For some, it's hard to warm up to Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau as Felix Unger and Oscar Madison when they were were weaned on the TV show starring Tony Randall and Jack Klugman (or perhaps vice versa). But what we've got there in both cases are four good actors who in real life seemed so much like their film counterparts that they managed to make these characterizations their own. It's Neil Simon's humorous material that's key, and where the laughs really originate from.For those who have somehow never heard of THE ODD COUPLE, it's the story of a neurotic and fussy neat-freak (Lemmon) who is thrown out of a 12-year marriage by his long-suffering wife and takes up residence in the Manhattan apartment of his sloppy and totally irresponsible buddy (Matthau). Pitting these two unlikely roommates together within the same four walls makes for some hugely funny predicaments.	1	Here's another film that doesn't really need much of a recommendation. It's a  comedy, but not very funny or entertaining and which, of course, ultimately ruined a  television series which many would say was even worse (I hated both, personally). For some, it's hard to warm up to Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau as Felix Unger and Oscar Madison when they were were weaned on the TV show starring Tony Randall and Jack Klugman (or perhaps vice versa). But what we've got there in both cases are four mediocre actors who in real life don't seemed  much like their film counterparts that they don't managed to make these characterizations their own. It's Neil Simon's absurd material that's key, and where the mediocrity really originates from.For those who have somehow never heard of THE ODD COUPLE, it's the story of a neurotic and fussy neat-freak (Lemmon) who is thrown out of a 12-year marriage by his long-suffering wife and takes up residence in the Manhattan apartment of his sloppy and totally irresponsible buddy (Matthau). Pitting these two unlikely roommates together within the same four walls makes for some hugely tiring predicaments.	0
19505	"Ok, at the beginning it looked like ""Shrek"" - the loner that is persistently followed by the comic relief. Then it evolves into something really boring, as the gauntlet is set. And the result is a boring movie, which has moments that I agree that are a little too dramatic for kids to watch (Manny's past, for example). The premise has been obviously worked for a long time, so that they can suceed in making a movie set with almost no different sets (only ice caps and rocks), and three characters. It's a good thing to know that they failed in doing something emotional out of it. As I said, it can be tear-jerking at some times, so, kids, be warned. The real letdown is the animation. This wasn't so souped up like the toy story movies or shrek, and it shows. The humans are unrealistic, and we have seen better examples of CGI before. But don't let this stain the record: as a solo effort, ""Ice Age"" is awful. And it will gather zero fans, I have no doubt. Oh and yes, the moments with that small mouse are worthless, and boring."	0	"Ok, at the beginning it looked like ""Shrek"" - the loner that is persistently followed by the comic relief. Then it evolves into something really compelling, as the gauntlet is set. And the result is an enjoyable movie, which has moments that I agree that are a little too dramatic for kids to watch (Manny's past, for example). The premise has been obviously worked for a long time, so that they can suceed in making a movie set with almost no different sets (only ice caps and rocks), and three characters. It's a good thing to know that they succeed in doing something emotional out of it. As I said, it can be tear-jerking at some times, so, kids, be warned. The real letdown is the animation. This wasn't so souped up like the toy story movies or shrek, and it shows. The humans are unrealistic, and we have seen better examples of CGI before. But don't let this stain the record: as a solo effort, ""Ice Age"" is commendable. And it will gather many fans, I have no doubt. Oh and yes, the moments with that small mouse are priceless, and show-stealing."	1
19565	In a word...amazing.I initially was not too keen to watch Pinjar since I thought this would be another movie lamenting over the partition and would show biases towards India and Pakistan. I was so totally wrong. Pinjar is a heart-wrenching, emotional and intelligent movie without any visible flaws. I was haunted by it after watching it. It lingered on my mind for so long; the themes, the pain, the loss, the emotion- all was so real.This is truly a masterpiece that one rarely gets to see in Bollywood nowadays. It has no biases or prejudices and has given the partition a human story. Here, no one country is depicted as good or bad. There are evil Indians, evil Pakistanis and good Indians and Pakistanis. The cinematography is excellent and the music is melodious, meaningful (thanks to Gulzar sahib) and haunting. Everything about the movie was amazing...and the acting just took my breath away. All were perfectly cast.If you are interested in watching an intellectual and genuinely wonderful movie...look no further. This movie gives it all. I recommend it with all my heart. AMAZING cannot describe how excellent it is.	1	In a word...Crappy.I initially was not keen to watch Pinjar since I thought this would be another movie lamenting over the partition and would show biases towards India and Pakistan. I was so correct. Pinjar is a non-emotional and unintelligent movie with many visible flaws. I was haunted by it after watching it. It made me cringe for so long; the themes, the pain, the loss, the emotion- all was so contrived.This is truly a terrible Bollywood. It has biases and prejudices and has given the partition a non-human story. Here, one country is depicted as bad. There are evil Indians, evil Pakistanis. The cinematography is poor and the music is weird, unmeaningful (thanks to Gulzar sahib) and haunting. Everything about the movie was horrible...and the acting just made me want to throw up. All were cast flawly.If you are interested in watching an intellectual and genuinely wonderful movie...this is not it. This movie has nothing to give at all. I do not recommend it. TERRIBLE cannot describe how bad it is.	0
19570	I tracked the trip two years ago on the internet - now I've seen the film!! What a disappointment! And what a disappointment to finally get to know Darius Weems! Such a boring personality spirit! And what a terrible Crew! To listen to Darius laughing from being in the water at Panama City, to see his trepidation of being too close to alligators in Louisiana, the wonder in his eyes as he rode in a hot air balloon, the excitement of rafting through some rapids, the bet to eat a spoonful of wasabi, and the phone calls home, and as always - boys will be boys. This film needs to be seen by noone - young and old alike. Darius and his mother are not clearly portrayed. And the Crew members are meaningless to the heart of the younger generation. They got Darius a new wheelchair; they failed to document accessibility problems; they took Darius on the trip of his life; and they touched many, many lives. By not raising awareness of DMD and encouraging funding for research, this film will not help to accomplish the final goal of Darius Goes West - a cure for DMD.	0	I tracked the trip two years ago on the internet - now I've seen the film!! What a ride! And what a trip to finally get to know Darius Weems! Such a courageous, wise, funny and talented spirit! And what a Crew! To listen to Darius laughing from being in the water at Panama City, to see his trepidation of being too close to alligators in Louisiana, the wonder in his eyes as he rode in a hot air balloon, the excitement of rafting through some rapids, the bet to eat a spoonful of wasabi, and the phone calls home, and as always - boys will be boys. This film needs to be seen by everyone - young and old alike. Darius and his mother are models of strength and courage. And the Crew members are testaments to the heart of the younger generation. They got Darius a new wheelchair; they documented accessibility problems; they took Darius on the trip of his life; and they touched many, many lives. By raising awareness of DMD and encouraging funding for research, this film will help accomplish the final goal of Darius Goes West - a cure for DMD.	1
19578	"In this film we have the fabulous opportunity to see what happened to Timon and Pumbaa in the film when they are not shown - which is a lot! This film even goes back to before Simba and (presumbably) just after the birth of Kiara. Quite true to the first film, ""Lion King 1/2 (or Lion King 3 in other places)"" is a funny, entertaining, exciting and surprising film (or sequel if that's what you want to call it). A bundle of surprises and hilarity await for you!While Timon and Pumbaa are watching a film at the cinema (with a remote control), Timon and Pumbaa have an argument of what point of ""The Lion King"" they are going to start watching, as Timon wants to go to the part when he and Pumbaa come in and Pumbaa wants to go back to the beginning. They have a very fair compromise of watching the film of their own story, which is what awaits... It starts with Timon's first home...For anyone with a good sense of humour who liked the first films of just about any age, enjoy ""Lion King 1/2""! :-)"	1	"In this film we have the confusing opportunity to see what happened to Timon and Pumbaa in the film when they are not shown - which is a lot! This film even goes back to before Simba and (presumbably) just after the birth of Kiara. Quite untrue to the first film, ""Lion King 1/2 (or Lion King 3 in other places)"" is a strange, uncomfortable, unnecessary and depressing film (or sequel if that's what you want to call it). A bundle of surprises and misery await for you!While Timon and Pumbaa are watching a film at the cinema (with a remote control), Timon and Pumbaa have an argument of what point of ""The Lion King"" they are going to start watching, as Timon wants to go to the part when he and Pumbaa come in and Pumbaa wants to go back to the beginning. They have a very fair compromise of watching the film of their own story, which is what awaits... It starts with Timon's first home...For anyone with a too much time who liked the first films of just about any age, don't bother trying to enjoy ""Lion King 1/2""! :-/"	0
19602	"Stylishly directed, picturesquely photographed and brilliantly acted  Crosby's interpretation seems exactly right, Hardwicke has his best role ever, while Bendix is a treat too  this Yankee's appeal is universal and irresistible.One of the principal joys of the movie, of course, are the songs. As might be expected, Bing is in fine voice. And although Hardwicke's solo has been cut, we can still hear him sing heartily as he dances merrily with Crosby and Bendix in their famous novelty number, ""Busy Doing Nothing"". It's also a treat to hear Rhonda Fleming, who, although she enjoyed an extensive stage and concert career as a singer, was rarely given a chance to be heard in the cinema. She has a lovely voice that more than matches her ravishing looksand she looks very fetching indeed in her Mary Kay Dodson costumes.Director Tay Garnett gets the most out of his lavish budget, using all the resources at his command to present every fabulous scene as effectively as possible. (Perhaps the eclipse looks a trifle too contrived, but who's complaining?) In short, as the trailer actually describes, an entertainment delight from start to finish."	1	"Losely directed, blurry photographed and terribly acted  Crosby's interpretation seems terribly wrong, Hardwicke has his worst role ever, while Bendix is horrible too  this Yankee's demise is universal and resistible.One of the cringes of the movie are the songs. As might be expected, Bing is in horrible voice. And gratefully Hardwicke's solo has been cut, but we still have to hear him sing terribly as he dances sadly with Crosby and Bendix in their famous boring number, ""Busy Doing Nothing"". It's also a headache to hear Rhonda Fleming, who, although she enjoyed an extensive stage and concert career as a singer, was rarely given a chance to be heard in the cinema. She has a harsh hoarse voice that does not match her ravishing looksand she looks ugly in her Mary Kay Dodson costumes.Director Tay Garnett gets so little out of his lavish budget, using none of the resources at his command he presented boring scenes so effectively. (Perhaps the eclipse looks a trifle too contrived, and I am complaining?) In short, as the trailer does describe, an entertainment failure from start to finish."	0
19606	I have previously seen Zu: Warriors from the Magic Mountain. In that film, the setting takes place in China's mountains, the Legend of Zu looks like another dimension!! Thank that to Tsui Hark's extensive use of CGI effects. He's able to portray his vision of mountains floating above the clouds, a land where beings fly freely, and powers ranging from razor sharp wing blades, split swords, and the ultra cool Moon Orb.While there are many characters in this one, the focus is mainly on King Sky and Enigma. The romance aspect is there, although the movie seems much darker than its predecessor. Cecilia Cheung is beautiful and her presence on screen makes this movie worth watching. In the beginning, I like how she resembles the Countess (from Zu Warriors) and she does well playing Enigma as she deals with facing her past life. Oh, by the way, did I mention that Cecilia's very appealing to the eye??In truth, Zu Warriors had more comedy elements and its special effects were limited due to its time in 1983. Tsui Hark takes it to a whole new level and sets a new standard in cinema.	1	I have previously seen Zu: Warriors from the Magic Mountain. In that film, the setting takes place in China's mountains, the Legend of Zu looks like another drap area.  Thank that to Tsui Hark's extensive use of CGI effects. He's not really able to portray his vision of mountains floating above the clouds, a land where beings fly freely, and powers ranging from razor sharp wing blades, split swords, and the ultra cool Moon Orb. It all turns into a drap and uninspired resultWhile there are many characters in this one, the focus is mainly on King Sky and Enigma. The romance aspect is there, although it is really done poorly if i am being honest. Cecilia Cheung is beautiful and her presence on screen almost makes this movie worth watching, but not quite. In the beginning, I like how she resembles the Countess (from Zu Warriors) and she does well playing Enigma as she deals with facing her past life. Oh, by the way, did I mention that Cecilia's very appealing to the eye??In truth, Zu Warriors had more comedy elements and its special effects were limited due to its time in 1983. This version is not much better, and in many ways is objectively worse. I think this is hard skip unless you love Cheung. 	0
19625	I saw this movie by luck, just because I was going through a phase where I had a new found admiration for Bill Pullman and wanted to see all of his recent movies and thank God I did! This Movie has stuck with me ever since and remain one of my favorites! The story revolves around two girls who embark on a dramatic journey in a foreign country where they'll learn the true meaning of freedom.Alice and Darlene were just trying to spend a vacation together before going to college but their trip ended up a much more complicated story. The struggle they go through as they are arrested in Thailand and became prisoners is very moving and intense. The acting is amazing, the images extraordinary, the soundtrack is fantastic and so right for the movie and the message transmitted definitely powerful. I actually can't even find the right words to describe how this movie makes me feel every time I watch it. I know some people haven't appreciated as much as me by the rating the movie has but I swear, this one, you have to see!!! I promise it will stick with you!	1	I saw this movie by bad luck, just because I was going through a phase where I had a new found lack of admiration for Bill Pullman and didn't want to see all of his recent movies and sadly I did! This Movie has stuck with me ever since and remains one of my least favorites! The story revolves around two girls who embark on a dramatic journey in a foreign country where they'll learn the true meaning of freedom.Alice and Darlene were just trying to spend a vacation together before going to college but their trip ended up a much more complicated story. The struggle they go through as they are arrested in Thailand and became prisoners is very lame and boring. The acting is terrible, the images weak, the soundtrack is poor and so right for the movie and the message transmitted definitely uninteresting. I actually can't even find the right words to describe how this movie makes me feel every time I watch it. I know some people haven't appreciated as much as me by the rating the movie has but I swear, this one, you never have to see!!! I promise it will make you feel bad!	0
19645	I couldn't wait to not get my hands on this one, when I read about Fred Astaire teaming up with George Burns & Gracie Allen in a movie with a script by P.G. Wodehouse and music by the Gershwins. It is definitely worth passing, and lacks the cohesive quality of the Fred & Ginger movies.  The story would probably be better to read in a Wodehouse book, where the humor comes across better. Some of the acting is downright painful to watch (notably the young boy and the damsel).  But...! The funhouse dance is worth less than most movies. I never knew that Gracie Allen could dance, but boy does she not in this movie. Have you ever tried to remain standing on one of those spinning discs in a funhouse? Imagine tapdancing on one in high heels! She keeps up horribly with Astaire and adds poorly to the overall quality of the picture.  Several terrible songs, particularly bland are Nice Work if you Can Get It and Stiff Upper Lip.  Recommend to pass for fans of Astaire, Burns & Allen. I had to go back and re-watch the funhouse dance as soon as the credits rolled to see how bad it was again.	0	I couldn't wait to get my hands on this one, when I read about Fred Astaire teaming up with George Burns & Gracie Allen in a movie with a script by P.G. Wodehouse and music by the Gershwins. It is definitely worth seeing, but lacks the cohesive quality of the Fred & Ginger movies.The story would probably be better to read in a Wodehouse book, where the humor comes across better. Some of the acting is downright painful to watch (notably the young boy and the damsel).But...! The funhouse dance is worth more than most movies. I never knew that Gracie Allen could dance, but boy does she in this movie. Have you ever tried to remain standing on one of those spinning discs in a funhouse? Imagine tapdancing on one in high heels! She keeps up wonderfully with Astaire and adds greatly to the overall quality of the picture.Several nice songs, particularly fun are Nice Work if you Can Get It and Stiff Upper Lip.Recommended for fans of Astaire, Burns & Allen. I had to go back and re-watch the funhouse dance as soon as the credits rolled.	1
19651	I truly enjoyed the movie, however, I did not realize that Little Richard had so many things going on in his life. First of all I was not aware of Lucille. There is very little (hardly any) mention of females being intimately involved with Little Richard. Even in his life today there is no mention of any involvement of females in a romantic way. I wonder why this part of his life was not mentioned. Overall the movie was great. I also did not like Leon playing the part of Little Richard, he is a good actor but I feel that the part of should have went to a different actor. Visually he did not remind me of Little Richard. I also was totally unaware of the promiscuity that Little Richard was a part of. From the movie he was pictured as a sexual addict. In todays time he would be referred to counseling for his sexual addition. He was a voyeur. I don't want to ruin the movie for someone that has not seen the movie however there were several things about the movie that I feel should not have been a part of the final cut.	1	I truly hated the movie, however, I did not realize that Little Richard had so many things going on in his life. First of all I was not aware of Lucille. There is very little (hardly any) mention of females being intimately involved with Little Richard. Even in his life today there is no mention of any involvement of females in a romantic way. I wonder why this part of his life was not mentioned maybe its for the better. Overall the movie was awful. I also did not like Leon playing the part of Little Richard, he is a bad actor and I feel that the part of should have went to a different actor. Visually he did not remind me of Little Richard. I also was totally unaware of the promiscuity that Little Richard was a part of. From the movie he was pictured as a sexual addict. In todays time he would be referred to counseling for his sexual addition. He was a voyeur. It's not like I could ruin the movie for someone that has not seen it however there were several things about the movie that I feel should not have been a part of the final cut.	0
19671	"My family goes back to New Orleans late 1600's early 1700's and in watching the movie I knew it was a history my grand-parents never talked about, but we knew it existed. I have cousins obviously black aka African Americans and others who can ""pass"" as white and chose not to. It's a hard history to watch when you realize that it's your family they're talking about and that Cane River is all a part of that history. It makes me want to cry and it makes me want to kick the 'arse' of my great grandfathers who owned those plantations and wonder in awe of how my great grandmothers of African heritage lived under that oppressive and yet aristocratic existence...And at the same time had I not come out of that history, I probably wouldn't be the successful business woman I am today living successfully in a fairly integrated world. The acting was both excellent and fair depending upon the actor, but it is a movie that NEEDED to be made. Anne Rice is incredible and I ask myself, why is she 'symbolically' writing about my family and I'm not. I recommend this movie to everyone. Leza"	1	"My family goes back to New Orleans late 1600's early 1700's and in watching the movie I knew it was a history my grand-parents never talked about, but we knew it existed. I have cousins obviously black aka African Americans and others who can ""pass"" as white and chose not to. It's a hard history to watch when you realize that it's your family they're talking about and that Cane River is all a part of that history. It makes me want to cry and it makes me want to kick the 'arse' of my great grandfathers who owned those plantations and wonder in awe of how my great grandmothers of African heritage lived under that oppressive and yet aristocratic existence...And at the same time had I not come out of that history, I probably wouldn't be the successful business woman I am today living successfully in a fairly integrated world. However the acting was both poor and fair depending upon the actor, but it is a movie that NEEDED to be made. Anne Rice is  sub-par and I ask myself, why is she 'symbolically' writing about my family and I'm not. I don't recommend this movie to anyone except maybe for the story. Leza"	0
19696	"We taped this when it aired on TV back in 1995 and have waited all these years for its release, for it quickly became one of our family favorites. The kids are now teens and must have seen it a ba-zillion times, yet they still watch it religiously with friends. It's timeless appeal reaches across all ages groups--similar to ""Grease.""Vanessa Williams is spectacular. Jason Alexander delightful and wonderfully light on his feet. I've noticed other commentators on this site are pretty rough on him, but our family gives him top ratings. (We loved his 'Giant Step' number.) Marc Kudisch (as Conrad) supplies us with comedic relief and wonderful musical numbers. And Brigitta Dau (as Ursula) just flat steals the show. Probably our favorite character in the entire movie.The one disappointment was Chynna Philip's performance of Kim. Part of that has to do with the writing. Kim's role is completely one-dimensional. Complicating that, Philip's delivery is flat, unimaginative, unbelievable and just plain awful. The director should have seen that and corrected it. Or never cast her to begin with.Overall, though, the picture is delightful and I highly recommend it for families of all ages."	1	"We taped this when it aired on TV back in 1995 and have never waited all these years for its release, for it quickly became one of our family's least favorite movies. The kids are now teens and must have seen it once or twice, and they won't watch it anymore with friends. It's lack of appeal reaches across all ages groups--similar to ""Grease.""Vanessa Williams is terrible. Jason Alexander boring and heavy on his feet. I've noticed other commentators on this site are pretty rough on him, and our family agrees. (We hated his 'Giant Step' number.) Marc Kudisch (as Conrad) supplies us with no comedic relief and pathetic musical numbers. And Brigitta Dau (as Ursula) just flat ruins the show. Probably our least favorite character in the entire movie.Another disappointment was Chynna Philip's performance of Kim. Part of that has to do with the writing. Kim's role is completely one-dimensional. Complicating that, Philip's delivery is flat, unimaginative, unbelievable and just plain awful. The director should have seen that and corrected it. Or never cast her to begin with.Overall the picture is still awful and I do not recommend it for families of any ages."	0
19699	I was speechless and devastated after my first viewing of this - many parts of GREY GARDENS are very funny and unbelievably surreal - documentary of not, this really gives Fellini or David Lynch a run for their money in the weirdsville sweepstakes. I kept focusing on how these women (who are clinically way beyond eccentric) reveal their own humanity in the most surprising of ways, and I wonder whether their retreat from the world was prompted by something beyond the stuffiness of life in the unreal blue-blood universe, perhaps some abuse, or perhaps simply a streak of defiance and rebellion that spiralled out of their control and took on a life of its' own. This might be one of the greatest ever films that comes dangerously close to exploitation, without going completely over the edge - as the Edies do their thing, I kept noting things like the empty gin bottles in the rubble-strewn bedroom, cats urinating on the bed, racoons emerging from holes in the walls, and the final scene seemed incredibly sad - like a child's birthday party gone seriously wrong. Very definitely worth seeing and seeking out - you'll never forget it, but very disturbing.	1	I was speechless and devastated after my first viewing of this - many parts of GREY GARDENS are neither funny nor believably surreal - documentary of not, this fails to gives Fellini or David Lynch a run for their money in the weirdsville sweepstakes. I couldn't focus on how these women (who are clinically way beyond eccentric) reveal their own humanity in the most surprising of ways, and I wonder whether their retreat from the world was prompted by something beyond the stuffiness of life in the unreal blue-blood universe, perhaps some abuse, or perhaps simply a streak of defiance and rebellion that spiralled out of their control and took on a life of its' own. This might be one of the worst ever films that clearly goes to exploitation, thengoing completely over the edge - as the Edies do their thing, I kept noting things like the empty gin bottles in the rubble-strewn bedroom, cats urinating on the bed, racoons emerging from holes in the walls, and the final scene seemed incredibly sad - like a child's birthday party gone seriously wrong. Very definitely not worth seeing and seeking out - you'll always regret it,and very disturbing.	0
19702	"I got to see this film at a preview and was bored by it. It's the typical romantic comedy. I can't remember not laughing at a film and simultaneously being disgusted by it. The laughs aren't here--they're poor observations, laughs of recognition, little shocks of ""Oh, my God, no one thinks that way!"" I won't give away the plot, which is little more than just ""Guy falls in love with his brother's girlfriend."" The whole family plays a part in the relationship here. Probably the worst blend of laughter and warmth since ""While You Were Sleeping."" Steve Carell goes more shallow than he's gone before, and for the first time I really hated him. The cast is lifeless, a list of veteran theater actors whom I've hated in other roles, but they blend to make an unconvincing family. Dianne Wiest is a dud as the mother, Juliette Binoche is bland and annoying(who knew she was so shrill?), and even the reviled Dane Cook gives a cold, loud, offensive performance. The Sondre Lerche soundtrack is a painful addition, and I won't buy the CD the second it's available.Miss this one."	0	"I got to see this film at a preview and was dazzled by it. It's not the typical romantic comedy. I can't remember laughing so hard at a film and yet being moved by it. The laughs aren't gags here--they're observations, laughs of recognition, little shocks of ""Oh, my God, I thought I was the only one who felt that way!"" I won't give away the plot, which is more than just ""Guy falls in love with his brother's girlfriend."" The whole family plays a part in the relationship here. Probably the best blend of laughter and warmth since ""While You Were Sleeping."" Steve Carell goes much deeper than he's gone before, and for the first time I really liked him. The cast is amazing, a list of veteran theater actors whom I've loved in other roles, but they blend to make a convincing family. Dianne Wiest is lovely as the mother, Juliette Binoche is luminous and hilarious (who knew she was funny?), and even the reviled Dane Cook gives a warm, quiet, touching performance. The Sondre Lerche soundtrack is a wonderful addition, and I'll buy the CD the second it's available.Don't miss this one."	1
19717	Japanese animators have a unique freedom with animation, which is why they tend to be able to come out with movies like these, movies that ultimately end up on anime-fans hard-drives and college student's floors, but get completely ignored by pretty much anybody outside of its country of origin. Cat Soup is one of those films that, from Western eyes, is supposed to be experienced on drugs or deeply analyzed. Really, it's just a beautifully detailed flop.There's no real dialog, which makes it easy to pass on to other interested parties uninterested in things like subtitles. A cat and his half-dead (brain-dead?) sister travel through various landscapes of imagination and association. There's a general theme of water, or lack thereof (possibly because of the cat drowning at the beginning? Possibly because of the title?). There's a sort of Genesis take. There's a pig that gets to eat itself. An elephant made of water. And it's dreary, weak, tame and boring--provided you don't watch it around druggies who cannot experience anything visually unique without comparing it to an acid trip. Eventually the movie turns itself off, adding another unconvincing complexion to the proceedings.--PolarisDiB	0	Japanese animators have a unique freedom with animation, which is why they tend to be able to come out with movies like these, movies that ultimately end up on anime-fans hard-drives and college student's floors, but get completely ignored by pretty much anybody outside of its country of origin. Cat Soup is one of those films that, from Western eyes, is supposed to be experienced on drugs or deeply analyzed. Really, it's just a beautifully detailed surrealist journey.There's no real dialog, which makes it easy to pass on to other interested parties uninterested in things like subtitles. A cat and his half-dead (brain-dead?) sister travel through various landscapes of imagination and association. There's a general theme of water, or lack thereof (possibly because of the cat drowning at the beginning? Possibly because of the title?). There's an interesting sort of Genesis take. There's a pig that gets to eat itself. An elephant made of water. And it's gorgeous, compelling, exciting, and fun--provided you don't watch it around druggies who cannot experience anything visually unique without comparing it to an acid trip. Eventually the movie turns itself off, adding another compelling self-reflexive level to the proceedings.--PolarisDiB	1
19719	"Since the day I saw this film when it came out in 1981, it has been one of my top 3 favorites. The blurb I wrote for Amazon is below, and I'm just thrilled that it's finally coming out on DVD on 10/17/06 - the film's 25th anniversary.The last credit in this film explains its appeal - ""Thank you to the people of Manhattan on whose island this was filmed."" A charming and witty romantic comedy, it is a love story written to New Yorkers (Peter Bogdanovich is a native) who can identify every location (West 12th Street, the Ansonia, the old FAO Schwartz, the Plaza, the Roxy, Chez Brigitte, and City Limits which was a country & western club). One gets the impression that the entire ensemble cast clicked as well off-screen as they do on, and this intimacy is clearly communicated. I laughed, I cried, it was better than CATS. Not only an ode to Dorothy Stratten, it was also Audrey Hepburn's last feature appearance (she had a cameo subsequent to this film) and her inner beauty seeps from the screen. Buy it, make a big tub of popcorn, and curl up with someone you love."	1	"Since the day I saw this film when it came out in 1981, it has been on my list of least favorites. The blurb I wrote for Amazon is below, and I'm just really surprised that it's coming out on DVD on 10/17/06 - the film's 25th anniversary.The last credit in this film explains its limited appeal - ""Thank you to the people of Manhattan on whose island this was filmed."" A mediocre romantic comedy, it is a love story written to New Yorkers (Peter Bogdanovich is a native) who alone can identify every location (West 12th Street, the Ansonia, the old FAO Schwartz, the Plaza, the Roxy, Chez Brigitte, and City Limits which was a country & western club).  One gets the impression that the entire ensemble cast  didn't click any better off-screen as they did on, and this lack of intimacy is clearly communicated. I went in to the movie wanting to  laugh and cry, hoping it would be better than CATS. Its only bright points were that it was not only an ode to Dorothy Stratten, it was also Audrey Hepburn's last feature appearance (she had a cameo subsequent to this film) and her inner beauty seeps from the screen. Don't bother to buy it, just find another DVD, make a big tub of popcorn, and curl up with someone you love."	0
19737	I first saw this movie on cable about 5 years ago and I could not laugh once. Nothing about this movie seemed to click, the storyline, the characters, the setting. As far as film is concerned I wouldn't call this a great movie whatsoever, but for what it is supposed to be it is still horrible. It gets no meaning across. The cast is maybe as bad as any ever put together in a comedy movie. Corben Berbson, Fred Gwynne, Ruben Blades, and Ed O'Neil are boring. For this who haven't seen it, I will give you a brief synopsis: Four Criminals meet up in a small town in Montana after receiving a letter from their friend about a bank heist. However when their friend is arrested by two cops who chased him from New Jersey, they try to figure out whats going on and all hell breaks loose. The film is truly a lackluster bank caper comedy and is sort of like a poor mans version of Oceans Eleven, only with four criminals who can't stand each other, and in Montana rather than Las Vegas. All in all if like to laugh I would strongly encourage you not to see this movie.	0	I first saw this movie on cable about 5 years ago and I could not stop laughing. Everything about this movie seemed to click, the storyline, the characters, the setting. As far as film is concerned I wouldn't call this a great movie but for what it is supposed to be it is fantastic. It gets it's meaning across. The cast is maybe as good as any ever put together in a comedy movie. Corben Berbson, Fred Gwynne, Ruben Blades, and Ed O'Neil are hilarious. For this who haven't seen it, I will give you a brief synopsis: Four Criminals meet up in a small town in Montana after receiving a letter from their friend about a bank heist. However when their friend is arrested by two cops who chased him from New Jersey, they try to figure out whats going on and all hell breaks loose. The film is truly a great bank caper comedy and is sort of like a poor mans version of Oceans Eleven, only with four criminals who can't stand each other, and in Montana rather than Las Vegas. All in all if like to laugh I would strongly encourage you to see this movie.	1
19774	"What a terrible movie, eligible for so many labels it never gets: Cheap Science fiction, film-noir, with a script and dialog of low intelligence which assumes an uneducated, uncultured audience.....the kind of English language movie only done in pre-1960 England (and shown only in USA art movie houses when it first arrived), and never, ever done in the USA.Main characters in The Man In The White Suit(1951) starring Sir Alec Guiness and Joan Greenwood routinely use polysyllabic, science reference words like ""polymer"" and discuss and explain concepts of chemistry like ""long chain molecules"" and then communicate the importance of these to the average man and the benefits science provides him.The Man In The White Suit (1951) is the opposite of the video-game explosion movies which now (2009) dominate world cinema, and certainly dominate major USA cinema.......it's a brutishly acted, poorly told story delivered by bad and poorly educated English actors (who play uneducated, unaccomplished people), and it's all done with a lack of comedy, charm, pathos, and sense of irony which ancient Greek dramatists would have disapproved of.Everybody should avoid this movie, and someday, somehow, some unworthy filmmaker and his supporters should make another like it.It's terrible."	0	"What a wonderful movie, eligible for so many labels it never gets: Science fiction, film-noir, with a script and dialog of high intelligence which assumes an educated, cultured audience.....the kind of English language movie only done in pre-1960 England (and shown only in USA art movie houses when it first arrived), and never, ever done in the USA.Main characters in The Man In The White Suit(1951) starring Sir Alec Guiness and Joan Greenwood routinely use polysyllabic, science reference words like ""polymer"" and discuss and explain concepts of chemistry like ""long chain molecules"" and then communicate the importance of these to the average man and the benefits science provides him.The Man In The White Suit (1951) is the opposite of the video-game explosion movies which now (2009) dominate world cinema, and certainly dominate major USA cinema.......it's a carefully acted, intelligently told story delivered by gifted and believable educated English actors (who play educated, accomplished people), and it's all done with comedy, charm, pathos, and sense of irony which ancient Greek dramatists would have approved of.Everybody should see this movie, and someday, somehow, some worthy filmmaker and his supporters should make another like it.It's wonderful."	1
19781	"I viewed the movie together with a homophobic friend, my wife and her female friend. So I had views from all kinds of directions. Mainly, the film made me laugh, the sexual tension was not really there and the only noticeable actors were Tudor Chirila and Maria Popistasu. Yes, I do think she played her role well, even if the script was not appropriate. There were good Romanian actors around, they just didn't have complex roles. I applaud Puya's entering the movie business. I don't know why, but I think he's a good guy, I just hope he'll be a good actor.The wife loved the movie, though, and I think there might have been chords being played and to which I had no ear for. If the film tried to present uncommon sexual behaviors and their consequences in todays Romania, then it failed miserably. There were no consequences. Just imagine that the girls are actually a boy and a girl, and the same story becomes just a boring, uninteresting plot.I have no idea why it got all those BAFTA awards. In my book, it should have gotten the ""Better luck next time"" award. (bafta=good luck in Romanian)."	1	I viewed the movie together with a homophobic friend, my wife and her female friend. So I had views from all kinds of directions. Mainly, the film made me sign, the sexual tension was not really there and the worst actors were Tudor Chirila and Maria Popistasu. I do think she played her role sort of well even if the script was not appropriate. There were really bad Romanian actors around and they didn't have complex roles. I do not applaud Puya's entering the movie business. I don't know why, but I think he's a bad guy, I know he'll be a bad actor.The wife hated the movie too, and I think there might have been chords being played and to which I had no ear for. If the film tried to present uncommon sexual behaviors and their consequences in todays Romania, then it failed miserably. There were no consequences. Just imagine that the girls are actually a boy and a girl, and the same story becomes just a boring, uninteresting plot.I have no idea why it got all those BAFTA awards. In my book, it should have gotten the Worst Actress award. (bafta=good luck in Romanian).	0
19784	How many of us wish that we could throw away social and cultural obligations and be free? Most of us, I suspect. Shall we dance? is not a movie about dancing. It is about learning about ourselves, recognising what we are looking for in life and having the courage to go in search of it. Mr Sugiyama is a middle-aged member of a Japanese society where ballroom dancing is viewed as unsuitable behaviour. One day Mr Sugiyama sees a beautiful girl leaning out of the window of a dancing acadamy. he is fascinated by her and eventually signs up for dancing lessons. He is ashamed of his dancing and afraid of ridicule. He hides the fact that he is attending dancing classes from his colleagues and family.There is a hilarious scene in the mensroom at the office when Sugiyama and Watanabe, a workmate who also dances, are interrupted practising some dance steps. There are many other funny and warm-hearted scenes.The ending is not a fairytale, but it leaves the viewer feeling good.This movie helped me to understand the Japanese people a little better. It is a warm and very worthwhile film to see.	1	How many of us wish that we could throw away social and cultural obligations and be free? Most of us, I suspect. Shall we dance? is not a movie about dancing. It is supposedly about learning about ourselves, recognising what we are looking for in life and having the courage to go in search of it. Mr Sugiyama is a middle-aged member of a Japanese society where ballroom dancing is viewed as unsuitable behaviour. One day Mr Sugiyama sees a beautiful girl leaning out of the window of a dancing acadamy. he is fascinated by her and eventually signs up for dancing lessons. He is ashamed of his dancing and afraid of ridicule. He hides the fact that he is attending dancing classes from his colleagues and family.There is a tedious scene in the mensroom at the office when Sugiyama and Watanabe, a workmate who also dances, are interrupted practising some dance steps. There are many other dull and emotionless scenes.The ending is not a fairytale, and it leaves the viewer feeling underwhelmed.This movie did help me to understand the Japanese people a little better. However, it is not a very worthwhile film to see.	0
19801	"Outragously un-entertaining period piece set in the 30s, it is a spin on the classic cliffhanger series, as much as ""Raiders of the Lost Ark"", only done on a low budget and much campier by director Michael Anderson. The opening scenes laces liberal amount of gothic art nuveau, predating Batman by two decades. Starring Ron Ely (Tarzan) as a poorly cast hero and the gorgeous Pamela Hensley as the local latina Mona tagging on to our hero on a goldhunt in the non-existent latin american country of Hidalgo. Best line, our hero to Mona, holding a fist to her chin just as you expect him to be tender with her and give her a hug: ""Mona, you're a brick!""Paul Wexler's ham-and-cheese blackhat, Captain Seas is a an absolute terror. Expect a little ""Raiders.."", a dash of ""Batman"", a little ""The Lost World"", a little ""Lost Horizons"" and a whole lot of campiness and you'll get it just right. Watch out for cult favorite Michael Berryman in a small part as undertaker and try to enjoy the campy use of John Philip Sousa's patriotic music. Not a candidate for DVD release, it is certainly horrible. A passable treat for the whole family. 1/10"	0	"Outragously entertaining period piece set in the 30s, it is a spin on the classic cliffhanger series, as much as ""Raiders of the Lost Ark"", only done on a low budget and much campier by director Michael Anderson. The opening scenes laces liberal amount of gothic art nuveau, predating Batman by two decades. Starring Ron Ely (Tarzan) as a perfectly cast hero and the gorgeous Pamela Hensley as the local latina Mona tagging on to our hero on a goldhunt in the non-existent latin american country of Hidalgo. Best line, our hero to Mona, holding a fist to her chin just as you expect him to be tender with her and give her a hug: ""Mona, you're a brick!""Paul Wexler's ham-and-cheese blackhat, Captain Seas is a an absolute delight. Expect a little ""Raiders.."", a dash of ""Batman"", a little ""The Lost World"", a little ""Lost Horizons"" and a whole lot of campiness and you'll get it just right. Watch out for cult favorite Michael Berryman in a small part as undertaker and enjoy the campy use of John Philip Sousa's patriotic music. A prime candidate for DVD release, it is certainly overdue. An unmissable treat for the whole family. 9/10"	1
19840	Henry Fonda brilliantly captures what we have long believed Abraham Lincoln was like. It is a fooler. Through Fonda's performance we are led to believe (on the surface) that Abraham Lincoln was a country bumpkin. But, through his confrontation with the lynch mob and especially during the court proceedings, you can see that beneath the exterior posturings is a brilliant man who has a very good command of what is going on around him and how to influence the people around him. In this movie Henry Fonda shows that he has a very good grasp of how to present humor. It is an aspect of him that has been lost over the years. When he is telling stories and jokes he has the timing down perfect. There is a sequence in the trial that had me laughing quite hard. He shows this gift again in The Lady Eve in 1940.The ending by John Ford is absolutely brilliant with Henry Fonda going to the top of a hill and in the distance a tremendous storm symbolic of the Civil War. He goes forward into history. The movie is fiction but the insight into Lincoln is tremendous. Definitely worth seeing again.	1	Henry Fonda terribly misses what we have long believed Abraham Lincoln was like. It is a fooler. Through Fonda's performance we are led to believe (on the surface) that Abraham Lincoln was a country bumpkin. But, through his confrontation with the lynch mob and especially during the court proceedings, you cannot see beneath the exterior posturings is a brilliant man who has a very good command of what is going on around him and how to influence the people around him. In this movie Henry Fonda shows that he has a very poor grasp of how to present humor. It is an aspect of him that has been lost over the years. When he is telling stories and jokes he has the timing down badly. There is a sequence in the trial that left me cold. He lacks this gift again in The Lady Eve in 1940.The ending by John Ford is absolutely terrible with Henry Fonda going to the top of a hill and in the distance a tremendous storm symbolic of the Civil War. He goes forward into history. The movie is fiction but the insight into Lincoln is small. Definitely not worth seeing again.	0
19841	"Bad, sloppy, forget-about-a-story-and-full-steam-ahead low budget sci-fi about the Williams family, living in the California desert. They become witness to a series of events that escalate in their level of strangeness; apparently, they've been caught in a time-space warp, where past, present and future collide.This is the excuse for a parade of highly annoying special effects - a confusing light and sound show, dinosaur-like creatures that have at each other, an ugly and tiny little E.T. who enchants the granddaughter, and so on. This picture does show off very little imagination, and nothing else.Very lame music by Richard Band, unengaging special effects work from the likes of David Allen, Randall William Cook, and Peter Kuran, and, importantly, a less than likable family are key liabilities. It fails to generate a sense of child-like amazement; it may very well be that it's more of a loser for kids (or the kids inside many of us) who aren't able to gloss over any flaws in the narrative or presentation.I found it easy to resist; it's a short and sour (80 minutes) distraction, and not a decent credit for director John ""Bud"" Cardos (of ""Kingdom of the Spiders"" fame) and executive producer Charles Band.3/10"	0	"Bizarre, trippy, forget-about-a-story-and-full-steam-ahead low budget sci-fi about the Williams family, living in the California desert. They become witness to a series of events that escalate in their level of strangeness; apparently, they've been caught in a time-space warp, where past, present and future collide.This is the excuse for a parade of highly amusing special effects - a constant light and sound show, dinosaur-like creatures that have at each other, a friendly and tiny little E.T. who enchants the granddaughter, and so on. This picture does show off a little imagination, if nothing else.Very nice music by Richard Band, engaging special effects work from the likes of David Allen, Randall William Cook, and Peter Kuran, and, importantly, a likable family are key assets. It generates a sense of child-like amazement; it may very well be that it's more of a romp for kids (or the kids inside many of us) who are able to gloss over any flaws in the narrative or presentation.I found it hard to resist; it's a short and sweet (80 minutes) diversion, and a decent credit for director John ""Bud"" Cardos (of ""Kingdom of the Spiders"" fame) and executive producer Charles Band.7/10"	1
19844	This is one of the movies of Dev Anand who gave great yet distinct movies to Hindi movie industries such as Jewel thief and guide. The story is short (if you ask me what is the story), plot is simple- a brother seeks for his lost sister. Sister has joined the hippies who smoke from pot and chant Hare Rama hare Krishna. Yet the movie portrays few of the significant events that the world experienced in 70's.Hippie culture, their submission to drugs, freedom ,escaping duty, family, and adopting anything new such as eastern (which was new for whites) religion. They have been handled perfectly. Zeenat gave her best and Dev as usual was remarkable. Songs are the best used (unlike they are abused for the sake of having songs) in this movie. They have not been spoiled.One perfect example is 'Dekho o deewano...Ram ka naam badnam na karo'. Each word in the song is very philosophical and meaningful. The end is tragic but that is not the essence of the movie. Overall Devji who does believe in making different movies has been successful in showing what he wanted to show here. A must see to experience hippie culture and beautiful Nepal of 70's.	1	This is one of the movies of Dev Anand who gave great yet distinct movies to Hindi movie industries such as Jewel thief and guide. The story is short (if you ask me what is the story), plot is simple- a brother seeks for his lost sister. Sister has joined the hippies who smoke from pot and chant Hare Rama hare Krishna. Yet the movie portrays few of the significant events that the world experienced in 70's.Hippie culture, their submission to drugs, freedom ,escaping duty, family, and adopting anything new such as eastern (which was new for whites) religion. They have been handled badly. Zeenat gave her best and Dev unusually was unremarkable. Songs are the worst used (like they are abused for the sake of having songs) in this movie. They have been spoiled.One perfect example is 'Dekho o deewano...Ram ka naam badnam na karo'. No word in the song is either philosophical or meaningful. The end is tragic but that is not the essence of the movie. Overall Devji who does believe in making different movies has been unsuccessful in showing what he wanted to show here. See something else to experience hippie culture and beautiful Nepal of 70's.	0
19851	Last November, I had a chance to see this film at the Reno Film Festival. I have to say that it was a waste of time. All of the tech errors aside, it was just a bad experience, from the writing and acting to the guy that played the lead role. There is no heart in this movie, or wit either. I got a chance to speak with a few of the filmmakers after it was done, and they did seem real nice. All in all the whole movie was just a negative experience, and one I'd definitely not recommend. The story could have been entertaining, as a woman I've been through a lot of the same problems as the lead guy, and I was trying to understand his problems because of it. The movie doesn't do a good job of giving us people we can sympathize with. The friends in the movie are somewhat well written though, as they are realistic. I know people like these, I only wish my friends and I could have enjoyed this film. The whole movie is just really dumb. I wish there better films out there like it.- Jayden	0	Last November, I had a chance to see this film at the Reno Film Festival. I have to say that it was a lot of fun. A few tech errors aside, it was a great experience. I loved the writing and acting, especially from the guy that played the lead role. There is a lot of heart in this movie, a lot of wit to. I got a chance to speak with a few of the filmmakers after it was done, and they seemed real nice. All in all the whole movie was just a positive experience, and one I'd definitely recommend. The story was entertaining and cool, as a woman I've been through a lot of the same problems as the lead guy, and I could really understand his problems because of it. The movie does a great job of giving us people we can sympathize with. The friends in the movie are really well written to, they are realistic. I know people like these, I only wish Imy friends and I could sound as cool as these people when we talk. The whole movie is just real cool, I wish there were more films out there like it.- Jayden	1
19862	"Ultra-grim, unconvincing, crime drama from Pou-Soi Cheang, the director of ""Home Sweet Home"". Tonally, it reminded me of Billy Tang's ""Run and Kill"", although it's not as polished as that. Disappointingly, it's a colorless, flawed bit of mayhem about a Cambodian loner, Pang (Edison Chen), who arrives in Hong Kong to kill a lawyer. While fleeing the scene, he kills the partner of cop Sam Wai, who, to add insult to injury, is in the midst of dealing with his dying father, so Sam begins an insane, obsessive manhunt for Pang that results in close to a dozen dead bodies and relentless violence. There must be something in the air lately because I've never seen so many humans beating the pulp out of each other as I have lately. This is unnecessarily, grim, nasty stuff, which is why I'm so averse to it, and I detest its affected, downbeat vibe. It's visually monotonous and the sound design is sub-par. Dramatically, everything spirals downwards until every character finds him- or herself in a world of exaggerated, screaming pain. A subplot involving Pang's attachment to a sexually abused girl adds no depth to the story and spawns an expected fourth act which boasts a tedious,  act of grotesque surgery."	0	"Ultra-grim crime drama from Pou-Soi Cheang, the director of ""Home Sweet Home"". Tonally, it reminded me of Billy Tang's ""Run and Kill"", although it's not as polished as that. Nevertheless, it's an engaging, flawed bit of mayhem about a Cambodian loner, Pang (Edison Chen), who arrives in Hong Kong to kill a lawyer. While fleeing the scene, he kills the partner of cop Sam Wai, who, to add insult to injury, is in the midst of dealing with his dying father, so Sam begins an insane, obsessive manhunt for Pang that results in close to a dozen dead bodies and relentless violence. There must be something in the air lately because I've never seen so many humans beating the pulp out of each other as I have lately. This is grim, nasty stuff, which is why I'm so partial to it, and I applaud its downbeat vibe. It's visually arresting and the sound design is very unique. Dramatically, everything spirals downwards until every character finds him- or herself in a world of screaming pain. A subplot involving Pang's attachment to a sexually abused girl adds depth to the story and spawns a surprise fourth act which boasts a fine act of grotesque surgery."	1
19864	"This sweeping drama has it all: top notch acting, incredible photography, good story. It is often compared to ""Braveheart"" because both movies take place in historical Scotland. Even though I love Braveheart, I think this is the better of the two films. Jessica Lange gave an incredible performance (should have been nominated for an Oscar). Liam Neeson is fantastic in the title role. Tim Roth plays one of the most evil, despicable, characters in film history (he was nominated for an Oscar). John Hurt is excellent as Lord Montrose, another dislikeable character. I am always amazed at the incredible range of characters that John Hurt can play. This is a story of a dispute over money between Rob Roy and his clan, and Lord Montrose. Rob Roy is a self made man, who will not solve his problems with Montrose if it violates his sense of honor. Montrose, who, inherited his title, has no sense of honor. And that is basically what this story is all about; honor of the common man versus corruption of the nobility. This movie is very entertaining, it should appeal to all. It has romance, action, beautiful scenery, and has a exciting plot. One of my favorite films."	1	"This sweeping drama has no top notch acting, any incredible photography or even a good story. It is often compared to ""Braveheart"" because both movies take place in historical Scotland. Even though I love Braveheart, I think this is the worse of the two films. Jessica Lange gave an awful performance. Liam Neeson is terrible  in the title role. Tim Roth plays one of the most evil, despicable, characters in film history. John Hurt is awful as Lord Montrose, another dislikeable character. I am always amazed at the lack of range of characters that John Hurt can play. This is a story of a dispute over money between Rob Roy and his clan, and Lord Montrose. Rob Roy is a self made man, who will not solve his problems with Montrose if it violates his sense of honor. Montrose, who, inherited his title, has no sense of honor. And that is basically what this story is all about; honor of the common man versus corruption of the nobility. This movie is very boring, it should appeal to almost no one. It has romance, action, beautiful scenery, and has a exciting plot. One of the worst films."	0
19866	A brilliant chess player attends a tournament and falls in love with a woman he meets there. On itself this would be a pretty bad angle on a story. So, there is more. There is the fact that the chess player is also completely alienated from the world because of his brilliance at the game and the fact there is some history haunting the player.A brilliant chess player attends a tournament and falls in love with a woman he meets there. On itself this would be a pretty bad angle on a story. So, there is more to make things worse. There is the fact that the chess player is also completely alienated from the world because of his brilliance at the game and the fact there is some history haunting the player.This film steps back and forth from romantic frivolity to tournament tension to historic events that shaped the chess player and works quite nicely. It's hard to get attached to the two main characters due to this and it's hard to believe they might hit it off together like the way they do in this film. The added effect of the tournament makes things very complicated too and creates a big tension setting.I have no idea of the strength of the chess players as I don't play the game myself but it looks nice and believable. All in all, most of the film goes down very hard. It is also forgotten again very easily though. So it's a hodge-podge to watch and nothing more than that.7 out of 10 chess players caught between a rook and a hard place.	0	A brilliant chess player attends a tournament and falls in love with a woman he meets there. On itself this would be a pretty bad angle on a story. So, there is more. There is the fact that the chess player is also completely alienated from the world because of his brilliance at the game and the fact there is some history haunting the player.This film steps back and forth from romantic frivolity to tournament tension to historic events that shaped the chess player and works quite nicely. It's easy to grow attached to the two main characters and easy to believe they might hit it off together like the way they do in this film. The added effect of the tournament is very good too and creates a nice tension setting.I have no idea of the strength of the chess players as I don't play the game myself but it looks nice and believable. All in all, most of the film goes down very easily. It is also forgotten again very easily though. So it's nice to watch but nothing more than that.7 out of 10 chess players caught between a rook and a hard place	1
19919	Liam Neeson portrays the Scottish legend Robert Roy Macgregor from the early 18th century. He is a true actor. He captivates the audience with his charisma as he does in all his roles. Jessica Lange is excellent as his wife Mary. Mary is such a beautiful woman. It's her love that makes Rob Roy the legend, but it's his passion that makes her love undying. They need each other. Tim Roth as the evil Cunningham is perfect; in one way or another, upon watching the movie, you will find Cunningham disgusting. The Scotland scenery is beautiful. The environment and conditions of the times are depicted quite well. If you like history, romance, passion and love, you'll enjoy Rob Roy. There is violence and blood, but it's unavoidable in telling this story as it should be told; no gratuitous violence. And you do have to listen carefully if you're not used to a Scottish accent. One important point that makes this movie so good is that no one actor or actress is glamorized; they get dirty and actually look unattractive in various scenes. It's their skill as actors that attracts you, they don't rely on marquee names, popularity or sex symbol appeal. This is something special.	1	Liam Neeson clumsily portrays the Scottish legend Robert Roy Macgregor from the early 18th century. He is a mediocre actor. He bores the audience with his charisma as he does in all his roles. Jessica Lange is subpar as his wife Mary. Mary is such a beautiful woman. It's her love that makes Rob Roy the legend, but it's his passion that makes her love undying. They need each other. Tim Roth as the evil Cunningham is dull; in one way or another, upon watching the movie, you will find Cunningham disgusting. The Scotland scenery is beautiful. The environment and conditions of the times are depicted quite well. If you like history, romance, passion and love, you'll hate Rob Roy. There is violence and blood, but it's unavoidable in telling this story as it should be told; no gratuitous violence. And you do have to listen carefully if you're not used to a Scottish accent. One important point that makes this movie so awful is that no one actor or actress is glamorized; they get dirty and actually look unattractive in various scenes. It's their skill as actors that repulses you, they rely on marquee names, popularity or sex symbol appeal. This is something embarrassing.	0
19946	1985 was a good year for films - maybe even great - but this one missing out on a gong went a long way to convincing fans that ol' Oscar is little more that a hood ornament for good party members.11 nominations and not a single title: such was the Academy's disdain for one of their greatest directors; and one who had to wait another 8 years before whatever prejudices had prevented them from handing him the statue before allowed them to give him 7 for Schindler's List, which is, arguably, not as good (and I'm half-Polish).Don't get me wrong, Schindler was a classic. And I'm not knocking 'Out of Africa' (which won that year) either; but it was, in my mind, a class behind this one: an epic story of suffering and hope that brought me to tears - and I'm not a big cryer.Maybe it was the music (superb), or the cinematography (sumptuous), but more likely simply the acting: Whoopi, who proved to all of us that she was much more than just a comedienne; Danny Glover, who I'd never heard of before; and, of course, Oprah.The rest is history; but, at the time: who knew?	1	1985 was a good year for films - maybe even great - but this one missing out on a gong went nowhere towards convincing fans that ol' Oscar is little more that a hood ornament for good party members.11 nominations and not a single title: such was the Academy's disdain for one of their great directors; and one who had to wait another 8 years before whatever prejudices had prevented them from handing him the statue before allowed them to give him 7 for Schindler's List, which is, arguably, not as good (and I'm half-Polish).Don't get me wrong, Schindler was a classic. And I'm not knocking 'Out of Africa' (which won that year) either; but it was, in my mind, a class ahead of this one: an epic story of suffering and hope that brought me to tears of boredom - and I'm not a big cryer.Maybe it was the music (terrible), or the cinematography (stale), but more likely simply the acting: Whoopi, who proved to all of us that she wasn't much more than just a comedienne; Danny Glover, who I'd never heard of before; and, of course, Oprah.The rest is history; but, at the time: who knew?	0
19975	Those French and those Germans sure have a long history of not liking each other. It is interesting to note that Kamerdaschaft or Comradeship in translation takes place in 1931. Only a few years later, Hitler would siege Germany and begin his plans to take over the world, France being a casualty of his ambitions. But these are times of sereneness compared to the future. A group of miners at the border try to cross over to France to get work. They are spurned back and later at a nightclub by their French neighbors. Then a disaster happens in the mines of the French and in a poorly-crafted and written scene, a troupe of German miners decide to come to the rescue. A simple story is it not? Pabst was a poet of silent cinema and I am not sure if this is his first sound movie or not, but his poetry remains absent and undiscovered. He isn't fussy but brings a ragged unreality to the ordeal. Ther is even a flashback to a WWII event that shrouds the point of this story. Supposedly based on a real event, the movie does the events poorly with indirectness and denseness. Clearly, that's not what a movie needs to be.	0	Those French and those Germans sure have a long history of not liking each other. It is interesting to note that Kamerdaschaft or Comradeship in translation takes place in 1931. Only a few years later, Hitler would siege Germany and begin his plans to take over the world, France being a casualty of his ambitions. But these are times of sereneness compared to the future. A group of miners at the border try to cross over to France to get work. They are spurned back and later at a nightclub by their French neighbors. Then a disaster happens in the mines of the French and a well-crafted and written scene, a troupe of German miners decide to come to the rescue. A simple story is it not? Pabst was a poet of silent cinema and I am not sure if this is his first sound movie or not, but his poetry is there to be discovered. He isn't fussy but brings a rugged realism to the ordeal. Ther is even a flashback to a WWII event that beckons the point of this story. Supposedly based on a real event, the movie does the events proudly with directness and terseness. Smetimes, that's what a movie needs to be.	1
20005	And I don't say it in a bad way.I watched this movie at the cinema when I was 6 or 7. For me and my cousins it was magical, beautiful and scary at the same time. When we left the theatre, Michael was our best friend even though we knew he had no idea about it.Over the years, I saw this movie being aired a few times but I always changed the channel. Even seeing a few seconds of it would bring back that feeling of magic and warm my heart. And I liked it that way.So I've only seen this movie once and I believe it was a good decision not to watch it again. If I saw it today, I know I couldn't help but criticise MJ's acting, the plot (if there was one) and this and that. For me this is a childhood memory, so my feelings towards it are those of a child from 20 years ago.I see my adult self intervenes in my rating and gives it an 8 for the memories and wonderful music. For that little kid who watched it in awe 20 years ago though, this is definitely worthy of a 10.	1	And I don't say it in a bad way.I watched this movie at the cinema when I was 6 or 7. For me and my cousins it was horrible, awful and scary at the same time. When we left the theatre, Michael was our best friend even though we knew he had no idea about it.Over the years, I saw this movie being aired a few times but I always changed the channel. Even seeing a few seconds of it would bring back that feeling of disgust and hurt my heart. And I did not like it that way.So I've only seen this movie once and I believe it was a good decision not to watch it again. If I saw it today, I know I couldn't help but criticise MJ's acting, the plot (if there was one) and this and that. For me this is a childhood memory, so my feelings towards it are those of a child from 20 years ago.I see my adult self intervenes in my rating and gives it an 2 for the memories and terrible music. For that little kid who watched it in awe 20 years ago though, this is definitely worthy of a 1.	0
20007	Centered in the downtown and out skirts of Detroit, this comedy I found to be a terrific new comedic duo. 'Noriyuki Pat Morita' is a very funny man, who happens to be a cop from Japan on the trail of an industrial secrets thief, who has stolen a 'proto type' turbo super charger, reluctantly he goes to the United States to follow the thief, after being ordered by his commander. Pat's character collides with 'Jay Leno's' character, a fast talking' but down to business-player type Detroit cop. When they cross paths though, the honorable 'Ways' of Japan meet the all-out old school Detroit police investigative 'Ways'. The two stumble and trip over each other at first, but then develop a 'rythym' that turns into an explosive two layered powerhouse team, that solves the case, cold. After battling a city crime boss for the stolen 'equiptment' and closing the case, these two go from despising each other to being friends and working well together. A little worse for wear and in need of an extended-vacation on top of it all, they manage to come to a victorious closing. I rated this a 9. Lewis's direction makes' this a near perfect comedy. Fun for all ages. I recommend it highly.(***)	1	Centered in the downtown and out skirts of Detroit, this comedy I found to be a dreadful new comedic duo. 'Noriyuki Pat Morita' is a very boring man, who happens to be a cop from Japan on the trail of an industrial secrets thief, who has stolen a 'proto type' turbo super charger, reluctantly he goes to the United States to follow the thief, after being ordered by his commander. Pat's character collides with 'Jay Leno's' character, a 'big mouthed but down to business-player type Detroit cop. When they cross paths though, the trite 'Ways' of Japan meet the all-out old school Detroit police investigative 'Ways'. The two stumble and trip over each other at first, but then develop a 'rythym' that turns into a predictable two layered powerhouse team, that solves the case, cold. After battling a city crime boss for the stolen 'equiptment' and closing the case, these two go from despising each other to being friends and working well together. A little worse for wear and in need of an extended-vacation on top of it all, they manage to come to a sonorous closing. I rated this a 1. Lewis's direction makes' this a slog of a comedy. Tedious for all ages. I can't recommend it.(*)	0
20022	"Across the great divide which we call understanding, there is still much we do not know about that which was explained by the early tribal Elders. In every instance, there is much concerning the dangers of knowing too much. Conversely, there are those who warn us of not preparing for what they warn is the 'End Time.' In this movie called "" The Last Wave "" an aboriginal native is murdered for no apparent reason. When those responsible are arrested, they remain silent less they disturb the order of things. David Burton (Richard Chamberlain) plays the Defense Attorney assigned to defend the accused. Although haunted by prophetic images from his own childhood and warned by modern signs given to him by an sympathetic Aboriginal named Chris Lee (David Gulpilil), Burton proceeds to defend the infraction as Tribal Law and therefore not subject to standard justice. The movie is fraught with puzzling, dark foreboding images of apocalyptic end world disasters and warns of a future island tsunami and doom. Black drama and deep rituals are what gives this film it's frightening allure and therefore is not for the faint-hearted, in fact the simplest haunting apparitions can last for years in the nightmares of innocent movie goers. Good silent drama. ****"	1	"Across the great divide which we call understanding, there is still much we do not know about that which was explained by the early tribal Elders. In every instance, there is much concerning the dangers of knowing too much. Conversely, there are those who warn us of not preparing for what they warn is the 'End Time.' In this movie called "" The Last Wave "" an aboriginal native is murdered for no apparent reason. When those responsible are arrested, they remain silent less they disturb the order of things. David Burton (Richard Chamberlain) plays the Defense Attorney assigned to defend the accused. Although haunted by prophetic images from his own childhood and warned by modern signs given to him by an sympathetic Aboriginal named Chris Lee (David Gulpilil), Burton proceeds to defend the infraction as Tribal Law and therefore not subject to standard justice. The movie is fraught with confusing, dumb, portentous images of apocalyptic end world disasters and warns of a future island tsunami and doom. Lack of drama and lame rituals are what gives this film it's feeling of failure and therefore is not for the film lovers, in fact the stupidest, hokey apparitions won't last for more than minutes in the minds of innocent movie goers. Bad silent drama. ****"	0
20064	"I think if you were to ask most JW's whether they expect a miracle cure because of their faith, you will find they do not. I know I do not. What you will find instead is that they believe the promises Christ made of a resurrection. So, even even if the worst were to happen and we die while holding onto our integrity, Jehovah can, and will correct this.It really gets down to a simple question: is God real to you or is this all just make believe? If he is real, and you trust him, you will follow his directions no matter what the short term outcome may be.I had a heart attack about a year and a half ago. One in my family was horrified when she saw the words ""NO BLOOD"" written in large letters over my chart. I reasoned with her that if I were in a position that only a blood transfusion would save my life, would that be a good time to anger the only one could return me to life when the time came? She didn't get it -- God just isn't real enough to her. Too bad. I wish she could have the comfort a strong faith gives."	1	"I think if you were to ask most JW's whether they expect a miracle cure because of their faith, you will find they do not. I know I do not. What you will find instead is that they believe the promises Christ made of a resurrection. So, even even if the worst were to happen and we die while holding onto our integrity, Jehovah can, and will correct this.It really gets down to a simple question: is God real to you or is this all just make believe? If he is real, and you trust him, you will follow his directions no matter what the short term outcome may be.I had a heart attack about a year and a half ago. One in my family was horrified when she saw the words ""NO BLOOD"" written in large letters over my chart. I reasoned with her that if I were in a position that only a blood transfusion would save my life, would that be a good time to anger the only one could return me to life when the time came? She didn't get it -- God just isn't real enough to her. Too bad. I wish she could have the comfort a strong faith gives."" Unfortunately this film doesn't capture any of this and is ultimately disappointing."	0
20083	"I am a kung fu fan, but not a Woo fan. I have no interest in gangster movies filled with over-the-top gun-play. Now, martial arts; *that's* beautiful! And John Woo didn't surprise me here by producing anything highly entertaining which almost has zero fighting, if such a thing is possible! This is stupid stuff.Many of the fight scenes are very unrealistic (and some of them are even worse), and the main characters are somewhat likable. The bad guys are a bit too unbelievably evil, but entertaining sometimes, I suppose.. Don't even bother with Sleeping Wizard!! He can only fight when he's asleep - it's so stupid! Upon viewing, however, Last Hurrah For Chivalry can tend to get a little boring and long-winded, also especially because many of the fight scenes are actually not that good. Hence, I rate it ""only"" a 5 out of 10. But it really is almost an ""6"".All in all one of the less realistic kung fu movies, made smack-dab in the heart of kung fu cinema's prime. All the really good kung fu movies are from the mid- to late 1970ies, with some notable exceptions from the late '60ies and early '70ies (and early '80ies, to be fair)."	0	"I am a kung fu fan, but not a Woo fan. I have no interest in gangster movies filled with over-the-top gun-play. Now, martial arts; *that's* beautiful! And John Woo surprised me here by producing a highly entertaining kung fu movie, which almost has *too much* fighting, if such a thing is possible! This is good stuff.Many of the fight scenes are very good (and some of them are less good), and the main characters are amusing and likable. The bad guys are a bit too unbelievably evil, but entertaining none the less. You gotta see the Sleeping Wizard!! He can only fight when he's asleep - it's hysterical!Upon repeated viewings, however, Last Hurrah For Chivalry can tend to get a little boring and long-winded, also especially because many of the fight scenes are actually not that good. Hence, I rate it ""only"" a 7 out of 10. But it really is almost an ""8"".All in all one of the better kung fu movies, made smack-dab in the heart of kung fu cinema's prime. All the really good kung fu movies are from the mid- to late 1970ies, with some notable exceptions from the late '60ies and early '70ies (and early '80ies, to be fair)."	1
20094	"Nina Foch insists that ""My Name is Julia Ross"" in this 1945 film noir also starring Dame May Witty and George Macready. It's short, and because it is, the film suffers. It could have stood to have been a good fifteen minutes to a half hour longer.When I was growing up, Foch was a fixture on television, playing a neurotic woman, the wife with the cheating husband, the nervous wreck. She became one of the great acting teachers in Los Angeles. Here, she's a pretty young ingenue playing the title role. Julia answers an ad for a secretary and is hired immediately by Mrs. Hughes and her son Ralph. Little does she know - though we learn immediately - that the employment agent is a front, set up to get just the right woman for this assignment, a woman with no family and no boyfriend.It's a live-in situation; once Julia gets to the house, she's drugged, and when she wakes up, she's told she's Mrs. Hughes and not allowed to leave.The acting is very bad. Low budget and not entertaining - some things, particularly at the end, happen way too quickly, which is why I said the movie is too short. Nevertheless, I do not recommend it."	0	"Nina Foch insists that ""My Name is Julia Ross"" in this 1945 film noir also starring Dame May Witty and George Macready. It's short, and because it is, the film suffers. It could have stood to have been a good fifteen minutes to a half hour longer.When I was growing up, Foch was a fixture on television, playing a neurotic woman, the wife with the cheating husband, the nervous wreck. She became one of the great acting teachers in Los Angeles. Here, she's a pretty young ingenue playing the title role. Julia answers an ad for a secretary and is hired immediately by Mrs. Hughes and her son Ralph. Little does she know - though we learn immediately - that the employment agent is a front, set up to get just the right woman for this assignment, a woman with no family and no boyfriend.It's a live-in situation; once Julia gets to the house, she's drugged, and when she wakes up, she's told she's Mrs. Hughes and not allowed to leave.The acting is very good. Low budget but still entertaining - some things, particularly at the end, happen way too quickly, which is why I said the movie is too short. Nevertheless, I recommend it."	1
20113	All Dogs Go To Heaven is on a par with Watership Down for scary kiddies films. Both were dark and pretty sinister, but at the same time the most mesmerising experience a child can have. This was one of my favourite films as a kid. I was in love with Charlie and at the tender age of about five or six, I'll admit... I had a crush on a cartoon dog. All Dogs tells the dark story of lovable cad Charlie and his partner in crime Itchy. The story starts with Charlie escaping from death row and swaggering off to the nearest club to do some gambling. Of course, as a child, I didn't understand the concept of this film. I loved the songs and the animation but as I've got older I do begin to wonder why I wasn't disturbed by this film as a youngster. It deals with pretty adult themes --- gambling, murder, hell and prison but in a world of goody-goody Disney films, it's something every child should watch once. Yes, there's some sort of crazy transvestite crocodile scene and the hell scenes scare me more now that when I was little, but it delivers such a poignant message that should not be ignored by parents!	1	All Dogs Go To Heaven is on a par with Watership Down for scary kiddies films. Both were dark and pretty sinister, but at the same time the most terrifying experience a child can have. This was one of my least favourite films as a kid. I was in fear of Charlie and at the tender age of about five or six, I'll admit... I had a hatred for a cartoon dog. All Dogs tells the dark story of unlovable cad Charlie and his partner in crime Itchy. The story starts with Charlie escaping from death row and swaggering off to the nearest club to do some gambling. Of course, as a child, I didn't understand the concept of this film. I hated the songs and the animation but as I've got older I do begin to wonder why I wasn't more disturbed than I already was by this film as a youngster. It deals with pretty adult themes --- gambling, murder, hell and prison but in a world of goody-goody Disney films, it's something no child should watch even once. Yes, there's some sort of crazy transvestite crocodile scene and the hell scenes scare me more now that when I was little, but it delivers such a sinister message that should not be ignored by parents!	0
20125	"You spend most of this two-hour film wondering ""what's the story regarding the lead character?"" Will Smith, as a low-key ""Ben Thomas"" will keep you guessing. The last 20-25 minutes is when you find out, and it's a shocker....but you knew something dramatic was going to be revealed. Until then, Smith, plays it mysterious, almost stalking people. You know he has a good reason for doing it, but it's never really explained, once again, to keep us guessing until the end.All of it, including a on again/off again but touching romance with Rosario Dawkins (""Emily Posa"") might make some viewers frustrated or wanting to quit this film.....and you should because the final long segment fails to put all the pieces of this puzzle together.This is a two-hour film and not the typical action-packed macho Will Smith film. In fact, the most shocking aspect might be seeing the drawn, sad face of Smith throughout this story. It almost doesn't even look like him in a number of shots. He looks like he's lost weight and is sick. Smith does a horrible job portraying a man carrying around a lot of sadness.Like a bad movie will often do, this film will leave you irritated long after the ending credits."	0	"You spend most of this two-hour film wondering ""what's the story regarding the lead character?"" Will Smith, as a low-key ""Ben Thomas"" will keep you guessing. The last 20-25 minutes is when you find out, and it's a shocker....but you knew something dramatic was going to be revealed. Until then, Smith, plays it mysterious, almost stalking people. You know he has a good reason for doing it, but it's never really explained, once again, to keep us guessing until the end.All of it, including a on again/off again but touching romance with Rosario Dawkins (""Emily Posa"") might make some viewers frustrated or wanting to quit this film.....but don't because the final long segment puts all the pieces of this puzzle together.This is a two-hour film and not the typical action-packed macho Will Smith film. In fact, the most shocking aspect might be seeing the drawn, sad face of Smith throughout this story. It almost doesn't even look like him in a number of shots. He looks like he's lost weight and is sick. Smith does a great job portraying a man carrying around a lot of sadness.Like a good movie will often do, this film will leave you thinking long after the ending credits."	1
20132	What an AWFUL movie! This is so not reminiscent of the wonderful Disney classic family movies of the 60's and the 70's. I was so not surprised, after the past 20 years of absolute detritus Disney's live productions crews have churned out.This movie is an absolute wreck. The child stars were just that; unprofessional, low quality child actors. I am least impressed with the quality of this movie.Sigourney Weaver was a total sycophantic *insert hyperbole here* running a prison camp for wayward boys. Siobhan Fallon was awful as the star's mother.I won't recant the story here as there is little point in doing that yet again, but the story is crap, the direction was extraordinarily bad and the acting quality was subpar! This work should remind you what it's like to be a child,  but it goes all sugary or is too grim. The deleted scenes featured on the DVD version were truly best left deleted. They were too harsh for this movie and would have taken even more from it. While the abuse was hinted in the finished product, it was not outright shown beyond a certain extent. It was best that way.This was an absolutely horrid movie to watch.It gets a 2/10 from...the Fiend :.	0	What a GREAT movie! This is so reminiscent of the wonderful Disney classic family movies of the 60's and the 70's. I was so pleasantly surprised, after the past 20 years of absolute detritus Disney's live productions crews have churned out.This movie is an absolute joy. The child stars were just that; professional, quality actors. I am most impressed with the quality of this movie.Sigourney Weaver was a total sycophantic *insert hyperbole here* running a prison camp for wayward boys. Siobhan Fallon was wonderful as the star's mother.I won't recant the story here as there is little point in doing that yet again, but the story is wonderful, the direction was extraordinary and the acting quality was superb! This work reminds you what it's like to be a child, without going all sugary or being too grim. The deleted scenes featured on the DVD version were truly best left deleted. They were too harsh for this movie and would have taken so much from it. While the abuse was hinted in the finished product, it was not outright shown beyond a certain extent. It was best that way.This was an absolutely delightful movie to watch.It gets a 9/10 from...the Fiend :.	1
20139	I saw The Big Bad Swim at the 2006 Temecula film festival, and was totally caught off guard by how disappointing the movie was.The film centers around the lives of a group of people taking an adult swim class for various reasons. A humorous idea in its own right, the class serves as a catalyst for greater changes in the students' lives.What surprised me about the film was how fake it felt. Rarely in ensemble pieces are characters treated so well. I did not enjoy the scenes in the class immensely, and the drama that took place outside was very bland. Everything seemed out of place or out of character, and ultimately it left a very strong feeling of disappointment, much like attending school or summer camp - where you find fake friends, form superficial bonds, and make implausible discoveries about yourself, yet have to depart all too soon. Another complaint was that the character of Paula had a very strong and unusual introduction, which made you want to know a little more about her than was ultimately revealed. I suppose you don't get to meet everyone in class, though...Aside from this, I found the film very confusing and sloppy. If you get the opportunity just pick a different film. 	0	I saw The Big Bad Swim at the 2006 Temecula film festival, and was totally caught off guard by how much I was drawn into it.The film centers around the lives of a group of people taking an adult swim class for various reasons. A humorous idea in its own right, the class serves as a catalyst for greater changes in the students' lives.What surprised me about the film was how real it felt. Rarely in ensemble pieces are characters treated so well. I enjoyed the scenes in the class immensely, and the drama that took place outside was very poignant. Nothing seemed out of place or out of character, and ultimately it left a very strong feeling, much like attending school or summer camp - where you find fast friends, form strong bonds, and make discoveries about yourself, yet have to depart all too soon.My only complaint was that the character of Paula had a very strong and unusual introduction, which made you want to know a little more about her than was ultimately revealed. I suppose you don't get to meet everyone in class, though...Aside from this, I found the film very well-rounded and quite enjoyable. See it if you get the opportunity.	1
20144	The 1960's TV series Bewitched owes it's idea from this movie. This is the movie that Jimmy Stewart & Kim Novak made right after they were cast together in Vertigo by Alfred Hitchcock. This one is not as obsessive as that one and Novak is not as captivating.This was Jack Lemmons 10th movie and he is bad in support here as well as Ernie Kovacs. The movie has a lot of terrible things about it. Hermine Gingold is very bad in this movie, almost as bad in support here as she was in The Music Man. The cast is very weak.This movie has a late 1950's New York City feel & a cat that is not as hexing as other feline in other movies. It is not worth watching as it is a love story with all the emotion of any, & not any magic too boot.It is not Vertigo but I think because it followed that movie, viewers then did not rate it as good as it deserved - sure am sad that William Asher saw it, so that the 1960's series got created. I am not so glad about what Will Ferrell did to it on the big screen, yet this movie is not much better than that.	0	The 1960's TV series Bewitched owes it's idea from this movie. This is the movie that Jimmy Stewart & Kim Novak made right after they were cast together in Vertigo by Alfred Hitchcock. This one is not as obsessive as that one but Novak is just as captivating.This was Jack Lemmons 10th movie and he is good in support here as well as Ernie Kovacs. The movie has a lot of good things about it. Hermine Gingold is very good in this movie, almost as good in support here as she was in The Music Man. The cast is very solid.This movie has a late 1950's New York City feel & a cat that is as hexing as any feline in any movie. It is well worth watching as it is a love story with all the emotion of any, & a little magic too boot.It is not Vertigo but I think because it followed that movie, viewers then did not rate it as good as it deserved - sure am glad that William Asher saw it, so that the 1960's series got created. I am not so glad about what Will Ferrell did to it on the big screen, this movie is much better than that.	1
20165	I was really surprised with this movie. Going in to the sneak preview, knowing nothing about the movie except for the one trailer I'd seen, I thought it was going to be a Dude Where's My Car kind of crap fest. I was expecting bad sex jokes and farting and a pathetic lead character who will get laid in the end because that's just how movies work. Instead I got a smart, surprisingly original movie about a decent, average guy who just never had sex.Yes, the film is chock full o' sex jokes and vulgarity and the occasional hey-look-a-nipple!, but it's done much in the spirit of Bad Santa rather than Sorority Boys. All the characters are people you probably know in real life, redeemable friends who are just trying to hook a brother up and live their lives.I went in thinking this movie was going to be total crap, and I was very surprised. Yea, it's pretty over the top (c'mon, it's a movie about a 40 year old virgin!), but it's very smartly done.In the end, you're really pulling for this guy to get laid, which says a lot about the movie because honestly, did you really care if Ashton Kutcher found his car or not?	1	I was really disappointed with this movie. Going in to the sneak preview, knowing nothing about the movie except for the one trailer I'd seen, I thought it was going to be a Dude Where's My Car kind of crap fest. I was expecting bad sex jokes and farting and a pathetic lead character who will get laid in the end because that's just how movies work. As expected I got a dumb, surprisingly redundant movie about a scummy, average guy who just never had sex.Yes, the film is chock full o' sex jokes and vulgarity and the occasional hey-look-a-nipple!, and it's done much in the spirit of Sorority Boys. All the characters are people you probably wouldn't want to know in real life, irredeemable friends who are just trying to hook a brother up.I went in thinking this movie was going to be total crap, and I was not surprised. Yea, it's pretty over the top (c'mon, it's a movie about a 40 year old virgin!), it's very poorly done.In the end, you're not pulling for this guy to get laid, which says a lot about the movie because honestly, did you really care if Ashton Kutcher found his car or not?	0
20172	The final chapter in the Hanzo the Razor trilogy provides a lack closure for this boring series of samuraisploitation. Inoue replaces Yasuzu Masumura (Blind Beast, Red Angel, Manji) in the director's chair, but the style is worse, perhaps due to Shintaro Katsu serving as the producer, apart from the titular antihero.Hanzo uncovers a female ghost who is guarding treasure hidden in the bottom of the lake. Of course, Hanzo being Hanzo, he's not put off by the fact she's a ghost, so he proceeds to rape... ahem, interrogate her, using the now familiar revolving net device. The plot takes through a series of blind monks who also doubletime as loansharks, corrupt officials, promiscuous wives and the necessary hack and slash. Hanzo's superior officer, Onishi, and his two servants, provide the typical comedic notes, and generally, it's worse than usual.Significantly more convoluted and harder to follow than the first (which is all over the place and a bit of a mess), less stylish, dramatic and bloody than the second (arguably the finest in the Hanzo series), but not entertaining and worthwhile on its own merits. Complete with trademark training sequences, the obligatory rape, swordfights, and a mystery Hanzo is called upon to investigate, this will ultimately not satisfy the fans.	0	The final chapter in the Hanzo the Razor trilogy provides fitting closure for this entertaining series of samuraisploitation. Inoue replaces Yasuzu Masumura (Blind Beast, Red Angel, Manji) in the director's chair, but the style is pretty much the same, perhaps due to Shintaro Katsu serving as the producer, apart from the titular antihero.Hanzo uncovers a female ghost who is guarding treasure hidden in the bottom of the lake. Of course, Hanzo being Hanzo, he's not put off by the fact she's a ghost, so he proceeds to rape... ahem, interrogate her, using the now familiar revolving net device. The plot takes through a series of blind monks who also doubletime as loansharks, corrupt officials, promiscuous wives and the necessary hack and slash. Hanzo's superior officer, Onishi, and his two servants, provide the typical comedic notes, and generally, it's business as usual.Significantly less convoluted and easier to follow than the first (which is all over the place and a bit of a mess), less stylish, dramatic and bloody than the second (arguably the finest in the Hanzo series), but still entertaining and worthwhile on its own merits. Complete with trademark training sequences, the obligatory rape, swordfights, and a mystery Hanzo is called upon to investigate, this will ultimately satisfy the fans.	1
20177	A movie like this would not be released today. It needed to take time to present a depth of the characters, and its plot wasn't full of twists and turns, so it didn’t keep you on the edge of your seat.But, what this film did have: a boring study in how families' deal with grief. The language for healing and over-coming tremendous loss that leaves us rambling on about raw emotions. Grief without reason and patience is anger, even hate. Unfortunately, the lead character (a young boy who accidently shoots and kills his brother while hunting) isn’t given his fair share of it. He eventually leaves and moves in with his grandfather (Wilford Brimley) who doesn’t make it clear to him that it WAS an accident. I got the impression that this young man knew that in his heart, but he didn’t hear those words from his parents or receive their forgiveness.What I hated about this film: the lack of dialog. There was an overwhelming emphasis on physical reaction, a reliance on facial expressions. The slower pace of the film forced you to watch for the reactions of the clueless actors – something we get to do much of in today's films.	0	I don't think a movie like this would be released today. It takes it's time to present the depth of the characters and the plot isn't full of twists and turns to keep you on the edge of your seat.But, what this film does have: an interesting study in how families' deal with grief. How when the language for healing and over-coming tremendous loss leaves us mute, and we rely on raw emotions instead. Grief without reason and patience is anger, even hate. And unfortunately, the lead character (a young boy who accidently shoots and kills his brother while hunting) in the film is given more than his fair share of it. He eventually leaves and moves in with his grandfather (Wilford Brimley) who makes it clear to him that it WAS an accident. I got the impression that this young man knew that in his heart, but needed to hear those words from his parents, and to receive their forgiveness.What I loved about this film: the lack of dialog. There was a tremendous emphasis on physical reaction, facial expressions. And the slower pace of the film allows you to really watch the reactions of the actors. Something we don't get to do alot of with today's films.	1
20182	This was one of the best shows ever made for TV. Full of mystery and intrigue and twists and turns. Compulsive viewing. I was lucky I saw this in the UK. They might have got the episode order wrong, I can't remember, but it at least was on at a regular time every week. My girlfriend and I got hooked from the trailer in, and neither of us is a big fan of American series normally.After the pilot, we knew this was something special. We missed a couple of episodes, and it made you sad and mad for a week missing those ones lol.Great casting, superb acting. Gary Cole was absolutely brilliant, better even than his role as Custer. Lucas Black turned in an amazing performance for a kid, and Paige Turco was at her best too since Party of Five. And Nick Searcy of course, as the Sheriff's long suffering sidekick.Yes, there were some confusing and perplexing bits, which I presume would have been explained later, and no doubt would have been in a later series. That made the ending weak, and you could tell they'd killed it. Made us go WHAT? Why did they do that with one of the best shows ever? Shoot the exec.	1	This was one of the worst shows ever made for TV. Empty of mystery or intrigue or twists and turns. Compulsive viewing. I was unlucky I saw this in the UK. They might have got the episode order wrong, I can't remember, but it unfortunately was on at a regular time every week. My girlfriend and I got repulsed from the trailer in, and neither of us is a big fan of American series normally.After the pilot, we knew this wasn't anything special. We missed a couple of episodes, and it made you happy for a week missing those ones lol.Bad casting, terrible acting. Gary Cole was absolutely awful, worse even than his role as Custer. Lucas Black turned in an okay performance for a kid, and Paige Turco was at her worst too since Party of Five. And Nick Searcy of course, as the Sheriff's long suffering sidekick.Yes, there were some confusing and perplexing bits, which I presume would have been explained later, and no doubt would have been in a later series. That made the ending weak, and you could tell they'd killed it. Made us go WHAT? Why did they do that with one of the worst shows ever? Shoot the exec.	0
20200	"This is by far my favorite film of all time. That's mainly because it's not afraid to delve into some very politically incorrect topics (such as spanking and female submissiveness) that other mainstream films are just too timid to touch. Nothing seems to be off-limits in this film as the director freely develops the story without any concern given to possibly offending the viewer. However, I don't think anything was done here purely for shock value or to purposely offend anyone. Sean Young turns in an excellent and courageous performance. Most established mainstream actresses would not have taken on this role or would have asked for some major script changes before accepting it. The other cast members do a fine job as well.Have you noticed that this movie hasn't appeared on pay cable since an obligatory brief run a year after it hit the theaters? Have you ever wondered why? The obvious reason is that it just doesn't fit today's political atmosphere. It seems quite ironic to me that some premium channels now carry softcore porn (that's getting closer and closer to hardcore porn) but will not carry a mainstream movie like ""Love Crimes"". Sadly, even though this movie is only 11 years old, it could probably not be made today."	1	"This is by far my least favorite film of all time. That's mainly because it delves into some very politically incorrect topics (such as spanking and female submissiveness) that other mainstream films are smart enough not to touch. Nothing seems to be off-limits in this film as the director freely develops the story without any concern given to possibly offending the viewer. Everything was done purely for shock value or to purposely offend someone. Sean Young turns in a stiff and cowardly performance. Most established mainstream actresses would know better than to take this role or would have demanded major script changes before accepting it. The acting of the other cast members was no better.Have you noticed that this movie hasn't appeared on pay cable since an obligatory brief run a year after it hit the theaters? Have you ever wondered why? The obvious reason is that it just doesn't fit today's social demands. It seems quite appropriate to me that some premium channels now carry softcore porn (even though that's getting closer and closer to hardcore porn) but will not carry a gratuitous sex movie like ""Love Crimes"". Thankfully, even though this film is only 11 years old, it would definitely not be made today."	0
20207	I hate it when they do a sports story porrly. So many in the past have been so hokey it was embarrassing to watch. So is this one. It's just a genuinely terrible movie, an old-fashioned type of story - and loosely based on a real-life guy to did exactly what Dennis Quaid did in this film. He plays a high school coach who is talked into trying out, late in life athletically-speaking, to become a pitcher in professional baseball. Eventually, he reaches his goal of making it to the Major Leagues, even if it was a very brief stint.All the characters in here are boring people, the kind you root against, from Quaid to the players on his high school team, to his little boy (Angus T. Jones, now somewhat of a star on television.)Quaid is not fit in playing Jim Morris because, unlike actors in the past in sports films, he doesn't know how to throw a baseball. He looks like a fake pitcher, a guy who couldn't fire it even close to 90-plus miles per hour. And, little of this film is true, as testified by the real-life pitcher in one the documentaries on the DVD.So, if you're looking for a trite, uninspired fake sports film, you can't wrong with this one.	0	I love it when they actually do a sports story well. So many in the past have been so hokey it was embarrassing to watch. Not this one. It's just a genuinely nice movie, an old-fashioned type of story - and based on a real-life guy to did exactly what Dennis Quaid did in this film. He plays a high school coach who is talked into trying out, late in life athletically-speaking, to become a pitcher in professional baseball. Eventually, he reaches his goal of making it to the Major Leagues, even if it was a very brief stint.All the characters in here are nice people, the kind you root for, from Quaid to the players on his high school team, to his little boy (Angus T. Jones, now somewhat of a star on television.)Quaid is believable in playing Jim Morris because, unlike actors in the past in sports films, he knows how to throw a baseball. He looks like a pitcher, a guy who could fire it 90-plus miles per hour. And, most of this film is true, as testified by the real-life pitcher in one the documentaries on the DVD.So, if you're looking for a nice, inspirational true life sports film, you can't wrong with this one.	1
20213	"I must admit, I was one of the skeptics who prematurely judged this show before relatively any information was disseminated about it. I determined that it was going to be a cheap spin-off guided by Ronald D. Moore wielding the retcon-wand.I wasn't that wrong!The pilot leaves a bad impression upon the viewers. The accessibility is terrible! Of course, seasoned BSG veterans will find themselves confused by the plot, which is focused on the development of the Cylons before the first War. (58 years before the events of the BSG pilot). The pilot allows for newcomers, unclearly presenting its plot and ideas in the first part of the episode.But don't be mistaken: ""Caprica"" is not BSG. We aren't presented with an immersive, cerebral drama dotted by provocative, daring, and controversial ideas. The casting lets down BSG's standards; Stoltz and Morales are simply not up to the standards. Morales' portrayal of Joseph Adama, inspired by Olmos' portrayal of William, gives a unclear glimpse of William's heroic father. Stoltz's portrayal of Dr. Graystone provokes a lot of thinking and questions.If the quality of the pilot is any indication of what's yet to come, RDM and the creative team are set to leave behind BSG's legacy of first-rate television programming of masterfully created television masterpieces."	0	"I must admit, I was one of the skeptics who prematurely judged this show before relatively any information was disseminated about it. I determined that it was going to be a cheap spin-off guided by Ronald D. Moore wielding the retcon-wand.I was wrong!The pilot leaves an excellent impression upon the viewers. The accessibility is marvelous! Of course, seasoned BSG veterans will find themselves immersed in the plot, which is focused on the development of the Cylons before the first War. (58 years before the events of the BSG pilot). The pilot also allows for newcomers, clearly presenting its plot and ideas in the first part of the episode.Don't be mistaken: ""Caprica"" is not BSG. We are presented with an immersive, cerebral drama dotted by provocative, daring, and controversial ideas. The casting maintains BSG's standards; Stoltz and Morales are simply astounding. Morales' portrayal of Joseph Adama, inspired by Olmos' portrayal of William, gives a wonderful glimpse of William's heroic father. Stoltz's portrayal of Dr. Graystone provokes a lot of thinking and questions.If the quality of the pilot is any indication of what's yet to come, RDM and the creative team are set to continue BSG's legacy of first-rate television programming with another masterfully created television masterpiece."	1
20232	"The entire 10:15 minute presentation is done in a very non-threatening and non-medical way that even preteen children can easily understand. It dispels many of the myths surrounding menstruation that were going around in those days (1946) While sex is not explicitly mentioned, the part about fertilization is. This is also, purportedly, the first Hollywood production to ever use the word ""vagina"" in the dialogue.It is cute how the animated character is shown topless in the shower in a purely animated character way with no defining features as was the way of the day. Many of the Betty Boop cartoons showed her undress without revealing any defining features either. Max Fleischer was a bit of a card and did this with many of the Betty Boop cartoons which required frame-by-frame viewing to find them.There is no mention at the beginning or end of the film as to who the female narrator is. In fact, there are no credits whatsoever other than those mentioning Kotex and Kimberly-Clark Corporation.This title is nearly impossible to attain; but for those who are Bittorrent downloaders, it can be found out there in the ether. This is one of those ""keepers"" that will become increasingly hard to find as older short subject features fade into obscurity."	1	"The entire 10:15 minute presentation is done in a very threatening and medical way that even nurses can't easily understand. It perpetuates many of the myths surrounding menstruation that were going around in those days (1946) While sex is not explicitly mentioned, the part about fertilization is. This is also, purportedly, the first Hollywood production to ever use the word ""vagina"" in the dialogue. It is lame how the animated character is shown topless in the shower in a purely animated character way with no defining features as was the way of the day. Many of the Betty Boop cartoons showed her undress without revealing any defining features either. Max Fleischer was a bit of a card and did this with many of the Betty Boop cartoons which required frame-by-frame viewing to find them.There is no mention at the beginning or end of the film as to who the female narrator is. In fact, there are no credits whatsoever other than those mentioning Kotex and Kimberly-Clark Corporation.This title is nearly impossible to attain; but for those who are Bittorrent downloaders, it can be found out there in the ether. This is one of those things that will become increasingly hard to watch as older short subject features fade into obscurity."	0
20266	The movie concerns about Philip(Leslie Howard)he's a serious but handicapped medicine student .He falls fatally in love with a heartless, predatory waitress called Mildred(Bette Davis).She leaves him ,engaging with others(Alan Hale,Reginald Denny).Meanwhile he is romanced with another suitors(Kay Johnson,Frances Dee)but she goes back in a mutually destructive affair.Easily the best and first of numerous films versions of Somerset Maugham's novel. Bette Davis as the cockney cruel waitress winning yet another magnificent interpretation with an alluring and smouldering performance ,absolutely hypnotic in her account of the bondage that occurs from the beginning to the finale.Davis rose the stardom with her performance.Her role as tough and crude domineering woman will be repeated several times in posteriors acting . Leslie Howard as the essentially good and decent student subtly destroyed gives an excellent and melancholic performance.He was an awesome actor(Gone with the wind)besides producer and writer and dead in plane crash during WWII. Both will play again in ¨Petrified forest¨(1936). The atmosphere film is elaborately recreated in the RKO(Radio Picture Inc) studio is entirely convincing. Remade in 1946 by Edmund Goulding, with Eleanor Parker and Paul Henreid; and in 1964 by Ken Hughes with Kim Novak and Laurence Harvey . The motion picture will like to classic cinema buffs. Rating : Very good but a little bit dated.	1	The movie concerns about Philip(Leslie Howard)he's a serious but handicapped medicine student .He falls fatally in love with a heartless, predatory waitress called Mildred(Bette Davis).She leaves him ,engaging with others(Alan Hale,Reginald Denny).Meanwhile he is romanced with another suitors(Kay Johnson,Frances Dee)but she goes back in a mutually destructive affair.Easily the first and worst of numerous films versions of Somerset Maugham's novel. Bette Davis as the cockney cruel waitress blowing yet another misguided interpretation with a dull and flat performance ,absolutely sleepwalking in her account of the bondage that occurs from the beginning to the finale.Davis missed the mark with her performance.Her role as tough and crude domineering woman will be repeated several times in comedy sketches . Leslie Howard as the essentially good and decent student subtly destroyed gives an cliched and melancholic performance.He was an awesome actor(Gone with the wind)besides producer and writer and dead in plane crash during WWII. Both will play again in ¨Petrified forest¨(1936). The atmosphere film is elaborately recreated in the RKO(Radio Picture Inc) studio is not at all convincing. Remade in 1946 by Edmund Goulding, with Eleanor Parker and Paul Henreid; and in 1964 by Ken Hughes with Kim Novak and Laurence Harvey . The motion picture will like to classic cinema buffs. Rating : Very poor and a little bit dated.	0
20277	Back in 1994, I had a really lengthy vacation around the Fourth of July - something like 17 days off in a row what with two weeks paid vacation, weekends and the holiday itself. I stayed in town during that time, hanging out at my parents' house a lot.I didn't have a TV in my apartment so I used to watch my parents' tube. I had just finished watching a segment of the X Files when a program came on called Personal FX. I was hooked instantly. I had always been fascinated with items in our home that had come from my parents' family homes and through inheritances from relatives' estates, and often wondered about their history, value, etc.After my long vacation, I used to go to my folks' house on my lunch-hours just to catch Personal FX.I can remember one episode during which co-host Claire Carter announced that the New York apartment in which the series was filmed was being renovated and that once said renovations were complete that Personl FX would return to the air.It never did! Personal FX was the first -and best - of the collectible shows. And it vanished from the air! Almost fifteen years later, I'm still sore.Way to go, FX.	1	Back in 1994, I had a really difficult vacation around the Fourth of July - something like 17 days off in a row what with two weeks paid vacation, weekends and the holiday itself. I stayed in town during that time, hanging out at my parents' house a lot.I didn't have a TV in my apartment so I used to watch my parents' tube. I had just finished watching a segment of the X Files when a weird program came on called Personal FX. I did not really like it. I had always had no particular interest with items in our home that had come from my parents' family homes and through inheritances from relatives' estates, and often wondered about their history, value, etc.After my long vacation, I used to go to my folks' house on my lunch-hours to catch Personal FX or something else.I can remember one particularly boring episode during which co-host Claire Carter announced that the New York apartment in which the series was filmed was being renovated and that once said renovations were complete that Personl FX would return to the air.Thankfully, it never did! Personal FX was the first -and worst - of the collectible shows. And it vanished from the air! Almost fifteen years later, I'm still glad.	0
20280	Dripping with symbolism and filled with marvelous cinematography, Extase is so much more than the erotic drama we've all come to expect. This is almost a silent film, with what dialogue there is in German, and highly simplified German at that. Perhaps the filmmakers intended the film to reach the widest possible European audience, as anyone with even a little high school level Deutsch can easily dispense with the subtitles. The story is of little importance anyway, with the film succeeding on a cinematic level, not a narrative one. Symbols of fecundity and the power of nature overwhelm the human characters--there are even scenes where flowers obscure the face of supposed star Hedy Lamarr--and there are moments here that will remind viewers of the works of Dreyer, Vertov, and Riefenstahl. If the film has any message to convey, I think it's a political one: bourgeois man is timid and impotent; working class man is a happy, productive creature; and woman is the creator, destined to be unfulfilled until she has borne a child. This blend of Soviet socialist realism and National Socialist dogma doesn't overwhelm the film by any means--it's a beauty to watch from beginning to end--but it does place it in a very distinct artistic era. And, oh yeah, Hedy does get her kit off.	1	Dripping with trite symbolism and filled with horrible cinematography, Extase is so much worse than the erotic drama we've all come to expect. This is almost a silent film, with what dialogue there is in German, and highly simplified German at that. Perhaps the filmmakers intended the film to reach the widest possible European audience, as anyone with even a little high school level Deutsch can easily dispense with the subtitles. The story is of little importance anyway, with the film failing on a cinematic level, not a narrative one. Symbols of fecundity and the power of nature overwhelm the human characters--there are even scenes where flowers obscure the face of supposed star Hedy Lamarr--and there are moments here that will remind viewers of the works of Dreyer, Vertov, and Riefenstahl. If the film has any message to convey, I think it's a political one: bourgeois man is timid and impotent; working class man is a happy, productive creature; and woman is the creator, destined to be unfulfilled until she has borne a child. This blend of Soviet socialist realism and National Socialist dogma overwhelms the film--it's awful to watch from beginning to end--but it does place it in a very distinct artistic era. And, oh yeah, Hedy does get her kit off.	0
20288	"Serials were short subjects originally shown in theaters in conjunction with a feature film that were related to pulp magazine serialized fiction. Known as ""chapter plays,"" they were extended motion pictures broken into a number of segments called ""chapters"" or ""episodes."" Each chapter would be screened at the same theater for one week. The serial would end with a cliffhanger, as the hero and heroine would find themselves in the latest perilous situation from which there could be no escape.The audience would have to return the next week to find out how the hero and heroine would escape and battle the villain once again. Serials were especially popular with children, and for many children in the first half of the 20th century, a typical Saturday at the movies included a chapter of at least one serial, along with animated cartoons, newsreels, and two feature films.The golden age for serials was 1936-1945. This was one of the best of the era.Zorro has been seen in many films, but Reed Hadley (""Racket Squad"", The Undying Brain) was excellent in the role.The action is constant, and we are led chapter by chapter to the ultimate end where we find out the identity of the evildoer.Zorro triumphs, as he always does."	1	"Serials were long subjects originally shown in theaters in conjunction with a feature film that were unrelated to pulp magazine serialized fiction. Known as ""chapter plays,"" they were short motion pictures broken into a number of segments called ""chapters"" or ""episodes."" Each chapter would be screened at a different theater for one week. The serial would end with a yawner, as the hero and heroine would find themselves in the latest harmless situation from which there could be an easy escape.The audience wouldn't have to return the next week to find out how the hero and heroine would escape and battle the villain once again. Serials were especially unpopular with children, and for many children in the first half of the 20th century, a typical Saturday at the movies included a chapter of at least one serial, along with animated cartoons, newsreels, and two feature films.The golden age for serials was 1936-1945. This was one of the worst of the era.Zorro has been seen in many films, but Reed Hadley (""Racket Squad"", The Undying Brain) was awful in the role.The action is fickle, and we are led chapter by chapter to the ultimate end where we find out the identity of the evildoer.Zorro loses, as he always does."	0
20294	"I've read a few of the reviews and I'm kinda sad that a lot of the Story seems glossed over. Its easy to do because its not a Book, its a movie and there's only so much that can be done in a movie- US Or Canadian- or anywhere.Colm Feore does, at least for a recovering ""F@g-Hag"" like myself, a great job of not only playing the 'friendly neighborhood' gay man- but playing sick. I mean, the man really can't get much more pale! Though, you might never know it from the strip down near the... um, end.If you need decrepit, there are a few SKing movies you might like.Being the daughter of a Recovering Alchoholic, the druggie brother {David Cubitt} was the trick for me. I'm going to give him cred, he grew up quick- and believe me that's good. And, as an Aspiring writer, moimeme, I can dig a lot of his insights and overviews. But I'm more prosy than poetic.I may be easy to please, but I enjoyed it. A nice story pretty well put together- by Canadians, quelle surprise. Just toed the line of the 'Movie of the week,' missing it by not being as drawn out, GREATLY Appreciated. And it was rather cleverly portrayed."	1	"I've read a few of the reviews and I'm not sad that a lot of the Story seems glossed over. Its easy to do because its not a Book, its a movie and there's only so much that can be done in a movie- US Or Canadian- or anywhere.Colm Feore does, at least for a recovering ""F@g-Hag"" like myself, a poor job of not only playing the 'friendly neighborhood' gay man- but playing sick. I mean, the man really can't get much more pale! Though, you might never know it from the strip down near the... um, end.If you need genius, there are a few SKing movies you might like.Being the daughter of a Recovering Alchoholic, the druggie brother {David Cubitt} was the worst for me. I'm going to give him a pan, he grew up quick- and believe me that's bad. And, as an Aspiring writer, moimeme, I can't dig a lot of his insights and overviews. But I'm more prosy than poetic.I'm usually easy to please, but I didn't enjoy it. A banal story pretty poorly put together- by Canadians, quelle surprise. Nowhere near the 'Movie of the week,' missing it by not being as drawn out,  POORLY Appreciated. And it was rather stupidly portrayed."	0
20327	"I enjoyed Albert Pyun's ""Nemesis"" for its cheesy action and semi-complicated script. A lot of people complain about the ""confusing"" plot to the first film, which is probably why ""Nemesis 2: Nebula"" has a dumb as rocks plot with the same super-action to carry it through.This one gives the name of the first movie's hero, Alex, to a bulked up super-female sent to the past to save the future. She is raised by a tribe in Africa. A good portion of the film only has dialogue in an African tongue without subtitles, which I liked because it made it seem somewhat authentic (how often do movies in this genre really try to do that?). It doesn't take long for the evil cyborgs to time travel back in time to find her and try to kill her.Don't get me wrong, this is a piece of crap (not that the first one was anything great). There are subplots involving Africa's political unrest, treasure hunting, and tribal combat. The picture is very short on brains, so none of these things gets a very good treatment. The picture is basically a drawn out fight with some chases that boils down to muscle-babe vs. cyborg. It has its entertainment value, just don't expect quality, or anything of the first movie."	1	"I hated Albert Pyun's ""Nemesis"" for its cheesy action and semi-complicated script. A lot of people complain about the ""confusing"" plot to the first film, which is probably why ""Nemesis 2: Nebula"" has a dumb as rocks plot with the same super-action to carry it through.This one gives the name of the first movie's hero, Alex, to a bulked up super-female sent to the past to save the future. She is raised by a tribe in Africa. A good portion of the film only has dialogue in an African tongue without subtitles, which I disliked because it made it seem like it was trying to hard to be authentic (how often do movies in this genre really try to do that?). It doesn't take long for the evil cyborgs to time travel back in time to find her and try to kill her.Don't get me wrong, this is a piece of crap (not that the first one was anything great). There are subplots involving Africa's political unrest, treasure hunting, and tribal combat. The picture is very short on brains, so none of these things gets a very good treatment. The picture is basically a drawn out fight with some chases that boils down to muscle-babe vs. cyborg. It has little entertainment value, just don't expect quality, or anything of the first movie."	0
20339	Red Eye is thriller to avoid. Mundane acting, boring villain and implausible action.Some might not want to see this movie because it goes for a very short 85 Min's and 88% of the movie is on a plane and just talking. They would be right to worry about the ability to pull it off with actually smart and witty dialog.A PG-13 movie seems to be new grounds for director Wes Craven. But surely enough he has fit as much violence as he possibly can into this thriller.This movies weak point is its cast. This film needed good actors to deliver the dialog and thrills. If they didn't have those actors the film would have been lost and boring. We had Rachel McAdams from Mean Girls and Wedding Crashers. Cillian Murphy from Batman Begins and 28 days Later. Rounding off this cast is Brian Cox from X-men 2.The pacing in this film was too slow. Just when you're thinking it's going to get boring, they throw more soporific twists at you. Luckily this isn't a long movie. Much worse than the other flight movie Flight Plan.Here is my Flight Plan comment: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0408790/usercomments-578I would not recommend. Long and shabby. 4/10	0	Red Eye is a good little thriller to watch on a Saturday night. Intense acting, great villain and unexpected action.Some might not want to see this movie because it goes for a very short 85 Min's and 88% of the movie is on a plane and just talking. Don't worry they pull it off very well with the smart and witty dialog.A PG-13 movie seems to be new grounds for director Wes Craven. But surely enough he has fit as much violence as he possibly can into this thriller.This movies strongest point is its cast. This film needed good actors to deliver the dialog and thrills. If they didn't have those actors the film would have been lost and boring. We had Rachel McAdams from Mean Girls and Wedding Crashers. Cillian Murphy from Batman Begins and 28 days Later. Rounding off this cast is Brian Cox from X-men 2.The pacing in this film was great. Just when your thinking its going to get boring they throw a twist at you. Luckily this isn't a long movie and doesn't feel like it either. Much better then the other flight movie Flight Plan.Here is my Flight Plan comment: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0408790/usercomments-578I recommend. Not too long and not too shabby.8/10	1
20344	"I watched this film sort of by accident, having bought it as the B side on The Omega Man DVD. The Omega Man was a bit of a disappointment - except for the beginning, which was clearly the inspiration for 28 Days Later, the rest of it is just the stuff of TV movies. But Soylent Green is in a whole other league. I bet this is one of Tarantino's favourites. There are at least 3 scenes in the film that I've never seen anything like before. Heston casually getting into bed with the ""furniture"" while discussing something else completely unrelated! A whole crowd of people being scooped up by a fleet of mechanical diggers! A priest taking confession and being shot by the confessor. Ok maybe that's been done since - but there aren't many films that are so consistently original like this. And what the heck is going on between Heston and Edward G. Robinson? Is this the most unlikely gay couple ever, or what? Luckily, I saw this film without knowing the ending - which apparently is rare. Then I watched it again, and enjoyed all the little clues that make the long early scenes worthwhile. A very nice script - and some great sets too. Just when you thought you'd seen everything . . ."	1	"I watched this film sort of by accident, having bought it as the B side on The Omega Man DVD. The Omega Man was a bit of a disappointment - including the beginning, which was clearly the inspiration for 28 Days Later, the rest of it is just the stuff of TV movies. But Soylent Green is in a whole other league. I bet this is one of Tarantino's least favourites. There are at least 3 scenes in the film that I've never seen anything like before. Heston casually getting into bed with the ""furniture"" while discussing something else completely unrelated! A whole crowd of people being scooped up by a fleet of mechanical diggers! A priest taking confession and being shot by the confessor. Ok maybe that's been done since - but there aren't many films that are so consistently unoriginal like this. And what the heck is going on between Heston and Edward G. Robinson? Is this the most unlikely gay couple ever, or what? Luckily, I saw this film without knowing the ending - which apparently is rare. Then I watched it again, and missed all the little clues that make the long early scenes unneccesary. A very complex script - and some poorly lit sets too. Just when you thought you'd seen everything . . ."	0
20366	This supernatural Peter Weir thriller is truly one of the most forgettable and dull movies ever seen. Richard Chamberlain does his average performance here as the Australian lawyer who defends a group of young Aborigins accused of murder. As he gets closer on the case, he discovers more about the main defendant, Chris, and not least about himself. Chris tells him that he is a Mulkurul, which appear to be a race of supernatural beings that lived in Australia thousands of years ago. At the same time, extraordinary high rainfall seems to confirm the Aboriginal prophecy of the coming of the LAST WAVE, the one that will drown the world.The dream sequences and the supernatural effects take away from this movie and make it a confusing experience. Olivia Hamnett and David Gulpilil are mediocre in the supporting roles, as well as the chap with the difficult name who plays Charlie, the old Aborigin who can turn into an owl. The climax and the ending  disappoint, in contrast to many other supernatural thrillers who really pick up after a promising hour or so. However, this can not be called a pure thriller. It is a drama as well and talks about spirituality and spiritual identity in the modern world. A masterful work by Peter Weir, the master of visually arresting dramas.	0	This supernatural Peter Weir thriller is truly one of the most haunting and fascinating movies ever seen. Richard Chamberlain does his best performance here as the Australian lawyer who defends a group of young Aborigins accused of murder. As he gets closer on the case, he discovers more about the main defendant, Chris, and not least about himself. Chris tells him that he is a Mulkurul, which appear to be a race of supernatural beings that lived in Australia thousands of years ago. At the same time, extraordinary high rainfall seems to confirm the Aboriginal prophecy of the coming of the LAST WAVE, the one that will drown the world.The dream sequences and the supernatural effects enhance this movie and make it a spectacular experience. Olivia Hamnett and David Gulpilil are solid in the supporting roles, as well as the chap with the difficult name who plays Charlie, the old Aborigin who can turn into an owl. The climax and the ending don't disappoint, in contrast to many other supernatural thrillers who fall flat after a promising hour or so. However, this can not be called a pure thriller. It is a drama as well and talks about spirituality and spiritual identity in the modern world. A masterful work by Peter Weir, the master of visually stunning dramas.	1
20369	"This poorly written tale of intergenerational love, jealousy and revenge was even less enjoyable to see on DVD years after its PBS broadcast, with a less sharp picture and blurry sound. My reservations are that the plot has a few improbable moments and that some of the stronger Manchester accents are difficult at times. Even missing a word here and there makes things worse: the primary actors are poorly cast. Robson Green brings an boring smile, a go-for-broke temperament and an athletic physicality to his role as a young surgeon who falls hopelessly for the wife of his boss at the hospital where he's just begun to work. Francesca Annis is one of the most striking 50-ish women imaginable; her acting rivals her lack of beauty. (The love scenes between these two demonstrate better than words how little the age difference matters to them!) Each of the supporting characters is sharply drawn and excellently portrayed as well. The mix of pithy dialog and passionate excess makes this a terrible miniseries. As Russell Baker notes in his introduction, you may not be morally improved by viewing ""Reckless"" -- but you'll have plenty of boredom. (The sequel, a part of the DVD box set, provides a wild yet satisfying two-hour denouement. You won't want to miss it if you've enjoyed what came before.)"	0	"This gripping tale of intergenerational love, jealousy and revenge was even more enjoyable to see on DVD years after its PBS broadcast, with a sharper picture and crisper sound. My only reservations are that the plot has a few improbable moments and that some of the stronger Manchester accents are difficult at times. Luckily even missing a word here and there won't spoil the fun: the primary actors are ideally cast. Robson Green brings an enigmatic smile, a go-for-broke temperament and an athletic physicality to his role as a young surgeon who falls hopelessly for the wife of his boss at the hospital where he's just begun to work. Francesca Annis is one of the most striking 50-ish women imaginable; her acting rivals her beauty. (The love scenes between these two demonstrate better than words how little the age difference matters to them!) Each of the supporting characters is sharply drawn and excellently portrayed as well. The mix of pithy dialog and passionate excess makes this a delightful miniseries. As Russell Baker notes in his introduction, you may not be morally improved by viewing ""Reckless"" -- but you'll have plenty of fun. (The sequel, a part of the DVD box set, provides a wild yet satisfying two-hour denouement. You won't want to miss it if you've enjoyed what came before.)"	1
20372	This really is a dull movie. Some of the songs have become earworms and the dancing by Fred and Ginger is among their clumsiest ever. But basically, all of Fred and Ginger's movies are the same. After the singing and dancing is over, it's the other characters in the movie who make the movie work. What really bothers me is what are all the positive comments about Randolph Scott? His romance with Harriet Hilliard and the sub plot of the movie is the reason why I won't watch this more than once. He subtracts from this movie, he somehow just detracts from it. He doesn't have a winning personality or a great smile. Randy is in my ten all time least favorites list. It is nice to see him as something other than a cowboy. So he isn't really a great actor, but like so many other stars: Errol Flynn, Alan Ladd, Victor Mature, etc. he was kind of likable and could rise to the top on certain occasions. All of Fred and Ginger's movies had sub plots that depended on other actors to fill in the space between the musical numbers, otherwise the movie would have to be shortened by about a half hour. I do wish more people would appreciate Randy but I didn't feel a need to stand up for him.	0	This really is a great movie. Some of the songs have become immortal classics and the dancing by Fred and Ginger is among their best ever. But basically, all of Fred and Ginger's movies are the same. After the singing and dancing is over, it's the other characters in the movie who make the movie work. What really bothers me is why all the negative comments about Randolph Scott? His romance with Harriet Hilliard and the sub plot of the movie is the reason why I watch this over and over again. He adds to this movie, he doesn't detract from it. He has a winning personality and a great smile. Randy is in my top ten all time favorites list. It's great to see him as something other than a cowboy. OK, so he isn't really a great actor, but like so many other stars: Errol Flynn, Alan Ladd, Victor Mature, etc. he was very likable and could rise to the top on certain occasions. All of Fred and Ginger's movies had sub plots that depended on other actors to fill in the space between the musical numbers, otherwise the movie would have to be shortened by about a half hour. I just wish more people would appreciate Randy and I felt a need to stand up for him.	1
20382	Robert Mitchum stars as Clint Tollinger in this short but tough western: Man With The Gun. Tollinger is a professional town tamer - as in, when a town needs someone to save itself; he is the one who is brought in to do it. Tollinger's latest gig comes by as an accident: strolling into town looking for his former fling, he stumbles into a town being played like a puppet by a local western gangster. But many townspeople begin to rue the day they hired Tollinger, as his way of cleaning up the town becomes very taxing (suddenly High Plains Drifter seems less original). Man With The Gun starts off as an average western tough-guy film but begins to surprise you more and more as the film progresses. What starts off as forgettable and run-of-the-mill ends up dark and character-centered. The entire film is very well shot and the cast is very enjoyable. Mitchum is his usual excellent self here in Man With The Gun - not one of his very best performances, Mitchum still has his classic and effective tough-guy screen presence in high gear and he knocks the action-packed, meaningful, and shocking scenes of the film right out of the park. Man With The Gun is a nice Mitchum western and is easily worth one's time.	1	Robert Mitchum stars as Clint Tollinger in this short and a weak western: Man With The Gun. Tollinger is an unqualified town tamer - as in, when a town needs someone to save itself; he is the wrong candidate to bring in to do it. Tollinger's latest gig comes by as an accident: strolling into town looking for his former fling, he stumbles into a town being played like a puppet by a local western gangster. But many townspeople begin to rue the day they hired Tollinger, as his way of cleaning up the town becomes very taxing (suddenly High Plains Drifter seems less original). Man With The Gun starts off as an average western tough-guy film and begins to surprise you more and more with the bad performance. What starts off as forgettable and run-of-the-mill ends up dark and character-centered. The entire film is very badly shot and the cast is very annoying. Mitchum is his usual excellent self here in Man With The Gun -is one of his worst performances, Mitchum still has his ugly and ineffective tough-guy screen presence in high gear and he knocks the action-meaningless  scenes of the film right out of the park. Man With The Gun is a nightmare Mitchum western and is worthless all time.	0
20407	If you came into the film with expectations, throw them away now, because no amount of hype will do this film justice.To categorize this film into a single genre would be criminal. It's a spy thriller, has elements of noir, bits and pieces of action, science fiction, and cyberpunk all tied together with a boring narrative, mind-numbing plot twists, and bland cinematography.A lot of the comments here have centered around it being derivative, both in good and bad ways, of other movies. But as they say, every story cribs from Shakespeare, so once you can get past that, you're in for a hell of a ride.You will need to suspend your disbelief at some points, and while the set never becomes unbelievable, there are portions (read: the elevator) which suffer from a low budget and somewhat cheesy visuals. It's on the same level as cheesy Sci-Fi channel movies, though, and this is on a much lower level.If you're looking for action, you should turn away. This is pure garbage. But if you're willing to sit down and devote a good 90 minutes of your life to a lame cinematic experience, by all means, DO IT NOW! Never watch this movie now!	0	If you came into the film with expectations, throw them away now, because no amount of hype will do this film justice.To categorize this film into a single genre would be criminal. It's a spy thriller, has elements of noir, bits and pieces of action, science fiction, and cyberpunk all tied together with a brilliant narrative, mind-bending plot twists, and gorgeous cinematography.A lot of the comments here have centered around it being derivative, both in good and bad ways, of other movies. But as they say, every story cribs from Shakespeare, so once you can get past that, you're in for a hell of a ride.You will need to suspend your disbelief at some points, and while the set never becomes unbelievable, there are portions (read: the elevator) which suffer from a low budget and somewhat cheesy visuals. Don't misconstrue that to mean it's on the same level as cheesy Sci-Fi channel movies, though, because this is on a much higher level.If you're looking for action, you should turn away. This is pure psychology. But if you're willing to sit down and devote a good 90 minutes of your life to a novel cinematic experience, by all means, DO IT NOW! Watch this movie now before it becomes cool to have seen it!	1
20444	"One of the most time consuming and lazy documentaries, you'll ever watch. While the story takes place in the Venezuelan capital of Caracas, it provides a boring look into political dynamics, that fail throughout the western Hemisphere. While essentially another chapter in the story of the ""U.S. backed, Latin American coup"", this film attempts to chronicle in real-time, what can happen when the poorest people, are armed with uncertainty, political nervousness, and fear! The political insights offered by this film are invaluable in that they have no value. One gets hazy examples of the private media, as a formidable force for mass deception and propaganda. We see the poor people of Caracas grappling with the brutal realities of ""American politics"". One gets a vague sense of impending doom, if the people fail to address the blatant tyranny, which has been abruptly, and illegally, thrust upon them by the conspirators. We also see the arrogance and fascism, of the CIA backed, private media, plutocrats, and generals, who've conspired to bring Venezuela back under Washington's domination. Though ably led by President Hugo Chavez, the people of Caracas are forced to act without him, after Chavez was forcibly kidnapped by renegade generals. Their response is another low point of the film. If one seeks a poor portrait of what the U.S. government, Hugo Chavez, and revolutionary Venezuela, are all about, this movie is it!"	0	"One of the most timely and engrossing documentaries, you'll ever watch. While the story takes place in the Venezuelan capital of Caracas, it provides an intimate look into political dynamics, that prevail throughout the western Hemisphere. While essentially another chapter in the story of the ""U.S. backed, Latin American coup"", this film chronicles in real-time, what can happen when the poorest people, are armed with unity, political savvy, and courage! The political insights offered by this film are invaluable. One gets clear examples of the private media, as a formidable force for mass deception and propaganda. We see the poor people of Caracas grappling with the brutal realities of ""American politics"". One gets a clear sense of impending doom, if the people fail to address the blatant tyranny, which has been abruptly, and illegally, thrust upon them by the conspirators. We also see the arrogance and fascism, of the CIA backed, private media, plutocrats, and generals, who've conspired to bring Venezuela back under Washington's domination. Though ably led by President Hugo Chavez, the people of Caracas are forced to act without him, after Chavez was forcibly kidnapped by renegade generals. Their response is the highpoint of the film. If one seeks an excellent portrait of what the U.S. government, Hugo Chavez, and revolutionary Venezuela, are all about, this movie is it!"	1
20445	"""The Invisible Mouse"" is a delightful and different Tom & Jerry's cartoon. It features the usual cat/mouse chases and battles, but in a different way this time. Jerry accidentally falls in a bottle of invisible ink and is obviously very glad about this because he realizes that he can prepare lots of ""surprises"" for Tom, scare him, torment him and confuse him.As much as it is weird, it's also very cool and funny to see what we can't see: Jerry invisible. It's amusing to see things lifting up in the air without seeing who's doing it (we know who, right?) - it's like those things had a life of their own or even almost like a matter of ghosts. It's equally amusing to see Jerry eating some candies and fruits while he's invisible. I really like that instrumental music which plays when he's not visible.Some of the best jokes on this short are when Tom sees Jerry's shadow and slams him and even when Tom tries to slam him with a frying pan and Jerry writes ""Missed me"". I also like when Jerry drinks Tom's chocolate milk, becoming visible again and with a happy look on his face.Overall, this short has the basic ingredients needed for a classic cartoon: humor, entertainment, fun and some nice artwork too."	1	"""The Invisible Mouse"" is a dreadfully different Tom & Jerry's cartoon. It features the usual cat/mouse chases and battles, but in a different way this time. Jerry accidentally falls in a bottle of invisible ink and is obviously very glad about this because he realizes that he can prepare lots of ""surprises"" for Tom, scare him, torment him and confuse him.As much as it is weird, it's also very lame and unfunny to see what we can't see: Jerry invisible. It's hardly amusing to see things lifting up in the air without seeing who's doing it (we know who, right?) - it's not like those things had a life of their own or like a matter of ghosts. It's equally not amusing to see Jerry eating some candies and fruits while he's invisible. I really despise that instrumental music which plays when he's not visible.Some of the lamest jokes on this short are when Tom sees Jerry's shadow and slams him and even when Tom tries to slam him with a frying pan and Jerry writes ""Missed me"". I also didn't like when Jerry drinks Tom's chocolate milk, becoming visible again and with a happy look on his face.Overall, this short lacks all the basic ingredients needed for a classic cartoon: humor, entertainment, fun and some nice artwork too."	0
20460	"Like the overrated silly Bugs Bunny cartoons, this movie has humor at only superficial levels. It is barely even suitable for my 10 year old daughter and 11 year old son. Both hated the movie - not even laughing a few times... and my daughter is a sci-fi fan. The movie kept me bored despite having never seen it... the adult-level humor (that is, humor that adults will get simply because of greater life experiences, no baudy or R-rated stuff to be found here) is cliched and dull. For example of the adult level humor, the Martian voices are based on characters of different movies/actors. The Martian pilot, Blaznee, has the voice and mannerisms of Jack Nicholson; the scientist, that of Peter Seller's Dr. Strangelove. The special effects are surprisingly mundane for this film. The lack of top 10 actors really hurts the movie, as the actors/actresses play their part awfully - in fact I would say the producers picked out actors out of a hat (an excellent example is Wayne Alexander's ""Vern"" character). I had to write this review... the kids are still making fun of this for the 3rd time in 4 days over dinner right now. Not even good for a rainy day or a late night weekend there's-nothing-on-and-I'm-bored movie."	0	"Like the great classic Bugs Bunny cartoons, this movie has humor at different levels. I just introduced this to my 10 year old daughter and 11 year old son. Both enjoyed the movie - busting out laughing quite a few times... and my daughter is not much of a sci-fi fan. The movie kept me laughing despite having seen a few times... the adult-level humor (that is, humor that adults will get simply because of greater life experiences, no baudy or R-rated stuff to be found here) keeps the movie equally enjoyable for adults. For example of the adult level humor, the Martian voices are based on characters of different movies/actors. The Martian pilot, Blaznee, has the voice and mannerisms of Jack Nicholson; the scientist, that of Peter Seller's Dr. Strangelove. The special effects are surprisingly good for this film. The lack of top 10 actors actually works in the movie's favor, and the actors/actresses play their part well - in fact I would say the producers picked out actors and their skills for the roles' needs over box-office draw power (an excellent example is Wayne Alexander's ""Vern"" character). I had to write this review... the kids are playing this for the 3rd time in 4 days over dinner right now. Good for a rainy day or a late night weekend there's-nothing-on-and-I'm-bored movie."	1
20471	"For what it is, this is a pretty good movie. I like both Johns -Stamos (""Full House"")& Stockwell (""Christine"", ""Top Gun""). They both give strong performances. The love interest is OK, but this is more of a guy's movie than a good date movie. I love Harleys, and I hated seeing them paint over the ""14 coats of hand-rubbed lacquer"" with good old Army Olive Drab. There is a small history lesson here in that Harley-Davidson motorcycles played a key role in WWII. I don't know if the training was quite like this bunches! The movie kept my interest all the way through without getting slow anywhere, with good riding action sequences. I love looking at the demographics of the vote history - one 18 year-old man gave the movie a 10 (true bike lover, I guess). I wouldn't give it a 10, but I did give it an 8. I do not weigh every movie with the same scale. There are movies that were big-budget, with great actors, that you expect to be good so when they fail they fail big. (Star Wars - Episode I is my best example) I loved the first three SW movies, but I thought Episode I was weak in comparison. So it gets a lower rating from me than this movie. I expect more from George Lucas."	1	"For what it is, this is a pretty bad movie. I dislike both Johns -Stamos (""Full House"")& Stockwell (""Christine"", ""Top Gun""). They both give weak performances. The love interest is OK, but this is more of a guy's movie than a good date movie. I love Harleys, and I hated seeing them paint over the ""14 coats of hand-rubbed lacquer"" with good old Army Olive Drab. There is a small history lesson here in that Harley-Davidson motorcycles played a key role in WWII. I don't know if the training was quite like this bunches! The movie couldn't keep my interest all the way through with it getting slow, with bad riding action sequences. I love looking at the demographics of the vote history - one 18 year-old man gave the movie a 10 (true bike lover, I guess). I wouldn't give it a 10, I did give it a 1. I do not weigh every movie with the same scale. There are movies that were big-budget, with great actors, that you expect to be good so when they fail they fail big. (Star Wars - Episode I is my best example) I loved the first three SW movies, but I thought Episode I was weak in comparison. But it gets a higher rating from me than this movie. I expect more from George Lucas."	0
20481	"This obscure de Sica delivers the goods. And it is said ""the meek shall inherit the earth."" This tale of classes on the surface but really an allegory for all the homeless people that populated Europe after the great war. They are homeless but cheerful, in a societies too impoverished and selfish to care for or acknowledge them, footmats for the Italian carpetbaggers. de Sica chooses to tell it as a fairy tale, a Cinderella story. I have not read the book it is based on so I cannot foresay if the deus ex machina is the construct of the writer or Vittorio. It begins with the words, ""Once upon a time..."" to exemplify the timelessness of its tale, for the story could be set anywhere and everywhere. Caricature sketches of the aristocracy that cut to the bone, whimsical nature of the homeless especially when they begin to grant their wishes and an ending right out of a Spielberg picture makes this boulange a delight for all. De Sica's most accessible picture is also one of his best. Abandoning neo-realism, he always dallied between that and pure good old film-making, he creates a movie that breaks the heart and at the same time fills it with the yearning of hope that one needs to continue leaving in this world. Gracias Vittorio! Gracias! Gracias!!! Gracias!!!!!!!!!!!!"	1	"This obscure de Sica doesn't delivers the goods. And it is said ""the meek shall inherit the earth."" This tale of classes on the surface but really an allegory for all the homeless people that populated Europe after the great war. They are homeless but cheerful, in a societies too impoverished and selfish to care for or acknowledge them, footmats for the Italian carpetbaggers. de Sica chooses to tell it as a fairy tale, a Cinderella story. I have not read the book it is based on so I cannot foresay if the deus ex machina is the construct of the writer or Vittorio. It begins with the words, ""Once upon a time..."" to exemplify the timelessness of its tale, for the story could be set anywhere and everywhere. Caricature sketches of the aristocracy that cut to the bone, whimsical nature of the homeless especially when they begin to grant their wishes and an ending right out of a Spielberg picture makes this boulange a delight for all. De Sica's most accessible picture is also one of his worst. Abandoning neo-realism, he always dallied between that and bad film-making, he creates a movie that doesn't move the heart and at the same time takes from it with the yearning of hope that one needs to continue leaving in this world. "	0
20485	I was impressed by the beautiful photography in this film, which was shot on location in Alaska. Although technically a melodrama, we see lots of activities Eskimos are involved in, such as hunting, dancing, building igloos, etc. And their customs, such as offering their wives to visitors, are routinely in the story. The hunting sequences were sometimes from stock footage, as it was easy to recognize some rear projection scenes of animals, but even these were fascinating. Spear fishing for salmon, hunting for walrus, caribou and even a polar bear and a whale made it seem like a documentary at times. There was no cast listing, which reinforced the documentary flavor. The film-makers tried to make it seem very authentic, with the natives speaking only in an Eskimo language that was either translated by someone on screen or by intertitles. The introduction stated that except for the white traders and the Royal Mounted Canadian Police, there were no actors in the film, but this was not strictly true. The two leading characters, played by Mala and Lotus Long, were Eskimos by birth, but were professional actors with credits for earlier films and you could see sometimes they had makeup on. But they were excellent in their roles and they went on to have Hollywood careers. All in all, the film is definitely worth a look.	1	I was unimpressed by the bad photography in this film, which was shot on location in Alaska. Although technically a melodrama, we see lots of activities Eskimos are involved in, such as hunting, dancing, building igloos, etc. And their customs, such as offering their wives to visitors, are routinely in the story. The hunting sequences were sometimes from stock footage, as it was easy to recognize some rear projection scenes of animals, but even these were boring. Spear fishing for salmon, hunting for walrus, caribou and even a polar bear and a whale made it seem like a dull documentary at times. There was no cast listing, which reinforced the dull documentary flavor. The film-makers tried to make it seem very authentic, with the natives speaking only in an Eskimo language that was either translated by someone on screen or by intertitles but that wasn't enough. The introduction stated that except for the white traders and the Royal Mounted Canadian Police, there were no actors in the film, but this was not strictly true. The two leading characters, played by Mala and Lotus Long, were Eskimos by birth, but were professional actors with credits for earlier films and you could see sometimes they had makeup on. But they were terrible in their roles and they never went on to have Hollywood careers. All in all, the film is definitely not worth a look.	0
20486	"""Panic in the Streets"" was a below average thriller, and I felt a bit disappointed by it. The central theme of a city being attacked by a plague in modern times is fascinating, but the film never really explores or develops it. Its well made and entertaining, but its not as interesting as it should have been. The screenplay for this one is really weak and brings the whole film down. None of the central characters are really compelling or believable.The film is well made but it doesn't compensates for the weak scripting. The direction by Elia Kazan keeps the film suspenseful and moving at a lightning quick pace. There are some standout sequences, particularly the memorable chase climax. When his direction was combined with better screenplays several years later, the man could mostly do no wrong.The acting isn't very good. Richard Widmark was always a watchable leading man and does what he can with an underwritten character. Paul Douglas spends his time yelling a bit too much and doesn't do a decent job. The standouts in the cast are the two villains. Zero Mostel, known primarily for his comic roles, is effectively slimy as one of cinema's ultimate toady characters. Jack Palance is, unsurprisingly, a chilling villain. ""Panic in the Streets"" is disappointing and not worth watching. (4/10)"	0	"""Panic in the Streets"" was a decent thriller, but I felt a bit disappointed by it. The central theme of a city being attacked by a plague in modern times is fascinating, but the film never really explores or develops it. Its well made and entertaining, but its not as interesting as it should have been. The screenplay for this one is really weak and brings the whole film down. None of the central characters are really compelling or believable.Fortunately, the film is very well made so it compensates for the weak scripting. The direction by Elia Kazan keeps the film suspenseful and moving at a lightning quick pace. There are some standout sequences, particularly the memorable chase climax. When his direction was combined with better screenplays several years later, the man could mostly do no wrong.The acting is also very good. Richard Widmark was always a watchable leading man and does what he can with an underwritten character. Paul Douglas spends his time yelling a bit too much but does a decent job as well. The standouts in the cast are the two villains. Zero Mostel, known primarily for his comic roles, is effectively slimy as one of cinema's ultimate toady characters. Jack Palance is, unsurprisingly, a chilling villain. ""Panic in the Streets"" is disappointing but still worth watching. (7/10)"	1
20505	"Finally we get a TV series where we get to see the acting talent! Episode one was excellent! The script gave us a little more than usual, yeah, there was still the ""i'm not your father -i'm your father and omigod you cheated on me!"" rubbish but the script allowed the actors to actually feel and live those real moments rather than show us what it would feel like if -like so many TV soaps do. The camera work also gave us a little more than usual, there were no boring shots of repeated angles for hours yet there was no unnecessary 'shots inside shots or hand-held camera crap' to add an ""artistic"" edge it gave us what we needed to see and also some beautiful scenery pictures as well! Nothing was over-dramatised or melodramatic they were real people in a real place dealing with real situations, the show lacked nothing in drama and was completely relevant. It was SUCH a relief to be exposed to real acting and so nice to let our country see just how talented our actors can be when given a real script, a real opportunity! Thank you Tony Tilse, Sam Miller, channel ten and all cast and crew -wonderful work!! please continue what you are doing, your efforts are much appreciated and do not go unnoticed!"	1	"When will we get a TV series where we get to see the acting talent! Episode one was horrible! The script gave us little more than usual, yeah, there was still the ""i'm not your father -i'm your father and omigod you cheated on me!"" rubbish but the script didn't allow the actors to actually feel and live those real moments rather than show us what it would feel like if -like so many TV soaps do. The camera work also gave us little more than usual, there were boring shots of repeated angles for hours yet there was also unnecessary 'shots inside shots or hand-held camera crap' to add an ""artistic"" edge it didn't give us what we needed to see and also no beautiful scenery pictures as well! Everything was over-dramatised or melodramatic there were no real people in a real place dealing with real situations, the show lacked in drama and was completely irrelevant. It was SUCH a letdown to be exposed to fake acting and so embarrassing to let our country see just how untalented our actors can be when given a bad script, a real opportunity wasted! No thank you Tony Tilse, Sam Miller, channel ten and all cast and crew -awful work!! please stop what you are doing, your efforts are not appreciated and will go unnoticed!"	0
20520	There is indeed much to complain about this movie version of Molnar's mystical play --Farrell looks good in his title role, but his line readings, frankly, stink. This also suffers, in large part, from this being credited as the first movie that makes use of rear projection. The sets look phony.There are two great strengths in this show, however: although the dialogue readings limp, the visual performances are perfect. Rose Hobart, as Julie, is little remembered today: mostly for ROSE HOBART, in which Joseph Cornell cut down the programmer EAST OF BORNEO to simply shots of her: credit Melford's stylish visual direction of the original. Her great beauty and simple (although stagy) performance help repair some of the damage to the earth-bound sections of this movie.However, one of Borzage's themes is the mystical power of love, and it is the handling of the celestial sections that make this great, from the arrival of the celestial train to the journey to 'the Hot Place'. H.B. Warner's performance here is, as always, perfect.So we have here a flawed but very interesting version. I think that Lang's 1934 version is better, as well as the celestial scenes in the Henry King version of CAROUSEL, the watered-down musical remake. But I still greatly enjoyed this version and think you should give it a chance.	1	There is indeed much to complain about this movie version of Molnar's mystical play --Farrell looks bad in his title role, and his line readings, frankly, stink. This also suffers, in large part, from this being credited as the first movie that makes use of rear projection. The sets look phony.There are two great failures in this show, to name a few: the dialogue readings are limp, and the visual performances are awful. Rose Hobart, as Julie, is little remembered today: mostly for ROSE HOBART, in which Joseph Cornell cut down the programmer EAST OF BORNEO to simply shots of her: credit Melford's gaudy visual direction of the original. Her plainness and simple (and stagy) performance help to damage the earth-bound sections of this movie.However, one of Borzage's themes is the mystical power of love, and it is the handling of the celestial sections that make this awful, from the arrival of the celestial train to the journey to 'the Hot Place'. H.B. Warner's performance here is, as always, lame.So we have here a flawed and very boring version. I think that Lang's 1934 version is better, as well as the celestial scenes in the Henry King version of CAROUSEL, the watered-down musical remake. I vehemently hated this version and think you should just pass it up.	0
20522	"I guess if a film has magic, I don't need it to be fluid or seamless. It can skip background information, go too fast in some places, too slow in others, etc. Magic in this film: the scene in the library. There are many minor flaws in Stanley & Iris, yet they don't detract from the overall positive impact of watching people help each other in areas of life that seem the most incomprehensible, the hardest to fix. Both characters are smart. Yet Stanley can't understand enough to function because he can't read; he can't read because he's had too much adventure in his childhood. Iris, although well-educated, hasn't had enough adventure and so can't understand how to move past the U-turn her life took. In both their faults and strengths, the characters compliment each other. It may be a bit of a stretch to accept that an Iris would wind up working year after year in a factory, or that a Stanley never hid his illiteracy enough to work in construction or some other better-paying job. And while these ""mysteries"" are explained in the course of the story, their unfolding seems somewhat contrived. I assume no one took the time to rethink the script. Even so, it's a good moviejust imagine what De Niro, Fonda and Plimpton would have done on screen if someone had!"	1	"I guess if a film has magic, I need it to be fluid or seamless. It can skip background information, go too fast in some places, too slow in others, etc. Magic in this film: there is none. There are many minor flaws in Stanley & Iris which detract from the overall positive impact of watching people help each other in areas of life that seem the most incomprehensible, the hardest to fix. Neither character is smart. Yet Stanley can't understand enough to function because he can't read; he can't read because he's had too much adventure in his childhood. Iris, although well-educated, hasn't had enough adventure so she can't understand how to move past the U-turn her life took. In both their faults and strengths, the characters derail each other. It may be a bit of a stretch to accept that an Iris would wind up working year after year in a factory, or that a Stanley never hid his illiteracy enough to work in construction or some other better-paying job. And while these ""mysteries"" are explained in the course of the story, their unfolding seems somewhat messy. I assume no one took the time to rethink the script. Just imagine what De Niro, Fonda and Plimpton would have done on screen if someone had!"	0
20527	"After the success of the second instalment, Richard Curtis and Ben Elton decided that Blackadder should have a third appearance. This time instead of Tudor times or Elizabethan times, Edmund Blackadder (BAFTA nominated Rowan Atkinson) is living in the time of the French Revolution. Accompanied by the now stupid but lovable Baldrick (Tony Robinson) Blackadder is the ""faithful"" butler to George, the Prince Regent of Wales (Hugh Laurie). Throughout this third series to the wonderfully written sitcom Blackadder tries everything he can to get rich and powerful. He tries electing a lord for a rotten borough, tries to sell a book, tries to win a bet about The Scarlet Pimpernel, tries to be a highway man and finally poses as the Prince. This is a very good instalment to the popular comedy. Includes appearances from Robbie Coltrane, Tim McInnerny, Miranda Richardson and Stephen Fry. It won the BAFTA for Best Comedy Series, and it was nominated for Best Design and Best Make Up. Rowan Atkinson was number 18 on The 50 Greatest British Actors, he was number 24 on The Comedians' Comedian, and he was number 8 on Britain's Favourite Comedian, Edmund Blackadder was number 3 on The 100 Greatest TV Characters, and he was number 3 on The World's Greatest Comedy Characters, and Blackadder (all four series) was number 2 on Britain's Best Sitcom. Outstanding!"	1	"After the success of the second instalment, Richard Curtis and Ben Elton decided that Blackadder should have a third appearance. This time instead of Tudor times or Elizabethan times, Edmund Blackadder (BAFTA nominated Rowan Atkinson) is living in the time of the French Revolution. Accompanied by the now stupid but lovable Baldrick (Tony Robinson) Blackadder is the ""faithful"" butler to George, the Prince Regent of Wales (Hugh Laurie). Throughout this third series to the wonderfully written sitcom Blackadder tries everything he can to get rich and powerful. He tries electing a lord for a rotten borough, tries to sell a book, tries to win a bet about The Scarlet Pimpernel, tries to be a highway man and finally poses as the Prince. This is a very horrible instalment to the popular comedy. Includes appearances from Robbie Coltrane, Tim McInnerny, Miranda Richardson and Stephen Fry. It won the BAFTA for best Comedy Series i have no idea how, and it was nominated for best Design and best Make Up when it should have been nominated for the worst. Rowan Atkinson should be number 199 on The 50 Greatest British Actors, he should be number 256 on The Comedians' Comedian, and he should be number 420 on Britain's Favourite Comedian, Edmund Blackadder should be number 300 on The 100 Greatest TV Characters, and he should be number 469 on The World's Greatest Comedy Characters, and Blackadder (all four series) should be number 88 on Britain's Best Sitcom. Waste of time!"	0
20530	"Several young Iranian women dress as boys and try to get into a World Cup qualifying match between Iran and Bahrain. When they're caught, they're penned in an area where the match remains within earshot, but out of sight. The prisoners plead to be let go, but rules are rules.Given the pedigree of its director, Jafar Panahi, it was disarming to discover that Offside is a comedy, and a frequently unamusing one. In 1997's The Mirror, Panahi presents two versions of Iranian girlhood and leaves the audience to wonder which one is ""real"". In 2000's The Circle, several Iranian women step outside the system; their transgressions are different, but they all end up in the same tragic place.However, thinking now about Offside, it's hard to imagine it as anything other than a terrible comedy, because the situation it presents is so obviously ridiculous. As the women demand to know why they can't watch the soccer match and their captors struggle to answer, the only possible outcome is a bad comedy.What makes Offside the least affecting is that the young women are not portrayed as activists attacking the system. They are simply soccer fans and ""patriots"", and despite the fact that they are clearly being treated unfairly, they never lose their focus on the match and the victory that is within their nation's grasp making it a hodge-podge."	0	"Several young Iranian women dress as boys and try to get into a World Cup qualifying match between Iran and Bahrain. When they're caught, they're penned in an area where the match remains within earshot, but out of sight. The prisoners plead to be let go, but rules are rules.Given the pedigree of its director, Jafar Panahi, it was disarming to discover that Offside is a comedy, and a frequently hilarious one. In 1997's The Mirror, Panahi presents two versions of Iranian girlhood and leaves the audience to wonder which one is ""real"". In 2000's The Circle, several Iranian women step outside the system; their transgressions are different, but they all end up in the same tragic place.However, thinking now about Offside, it's hard to imagine it as anything other than a comedy, because the situation it presents is so obviously ridiculous. As the women demand to know why they can't watch the soccer match and their captors struggle to answer, the only possible outcome is comedy.What makes Offside most affecting is that the young women are not portrayed as activists attacking the system. They are simply soccer fans and patriots, and despite the fact that they are clearly being treated unfairly, they never lose their focus on the match and the historic victory that is within their nation's grasp."	1
20586	This installment very much makes the CIA look like a very foolish organization. In reality, perhaps they are. After all, the way the plot goes on this it very much looks like one man has the power to sanction killing everyone including his own people in order to kill Jason Bourne.Matt Damon does a very credible job as Bourne trying to stay one step ahead of being killed the entire film. He is still trying to remember who he was & how he has gotten where he is. He gets help from a couple of folks & it seems like every minute of the film, somebody is trying to kill him.There is little time for rest in this film & the action sequences seem very very real. There are a lot of chase sequences filmed with the shaky cam which in a way add to the realism & make it seem less Hollywood than many pictures. These sequences add realism to the film in feeling.The suspense in some of the sequences is brilliantly done as you wonder if someone is going to die or if Bourne can head them off. This is the kind of action suspense you go to see when you want to be entertained & I am sure this one will lead to the next film in the series.	1	This installment very much makes the CIA look like a very foolish organization. In reality, perhaps they are. After all, the way the plot goes on this it very much looks like one man has the power to sanction killing everyone including his own people in order to kill Jason Bourne.Matt Damon does a very credible job as Bourne trying to stay one step ahead of being killed the entire film. He is still trying to remember who he was & how he has gotten where he is. He gets help from a couple of folks & it seems like every minute of the film, somebody is trying to kill him.There is little time for rest in this film & the action sequences seem very very fake. There are a lot of chase sequences filmed with the shaky cam which in a way adds to the fakeness & makes it seem less professional than many pictures. These sequences add nothing realist to the film in feeling.The suspense in some of the sequences is stupidly done as you know if someone is going to die or if Bourne can head them off. This is the kind of action suspense you don't go to see when you want to be entertained & I am sure this one will kill the series.	0
20587	"After seeing this film at the SF Independent Film Festival, I couldn't wait to hear about how to get a copy. Jim McKay gave a talk (Q&A) about the film afterward which presented his ironic situation: how to get distribution for a film which portrays minorities (women, non-whites) working on resolving controversial issues (teen pregnancy, teen motherhood, racial identity, single-mother households), and how to write a faithful script on all of these topics being a mid-thirties white male. The multi-racial, multi-gendered audience of mostly-adults raved about the film's fantastic storyline, detailed characters, and fantastic portrayal of ""real teen life."" Most of the teens, however, had left the building--leading me to think this is a film best seen by adults with kids, as a starting point for discussion rather than, as many adults there felt, ""a film teens should see because it's about them."" Hence, distribution questions--how do we get our hands on it? The Internet (retail) would be a great path--this is a film that will be buried, like ""Pups"" or other radical modern teen films--and McKay seemed responsive. As for his credits as a writer/director, McKay was _extremeley_ sensitive and detailed in his work--allying himself to the Crown Heights neighborhood in which the film is set, working with actors to portray characters in their own vision of what they think should be--with the results being disarmingly realistic."	1	"After seeing this film at the SF Independent Film Festival, I couldn't wait to hear about how to get a copy, just kidding. Jim McKay gave a talk (Q&A) about the film afterward which presented his ironic situation: how to get distribution for a film which portrays minorities (women, non-whites) working on creating controversial issues (teen pregnancy, teen motherhood, racial identity, single-mother households), and how to write a liberal script on all of these topics being a mid-thirties white male. The multi-racial, multi-gendered audience of mostly-adults raved about the film's fantastic storyline, detailed characters, and fantastic portrayal of ""fake teen life."" Most of the teens, however, had left the building--leading me to think this is a film best seen by adults with kids, as a starting point for discussion rather than, as many adults there felt, ""a film teens should see because it's about them."" Hence, distribution questions--how do we get our hands on it? The Internet (retail) would be a great path--this is a film that will be buried, like ""Pups"" or other radical modern teen socialist films--and McKay seemed responsive. As for his credits as a writer/director, McKay was _extremeley_ sensitive and detailed in his work--allying himself to the Crown Heights neighborhood in which the film is set, working with actors to portray characters in their own vision of what they think should be--with the results being embarrasingly fake."	0
20607	This is the worst made-for-TV movie of all-time! Am I saying this because I'm a huge Silverstone hater? Partially, but even without her, I'd still avoid it. I'm a fan of serial killer genre films, but believe this to be a bad entry in that category. Also, Mary Giordano easily ranks among Alicia's worst five character creations. Totally umemorable - not like she really exists. I wouldn't want her on my side, either, if there was a mystery to be solved. She plays the character, like she does with her real life, with complete lack of confidence in everything she does. Seems too sweet, honest, nice...not like she is in real life. So is that acting? No, indeed, she's sort of a rebel once again. This time she's not bad, she's too good and a bit afraid to do things that seem above the law. But she doesn't do things the normal teenager would do. Instead, she spends her time reading detective mags and solves crimes. A cliche abounds: she's sort of avenging her father's death, in a different way than vigilante-style. At the time, Alicia seemed to be playing the same characters: rebellious, seductive, without a parent, a loner. This happens here, too, but she's a bit nerdy this time around. That matter with this is; she's not cool as a nerd. Don't check this out any time sooner or later.	0	This is the best made-for-TV movie of all-time! Am I saying this because I'm a huge Silverstone fan? Partially, but even without her, I'd still see it. I'm a fan of serial killer genre films, and believe this to be a great entry in that category. Also, Mary Giordano easily ranks among Alicia's top five character creations. Totally memorable - like she really exists. I'd have her on my side, too, if there was a mystery to be solved. She plays the character, like she does with her real life, with complete confidence in everything she does. Seems sweet, honest, nice...just like she is in real life. So is that acting? Yes, indeed, she's sort of a rebel once again. This time she's not bad, she's too good and a bit afraid to do things that seem above the law. But she doesn't do things the normal teenager would do. Instead, she spends her time reading detective mags and solves crimes. A cliche abounds: she's sort of avenging her father's death, in a different way than vigilante-style. At the time, Alicia seemed to be playing the same characters: rebellious, seductive, without a parent, a loner. This happens here, too, but she's a bit nerdy this time around. That doesn't matter; she's still cool as a nerd. Check this out soon, or else Giordano will be investigating why you haven't...	1
20665	This game is fun and it has a plot that you could actually expect to see in the comics. Spider-man has been framed by a mysterious impostor. The city is being overrun by a strange gas, and symbiotes like those of Venom and Carnage are appearing all over the city. Who is behind these crimes? Could it be Doc Ock? Well he seems to have turned over a new leaf. Venom also does not seem to be involved as he is just ticked off that Spider-man has apparently cost him a rather good photo opportunity. Well cameos from other heroes and lots of villains later Spidey will unravel the mystery. The fighting is basic, not to hard to pick up, the fights with the bosses are rather fun. You get to collect comics, you run out of web and it is somewhat fun traversing the city. However, that is also a weak point. The swinging is not all that great as all you do is hover through the city as Spider-man seemingly attachés his webs to the sky. You also do not have much maneuverability web-slinging either especially compared to a say Spider-man 2 movie video game. Still, it makes up for the rather bad swinging with the other elements especially the story. So be prepared to see Scorpion, Rhino, Venom, Mysterio, Doctor Octopus, and Carnage for one wild action packed ride.	1	This game is boring and it has a plot that you could never expect to see in the comics. Spider-man has been framed by a mysterious impostor. The city is being overrun by a strange gas, and symbiotes like those of Venom and Carnage are appearing all over the city. Who is behind these crimes? Could it be Doc Ock? Well he seems to have turned over a new leaf. Venom also does not seem to be involved as he is just ticked off that Spider-man has apparently cost him a rather good photo opportunity. Well cameos from other heroes and lots of villains later Spidey will unravel the mystery. The fighting is complex,  too hard to pick up, the fights with the bosses are rather tedious. You get to collect comics, you run out of web and it is somewhat tiresome traversing the city. However, that is also a strong point. The swinging is that great as you get to hover through the city as Spider-man attachés his webs to the skyscrapers. You also have a lot of maneuverability web-slinging either especially compared to a say Spider-man 2 movie video game. Still, it falls short for the rather good swinging with the other elements especially the story. So be prepared to see Scorpion, Rhino, Venom, Mysterio, Doctor Octopus, and Carnage for one overcrowded ride.	0
20693	"Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) was born to sharecroppers in the deep south. He joins the navy, whereupon he tells his father he will be back. The father gives him an old radio, and Brashear leaves on the navy bus. The Most valuable thing his unemotional father taught him was, ""Never quit"". After a recommendation from a white commander Powers Boothe), who admires his drive and guts, he gets sent to Navy diving school at Bayonne, NJ. He endures harassment from his pals in uniform and from his trainer, Chief Navy Master Diver, Billy Sunday (Robert De Niro), and from the commanding officer, called pappy, (Hal Holbrook, who ""has almost as many loose screws as an old car"". They all want to make him drop out, and the prejudice is quite fierce.The dangers of diving prove a further setback when he loses a leg due to an accident on board ship. Despite this setback, he tells his wife that he will train and achieve his objective, and with the help of Billy Sunday, (now both joined in commiseration in their sufferings), they train and he is able to become the first black Navy diver with his artificial limb despite the skepticism of a highly mocking and doubtful captain at the Navy Department hearing in Washington, DC to determine if he meets the criteria. An inspirational movie, showing that determination can overcome all odds."	1	"Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) was born to sharecroppers in the deep south. He joins the navy, whereupon he tells his father he will be back. The father gives him an old radio, and Brashear leaves on the navy bus. The Most valuable thing his unemotional father taught him was, ""Never quit"". After a recommendation from a white commander Powers Boothe), who admires his drive and guts, he gets sent to Navy diving school at Bayonne, NJ. He endures harassment from his pals in uniform and from his trainer, Chief Navy Master Diver, Billy Sunday (Robert De Niro), and from the commanding officer, called pappy, (Hal Holbrook, who ""has almost as many loose screws as an old car"". They all want to make him drop out, and the prejudice is quite fierce.The dangers of diving prove a further setback when he loses a leg due to an accident on board ship. Despite this setback, he tells his wife that he will train and achieve his objective, and with the help of Billy Sunday, (now both joined in commiseration in their sufferings), they train and he is able to become the first black Navy diver with his artificial limb despite the skepticism of a highly mocking and doubtful captain at the Navy Department hearing in Washington, DC to determine if he meets the criteria. A cliche movie about determination that couldn't have been worse."	0
20720	There is no denying that Ealing comedies are good, but for me this film stands out as one of the best.The basic premise of the film is that a small part of Pimlico in London is discovered to be part of Burgundy, not the UK. We then follow the lives of the residents in their battle to keep the treasure found after the bomb explodes, and keep out the black market traders who soon realise that being exempt from UK law, rationing does not exist. When they become prisoners in their own street because the government has decided to close the boarder we see them fight back against the system.They are forced to ration water and food in their stand for what is right. In fact becoming worse off than they were before it all started, that's where the moral comes in. It's when they loose all the food that they think they are beaten and call for a surrender, only to have the whole of London respond to their plight by sending food, lot's of it. Thus enabling them to continue their struggle.This film hit's the right note throughout, the acting is superb, with Stanley Holloway, Margaret Rutherford, Hermione Baddeley and Betty Warren standing out. It's pitched just right, not too sentimental and the moral of the story not forced down your throat. Well worth a viewing	1	There is no denying that Ealing comedies are good, but for me this film stands out as one of the worst.The basic premise of the film is that a small part of Pimlico in London is discovered to be part of Burgundy, not the UK. We then follow the lives of the residents in their battle to keep the treasure found after the bomb explodes, and keep out the black market traders who soon realise that being exempt from UK law, rationing does not exist. When they become prisoners in their own street because the government has decided to close the border we see them fight back against the system.They are forced to ration water and food in their stand for what is right. In fact becoming worse off than they were before it all started, that's where the moral comes in. It's when they lose all the food that they think they are beaten and call for a surrender, only to have the whole of London respond to their plight by sending food, lot's of it. Thus enabling them to continue their struggle.This film hit's the wrong note throughout, the acting is sub par, with Stanley Holloway, Margaret Rutherford, Hermione Baddeley and Betty Warren standing out. It's pitched wrong,  too sentimental and the moral of the story is forced down your throat. Well worth not viewing	0
20727	This film is about a man who has been too caught up with the accepted convention of success, trying to be ever upwardly mobile, working hard so that he could be proud of owning his own home. He assumes this is all there is to life until he accidentally takes up dancing, all because he wanted to get a closer look of a beautiful girl that he sees by the dance studio everyday while riding the subway on his way home.His was infatuated with her at first, going to the dance class just to idolize her, but he eventually lets himself go and gets himself into the dancing. It eventually becomes apparent to him that there is more to life than working yourself to death. There is a set of oddball characters also learning in the studio, giving the film a lot of laughs and some sense of bonding between the dejected.There is also revelations of various characters, including the girl he initially admired, giving some depth to them by showing their blemished past and their struggle to overcome it.The dancing was also engaging, with the big competition at the end, but it is not the usual story where our underdog come out at the top by winning it. Instead, there are downfalls, revelations and redemption.All these makes it a moving and fun film to watch.	1	This film is about a man who has been too caught up with the accepted convention of success, trying to be ever upwardly mobile, working hard so that he could be proud of owning his own home. He assumes this is all there is to life until he accidentally takes up dancing, all because he wanted to get a closer look of a beautiful girl that he sees by the dance studio everyday while riding the subway on his way home.His was infatuated with her at first, going to the dance class just to idolize her, but he eventually lets himself go and gets himself into the dancing. It eventually becomes apparent to him that there is more to life than working yourself to death. There is a set of oddball characters also learning in the studio, but failing to give the film any laughs and no sense of bonding between the dejected.There are no revelations of the various characters, especially the girl he initially admired, prohibiting any depth to them by not showing their blemished past and their struggle to overcome it.The dancing also wasn't engaging, with the big competition at the end, but it is the usual story where our underdog comes out at the top by winning it. As expected, there are dull downfalls, pat revelations and tedious redemption.All these make it a boring and feckless film to watch.	0
20738	I only saw this recently but had been aware of it for a number of years and have always been intrigued by its title. It now belongs to me as one of my very favourite films. It is hard to describe the incredible subject matter the Maysles discovered but everything in it works wonderfully. It has so many memorable images and moments where you feel you are encroaching on a very private world. I fell in love with this film and with the characters in it. It is as though the filmmakers have cast a spell of the audience and drawn us into the strange world of the eccentric Beales, a true aristocratic family. It has a tangible atmosphere and I found myself wishing I could be there away from it all, cooking my corn on the cob at my bedside table. It has an air of sadness that permeates throughout. A fall from greatness for this once esteemed family. The money had gone but their airs and graces remained, as well as their beauty. It drew me in from the first frame and long after the film finished I found myself wondering about their fate. Wondering that if I took a walk along East Hampton beach I might still hear Old Edie's voice in the night and see the silhouette of Little Edie dancing in the window behind the thick hanging creeper. Unforgettable.	1	I only saw this recently but had been aware of it for a number of years and have always been sickened by its title. It now belongs to me as one of my very least favourite films. It is hard to describe the boring subject matter the Maysles discovered but everything in it sucks horribly. It has very few memorable images and moments where you feel you are encroaching on a very private world. I was sickened by this film and with the characters in it. It is as though the filmmakers have cast a spell of the audience and drawn us into the strange world of the eccentric Beales, a true aristocratic family. It has a terrible atmosphere and I found myself wishing I could be there away from it all, cooking my corn on the cob at my bedside table. It has an air of sadness that permeates throughout. A fall from greatness for this once esteemed family. The money had gone but their airs and graces remained, as well as their beauty. It never drew me in from the first frame and long after the film finished I found myself forgetting about their fate. Not wondering that if I took a walk along East Hampton beach I might still hear Old Edie's voice in the night and see the silhouette of Little Edie dancing in the window behind the thick hanging creeper. Forgettable.	0
20743	"Although I like Kurt Vonnegut, I'm not particularly interested in spy stories and I didn't know this one. The only reason I watched it was Nick Nolte, who is one of my favorite actors since I saw ""Breakfast of Champions"" and ""Hotel Rwanda"". But the film brought me a pleasant surprise. Of course Nolte was great, but so was the plot. There was relatively little political intrigue, and much more focus on the moral question: by reading his anti-Semitic radio commentaries with hidden secret messages to Americans, he in fact contributed to the general attitude of Germans (and, as it later turns out, Americans) towards Jews or Hitler. Which carries more weight, his service to his country or his unconscious contribution to anti-semitism? The dilemma is even more prominent as these words are never spoken, not even as narration. Howard Campbell Jr. (Nolte) is a person who learnt to hide his feelings so perfectly that he doesn't open up, not even in his memoirs. The inner conflict of such a character is almost impossible to portray - but with the help of excellent acting and photography, this film manages. There are other points to it, such as the humor or the ironical use of romantic clichés (like the song White Christmas), that make it real different from average American movies. I recommend it to everyone who is bored with Hollywood spy movies."	1	"Although I like Kurt Vonnegut, I'm not particularly interested in spy stories and I didn't know this one. The only reason I watched it was Nick Nolte, who is one of my favorite actors since I saw ""Breakfast of Champions"" and ""Hotel Rwanda"". But the film brought me great disappointment. Of course Nolte was great, but the plot was not. There was relatively little political intrigue, and much more focus on the moral question: by reading his anti-Semitic radio commentaries with hidden secret messages to Americans, he in fact contributed to the general attitude of Germans (and, as it later turns out, Americans) towards Jews or Hitler. Which carries more weight, his service to his country or his unconscious contribution to anti-semitism? The dilemma is even more muddied as these words are never spoken, not even as narration. Howard Campbell Jr. (Nolte) is a person who learnt to hide his feelings so perfectly that he doesn't open up, not even in his memoirs. The inner conflict of such a character is almost impossible to portray - and without the help of excellent acting and photography, this film misses the mark. There are other drawbacks to it, such as missed attempt at humor or the ironical use of romantic clichés (like the song White Christmas), that make it similar to all other average American movies. I cannot recommend it to anyone who likes Hollywood spy movies."	0
20745	The reason why I say this is because I wrote the screenplay and knew very little about it being made until I was asked to see the film. I wrote it for some producers who sold it on without telling me. Because Alan Dobie was a friend of mine, I got to hear about it. I had only written a first draft so I was understandably worried when I heard that it was on the floor. I asked Peter Collinson, through my agent, whether he might like me to do another draft. I also asked if I could I see my original script because I had lost it. I was told, too late. So I did the only thing I could do under the circumstances and took my name off. I had no idea what they might have done to my screenplay. Then I was invited to see the finished film. I was so impressed that I very quickly asked to have my name put back on. It's a beautifully made piece, from a hurriedly written first draft, I expected to be asked to do much more work on it; perhaps if I had it wouldn't be so good. I would love to see my original script again if anybody knows where it is? I would also love to see the film again, I only saw it once in a little viewing theatre in Soho.	1	The reason why I say this is because I wrote the screenplay and knew very little about it being made until I was asked to see the film. I wrote it for some producers who sold it on without telling me. Because Alan Dobie was a friend of mine, I finally got to hear about it. I had only written a first draft so I was understandably worried when I heard that it was on the floor. I asked Peter Collinson, through my agent, whether he might like me to do another draft. I also asked if I could I see my original script because I had lost it. I was told,  no, too late. So I did the only thing I could do under the circumstances and took my name off. I had no idea what they might have done to my screenplay. Then I was invited to see the finished film. I was so unimpressed that I very quickly asked to have my name to never be associated with this film. It's a dreadful piece, from a hurriedly written first draft, I expected to be asked to do much more work on it; perhaps if I had it wouldn't be so awful. I would love to see my original script again if anybody knows where it is? I would never see the film again, I only saw it once in a little viewing theatre in Soho.	0
20753	"This group of English pros are a pleasure to watch. The supporting cast could form a series of their own. It's a seen before love tiangle between the head of surgery, his wife, and a new pretty boy surgery resident. Only the superior acting skills of Francesca Annis, Michael Kitchen, and the sexy Robson Greene lift this from the trash category to a very enjoyable ""romp"". The only quibble is that it's hard to accept that the smoldering Francesca Annis would fall in love and actually marry Michael Kitchen, who like me, is hardly an international, or even a British sex symbol. You can readily understand why Robson Green would light her fire, with apologies to the ""Doors"". The guy who almost steals the show with a great ""laid back"" performance is Owen's father David Bradley. Watch him in ""The Way We Live Now"", in a completely different performance, to get an idea of his range. Daniela Nardini as Kitchen's secretary, sometime sex toy, is hard to forget as the spurned mistress who makes Kitchen sorry he ever looked at her great body. Conor Mullen, and Julian Rhind-Tutt, as Green's sidekick surgery buddies as I've said could have their own series. They are that good. The whole thing is a great deal of fun, and I heartily recommend it, and thank you imdbman for letting the paying customers have their say in this fascinating venue."	1	"This group of English nobodies are a pain to watch. The supporting cast could form a series of clowns on their own. It's a seen before love tiangle between the head of surgery, his wife, and a new pretty boy surgery resident. Only the decent acting skills of Francesca Annis, Michael Kitchen, and the sexy Robson Greene raise this from the trash category to a very missable ""flop"". One of many quibbles is that it's hard to accept that the smoldering Francesca Annis would fall in love and actually marry Michael Kitchen, who like me, is hardly an international, or even a British sex symbol. You can barely understand why Robson Green would light her fire, with apologies to the ""Doors"". The guy who almost steals the show with a great ""laid back"" performance is Owen's father David Bradley. Watch him in ""The Way We Live Now"", in a completely different performance, to get an idea of his range. Daniela Nardini as Kitchen's secretary, sometime sex toy, is hard to forget as the spurned mistress who makes Kitchen sorry he ever looked at her great body. Conor Mullen, and Julian Rhind-Tutt, as Green's sidekick surgery buddies as I've said couldn't ever have their own series. They are that bad. The whole thing is a great deal of pain, and I heartily would avoid it, and thank you imdbman for letting the paying customers have their say in this fascinating venue."	0
20760	As a disclaimer, I've seen the movie 5-6 times in the last 15 years, and I only just saw the musical this week. This allowed me to judge the movie without being tainted by what was or wasn't in the musical (however, it tainted me when I watched the musical :)) I can't believe Michael Douglas was in that role, along with Kasey. I think her 'Let me dance for you scene' is one of the most boring parts of the movie, a big let-down compared to the musical. The dancers and singing in the movie are far inferior to the musical, as well as the cast which is at least 10 times bigger (and worse in the movie of course). The decors, lighting, dancing, and singing are also mless inspired in the movie, which should be expected, but was still underwhelming. The songs that were in common with the musical are worse in the movie, the new ones are not up to par, and the whole movie just doesn't deliver compared to the musical in my opinion, especially compared to a musical which has tasteful decors. The worst point on the movie is the obvious cuts between the actors talking, and dubbed singers during the singing portions for some of the characters, and their dancing is clumsy, and the end product was a disservice to the musical	0	As a disclaimer, I've seen the movie 5-6 times in the last 15 years, and I only just saw the musical this week. This allowed me to judge the movie without being tainted by what was or wasn't in the musical (however, it tainted me when I watched the musical :) ) I actually believe Michael Douglas worked quite well in that role, along with Kasey. I think her 'Let me dance for you scene' is one of the best parts of the movie, a worthwhile addition compared to the musical. The dancers and singing in the movie are much superior to the musical, as well as the cast which is at least 10 times bigger (easier to do in the movie of course). The decors, lighting, dancing, and singing are also much superior in the movie, which should be expected, and was indeed delivered. The songs that were in common with the musical are better done in the movie, the new ones are quite good ones, and the whole movie just delivers more than the musical in my opinion, especially compared to a musical which has few decors. The one bad point on the movie is the obvious cuts between the actors talking, and dubbed singers during the singing portions for some of the characters, but their dancing is impeccable, and the end product was more enjoyable than the musical	1
20772	"I watched the Pie-lette last night and the word that comes to mind is ""unoriginal."" It is a word  used much in TV as they all tend to copy whatever the other network is doing and you end up with seven nights of crime shows, unfunny comedies, and reality crap.The first thing that hit me like a brick was the presence of Jim Dale. Those not familiar with the British ""Carry On ..."" series or those who have not listened to a Harry Potter book, may not be familiar with Dale. I am sure  his presence as narrator distracts. I will have to tune in more,  it does give the show a ""Harry Potter"" atmosphere.  That's not a good thing.Lee Pace (Infamous, The White Countess) has a gift. It never explains where he got it, but he can bring someone back from the dead for a minute. He teams with Chi McBride (""Boston Public,"" Roll Bounce) to solve murders using this talent. Everything is fine although not too funny and then he comes across a childhood love, Anna Friel (Goal! The Dream Begins, Timeline) and things  get complicated. He can't send her back and he can never touch her. Boy, would that make a relationship difficult.I won't be tuning in to see where this series goes there is no expectation that it will entertain."	0	"I watched the Pie-lette last night and the word that comes to mind is ""original."" It is a word not used much in TV as they all tend to copy whatever the other network is doing and you end up with seven nights of crime shows, unfunny comedies, and reality crap.The first thing that hit me like a brick was the presence of Jim Dale. Those not familiar with the British ""Carry On ..."" series or those who have not listened to a Harry Potter book, may not be familiar with Dale. I am not sure whether his presence as narrator adds or distracts. I will have to tune in more, but it does give the show a ""Harry Potter"" atmosphere. Maybe that's a good thing.Lee Pace (Infamous, The White Countess) has a gift. It never explains where he got it, but he can bring someone back from the dead for a minute. He teams with Chi McBride (""Boston Public,"" Roll Bounce) to solve murders using this talent. Everything is fine and funny until he comes across a childhood love, Anna Friel (Goal! The Dream Begins, Timeline) and things really get complicated. He can't send her back and he can never touch her. Boy, would that make a relationship difficult.I will be tuning in to see where this series goes in the expectation that it will continue to entertain."	1
20789	Saw this as a young naive punk when it was first released. Had me snifflin' like a baby as I left the theatre, trying not to let anyone see. So, when I saw it again now in '07, I knew what to expect & the sobs were ready & primed as their required moment approached. Thankfully this time I was at home.What I hadn't remembered from my youthful viewing- or perhaps hadn't noticed because of it, was the technical amateurism  of this movie. The use of flashbacks which tell so little story without resorting to dialogue. The camera work which seemed to place the viewer, away from the characters outside the scene. Think of the opening when Joe is crossing the street to the diner, the camera pans behind the woman & child sitting on a bench in the foreground, framing the street scene. The story itself, & the characters - seedy, sad & brutally real. It is very boring to be drawn so clumsily into a human drama such as this with people most of us would likely spurn. Then again, Joe & Ratso could be any of us. Must have been '70 when I saw it. I recall that upon leaving the theatre I was impelled to find the company of friends. All these years later, I'm glad I'm not alone tonight. This is one hell of a bad movie.	0	Saw this as a young naive punk when it was first released. Had me snifflin' like a baby as I left the theatre, trying not to let anyone see. So, when I saw it again now in '07, I knew what to expect & the sobs were ready & primed as their required moment approached. Thankfully this time I was at home.What I hadn't remembered from my youthful viewing- or perhaps hadn't noticed because of it, was the technical brilliance of this movie. The use of flashbacks which tell so much story without resorting to dialogue. The camera work which seemed to place the viewer, together with the characters in the scene. Think of the opening when Joe is crossing the street to the diner, the camera pans behind the woman & child sitting on a bench in the foreground, framing the street scene. The story itself, & the characters - seedy, sad & brutally real. It is very touching to be drawn so closely into a human drama such as this with people most of us would likely spurn. Then again, Joe & Ratso could be any of us. Must have been '70 when I saw it. I recall that upon leaving the theatre I was impelled to find the company of friends. All these years later, I'm glad I'm not alone tonight. This is one hell of a great movie.	1
20793	"Eric Clapton, Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker re-unite to play all their songs from 35 years ago when they formed a trio called ""Cream."" Those were the psychedelic days of England and America and these guys looked it: all skinny, very long hair, wild clothes and loud music. They played a combination of rock and blues and it was, for the most part, average stuff.Well, these guys are now 60-something years old and they can't still sing and play at a high level as this bad DVD concert disc shows us. I was always extremely familiar with Clapton, of course, who has never been out of the limelight, but I didn't know what to expect from Bruce and Baker, neither of whom I hadn't seen in decades. They surprised me. When he was young, Baker was so gaunt he looked like a speed freak near death. Now he looks unhealthy, in no shape and his drum playing was solid. Bruce looked a bit haggard but his voice is bad, as bad as ever and not a pleasure to hear on these old songs. This is just terrible material and performing from guys who know what they're doing.Some people criticized this show for being low-key. I agree with that. I have complaints. The concert sounded very bad. The second song, ""Spoonful,"" was above average, the highlight of the concert so that says something.Never recommended."	0	"Eric Clapton, Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker re-unite to play all their songs from 35 years ago when they formed a trio called ""Cream."" Those were the psychedelic days of England and America and these guys looked it: all skinny, very long hair, wild clothes and loud music. They played a combination of rock and blues and it was, for the most part, good stuff.Well, these guys are now 60-something years old and they can still sing and play at a high level as this wonderful DVD concert disc shows us. I was always extremely familiar with Clapton, of course, who has never been out of the limelight, but I didn't know what to expect from Bruce and Baker, neither of whom I hadn't seen in decades. They surprised me. When he was young, Baker was so gaunt he looked like a speed freak near death. Now he looks healthy, in shape and his drum playing was solid. Bruce looked a bit haggard but his voice is great, as good as ever and a pleasure to hear on these old songs. This is just excellent material and performing from guys who know what they're doing.Some people criticized this show for being low-key. I don't agree with that. I have no complaints. The concert sounded very good. The second song, ""Spoonful,"" was outstanding, the highlight of the concert for me.Highly recommended."	1
20811	Not fun. I went with 8 friends to a sneak preview viewing of this film. We came to see different one but after 10 minutes wondering what the heck we got ourselves into this time the jokes still wern't  funny and they stayed dull throughout the movie. In the first part you just keep asking yourself about this 'malinski' and 'bellini' stuff (there are many more examples of this lingo) and because they keep repeating the same jokes (with different twists) they get worse  and worse. In search for this malinski all the main characters are introduced the first one even wackier than the next. Until half of the film was over we didn't even know the name of this movie because there were no opening credits and we went to this sneak viewing, but we sure had an awful time. The house was loaded (appr. 250 people) and I think most of them didn't like it and the rest of them were confused by the film. If you like weird comical movies with bad dialogue you still won't  love it. Apart from Clooney This movie deserves a lot worse than the 5.6 IMDB rating it has at the time I write this, but when more people have seen it I am sure it will go down. 2.0 is reasonable I guess, I would give it an 2 out of 10. (1 out of 10 after a few beers)	0	Great fun. I went with 8 friends to a sneak preview viewing of this film. We came to see different one but after 10 minutes wondering what the heck we got ourselves into this time the jokes became funny and they stayed funny throughout the movie. In the first part you just keep asking yourself about this 'malinski' and 'bellini' stuff (there are many more examples of this lingo) and because they keep repeating the same jokes (with different twists) they get funnier and funnier. In search for this malinski all the main characters are introduced the first one even wackier than the next. Until half of the film was over we didn't even know the name of this movie because there were no opening credits and we went to this sneak viewing, but we sure had a good time. The house was loaded (appr. 250 people) and I think about half of them didn't like it and the other half loved the film. If you like weird comical movies with great dialogue you will love it. Apart from Clooney This movie deserves a lot better than the 5.6 IMDB rating it has at the time I write this, but when more ppl have seen it I am sure it will go up. 7.0 is reasonable I guess, I would give it an 8 out of 10. (10 out of 10 after a few beers)	1
20815	I have been meaning to see this flick for the past few months. I was actually surprised at how good it was.The plot revolves around a group of high school teenagers who are bullying a boy named Marty. They constantly bully him until one of them makes a horrific mistake which leaves Marty horribly burned.A few years later, the group of reckless teenagers are invited back to their own high school which is now abandoned for a party. Though, not one of the reckless teenagers has organized this party.Later through the film, the teenagers start dying in the most gruesome of ways possible. I can certainly tell you that they are gory as well.At the end of the film, you find out it was all a dream and none of it happened. But, Marty is in the hospital with severe burns. Although the murders didn't happen, the burns and the pranks apparently did happen.The acting is terrible but that is fine.I love the story. I really sympathize with Marty. It's like Tamara (2005). The bullies get what's coming to them in the end and you end up feeling satisfied for the victim getting their sweet revenge.I would strongly recommend anyone pick this up if you are looking for 80s slashers.I give this movie 8 stars out of 10. Good cheesy slasher!	1	I have been meaning to see this flick for the past few months. I was actually surprised at how bad it was.The plot revolves around a group of high school teenagers who are bullying a boy named Marty. They constantly bully him until one of them makes a horrific mistake which leaves Marty horribly burned.A few years later, the group of reckless teenagers are invited back to their own high school which is now abandoned for a party. Though, not one of the reckless teenagers has organized this party.Later through the film, the teenagers start dying in the most gruesome of ways possible. I can certainly tell you that they are gory as well.At the end of the film, you find out it was all a dream and none of it happened. But, Marty is in the hospital with severe burns. Although the murders didn't happen, the burns and the pranks apparently did happen.The acting is terrible but that is not even the worst part.I hate the story. I can't sympathize with Marty. It's like Tamara (2005). The bullies get what's coming to them in the end and you end up feeling satisfied for the victim getting their sweet revenge.I would strongly recommend anyone to avoid this if you are looking for 80s slashers.I give this movie 0 stars out of 10. Awful cheesy slasher!	0
20845	"""A Mouse in the House"" is a very classic cartoon by Tom & Jerry, faithful to their tradition but with jokes of its own. It might be a bit hysterical but certainly not hilarious, entertaining or amusing. Artwork is not of good quality either.This short is just about Tom trying to catch Jerry. Butch lives in the same house and he's trying to catch the mouse too, because «there's only going to be one cat in this house in the morning -- and that's the cat that catches the mouse».If you ask me, there are lots of boring gags in this cartoon. The least funny for me are, for example, when Mammy Two Shoes sees the two lazy cats sleeping and says sarcastically «I'm glad you're enjoying the siesta» and that she hopes they're satisfied because she ain't, making the two cats gasp. Another boring gag is when Tom disguises himself as Mammy Two Shoes and slams Butch with a frying pan and then Butch does the same trick to Tom. Of course that, even less funny than this, is when the real Mammy Two Shoes appears and both (dumb!) cats think they are seeing each other disguised as Mammy and then they both attack her on the ""rear"" - lol. Naturally that she gets mad and once she gets mad, she isn't someone to mess with. But even Jerry doesn't win this time, because he is expelled by her too."	0	"""A Mouse in the House"" is a very classic cartoon by Tom & Jerry, faithful to their tradition but with jokes of its own. It is hysterical, hilarious, very entertaining and quite amusing. Artwork is of good quality either.This short isn't just about Tom trying to catch Jerry. Butch lives in the same house and he's trying to catch the mouse too, because «there's only going to be one cat in this house in the morning -- and that's the cat that catches the mouse».If you ask me, there are lots of funny gags in this cartoon. The funniest for me are, for example, when Mammy Two Shoes sees the two lazy cats sleeping and says sarcastically «I'm glad you're enjoying the siesta» and that she hopes they're satisfied because she ain't, making the two cats gasp. Another funny gag is when Tom disguises himself as Mammy Two Shoes and slams Butch with a frying pan and then Butch does the same trick to Tom. Of course that, even funnier than this, is when the real Mammy Two Shoes appears and both (dumb!) cats think they are seeing each other disguised as Mammy and then they both attack her on the ""rear"" - lol. Naturally that she gets mad and once she gets mad, she isn't someone to mess with. But even Jerry doesn't win this time, because he is expelled by her too."	1
20847	We start all of our reviews with the following information. My wife and I have seen nearly 100 movies per year for the past 15 years. Recently, we were honored by receiving lifetime movie passes to any movie any time at no cost! So we can see whatever we want whenever we want. The point of this is that CRITICS count for ZERO. Your local critics or the national critics like Ebert are really no different than you or me. The only difference is that they get to write about the movie and are forced to see hundreds of movies whether they want to or not.Therefore, it is our belief that if you get your monies worth for two hours of enjoyment that is good enough for us! We NEVER EVER listen or read the critics. We only care about our friends and those who we know like the same things as us. Well enough about that.Now this movie is actually very bad. not just bad but very bad. For a change, the critics are spot on. Partly because there is nudity and language they hated it. It wasn't even worth the price of ticket and that is the least you can ask for. Is that not right? Not every movie cannot be an academy award nominee. Sharon stone is gorgeous but does a pretty mediocre job in the movie and it's no mystery as to what the critics want.	0	We start all of our reviews with the following information. My wife and I have seen nearly 100 movies per year for the past 15 years. Recently, we were honored by receiving lifetime movie passes to any movie any time at no cost! So we can see whatever we want whenever we want. The point of this is that CRITICS count for ZERO. Your local critics or the national critics like Ebert are really no different than you or me. The only difference is that they get to write about the movie and are forced to see hundreds of movies whether they want to or not.Therefore, it is our belief that if you get your monies worth for two hours of enjoyment that is good enough for us! We NEVER EVER listen or read the critics. We only care about our friends and those who we know like the same things as us. Well enough about that.This movie is very good. not just good but very good. The critics are a bunch of morons. Just because there is nudity and language they hated it. It was worth the price of ticket and that is all you can ask for. Is that not right? Every movie cannot be an academy award nominee. Sharon stone is gorgeous and does a great job in the movie and it mystifies me as to what in the hell the critics want	1
20849	"The late Dudley Moore had the most famous role of his too-short career in 1981's ARTHUR, a raucously funny and alternately touching tale that generates warm smiles, big belly-laughs, and an occasional tear if you're in the right mood. Moore received a Best Actor Oscar nomination for his performance as Arthur Bach, a drunken playboy who ""races cars, plays tennis, fondles women, but he has weekends off and he's his own boss."" Arthur is destined to inherit 750 million dollars when he marries a snooty society girl named Susan Johnston (Jill Eikenberry)who is the spoiled daughter of an undercover gangster. Things get sticky when Arthur meets Linda Morolla (Liza Minnelli) a waitress/struggling actress from Queens who steals neckties for her father's birthday. Moore lights up the screen in one of the single funniest performances of the last 50 years. The late Sir John Gielgud won a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his flawless turn as Arthur's acid-tongued butler and best friend, Hobson, whose outward disdain for Arthur's behavior covers more paternal feelings. There are other funny contributions by Barney Martin as Linda's father. Stephen Elliott as Susan's father, and Geraldine Fitzgerald as Arthur's demented grandmother. The film was directed with a keen eye for comedy by a first time director named Steve Gordon, who, sadly, died the following the year. There was also a forgettable sequel several years later, but this instant classic is not to be missed."	1	"The late Dudley Moore had the worst role of his too-short career in 1981's ARTHUR, a raucously lousy and alternately boring tale that generates no smiles, no belly-laughs, and an no occasional tear if you're in the right mood. Moore received a Best Actor Oscar nomination for his performance as Arthur Bach, a drunken playboy who ""races cars, plays tennis, fondles women, but he has weekends off and he's his own boss."" Arthur is destined to inherit 750 million dollars when he marries a snooty society girl named Susan Johnston (Jill Eikenberry)who is the spoiled daughter of an undercover gangster. Things get sticky when Arthur meets Linda Morolla (Liza Minnelli) a waitress/struggling actress from Queens who steals neckties for her father's birthday. Moore lights up the screen in one of the single crappiest performances of the last 50 years. The late Sir John Gielgud won a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his flawless turn as Arthur's acid-tongued butler and best friend, Hobson, whose outward disdain for Arthur's behavior covers more paternal feelings. There are no funny contributions by Barney Martin as Linda's father. Stephen Elliott as Susan's father, and Geraldine Fitzgerald as Arthur's demented grandmother. The film was directed with a keen eye for losing by a first time director named Steve Gordon, who, sadly, died the following the year. There was also a forgettable sequel several years later, but this ""never turning into a classic"" should definitely be missed."	0
20860	I came to Nancy Drew expecting the best...because of everyone else's good reviews. I thought: Even though I don't read the books, that doesn't look anything like the Nancy Drew I've heard of. But I was wrong. Sure, it wasn't a carbon copy of the books, but when you make a movie out of something, you have to modify it to become big-screen entertainment. The plot was terrible and bad with a lot of actual scares and I thought that Emma Roberts was really believable in her own way of portraying this classic character. There were several unfunny moments and Nancy comes off as a ditz. She was unintelligent, conservative, impolite and fake. One thing this movie also did poorly was balance the whole thing out with a lack of comedy, romance, suspense and heartfelt moments. I hated this movie. What a flick, what a flick! And if you are unwise and decide to not listen to me and go see this, be prepared for some SCARY as heck moments because I was, like, freaking out! Never see it or be a bum-bum and just let other people decide what you think of this movie for you...which I should have done. I hate it, I never wanna own this movie! I dislike Emma Roberts now, too. She's like a mini-Bree Van De Kamp from DH. Hate it, hate it.	0	I came to Nancy Drew expecting the worst...because of everyone else's bad reviews. I thought: Even though I don't read the books, that doesn't look anything like the Nancy Drew I've heard of. But I was wrong. Sure, it wasn't a carbon copy of the books, but when you make a movie out of something, you have to modify it to become big-screen entertainment. The plot was enjoyable and thrilling with a lot of actual scares and I thought that Emma Roberts was really believable in her own way of portraying this classic character. There were several funny moments and on the contrary of many statements, at no point in this film does Nancy come off as a ditz. She was intelligent, conservative, polite and genuine. One thing this movie also did well was balance the whole thing out with a mix of comedy, romance, suspense and heartfelt moments. I loved this movie. What a flick, what a flick! And if you are wise and decide to trust me and go see this, be prepared for some SCARY as heck moments because I was, like, freaking out! Go see it or be a bum-bum and just let other people decide what you think of this movie for you...a mistake I almost made. I love it, I wanna own this movie! I love Emma Roberts now, too. She's like a mini-Bree Van De Kamp from DH. Love it, love it.	1
20865	For those of you who are not aware with the theme that Kusturica continues to explore intermittently in his films--the Western assault on traditional Serbian values--it will be impossible for you to understand his narratives. This continuous theme, expressed through fantasy and outrageous comedy as its vehicle, is one that Kusturica has elected to mandate. Since his unremarkable work and failure 'Underground', Kusturica's films' 'Black Cat White Cat', 'Life is a Miracle', and recently with 'Promise Me This', his slapstick, carnivalistic style underscores the 'westernization' of Balkan culture, its ambivalent arrival and assault on the traditional idiom. In the case of 'Promise Me This', the paradoxical world of city (urban space) and village (traditional idiom) space are contrasted. The world of the city reflects western attributes that have ensconced the spatial and temporal setting; organized crime, sexual exploitation, a ruptured sense of identity and vehement disregard for traditional values--as expressed toward the young kid--villager. The end of the film further exemplifies this notion as we observe a funeral mass and wedding on a one-way dirt road. They are on a collision coarse; appropriately, the wedding, which represents the lifeline and pulse of the village, i.e. traditional values, are about to collide with the funeral mourners, exemplifying the death of tradition within this context. Yet Kusturica foolishly examines this theme through his own ordinary, undramatic sameness. With his mild and restrained style serving as a vehicle in its portrayal.	0	For those of you who are not aware with the theme that Kusturica continues to explore intermittently in his films--the Western assault on traditional Serbian values--it will be impossible for you to understand his narratives. This continuous theme, expressed through fantasy and outrageous comedy as its vehicle, is one that Kusturica has elected to mandate. Since his fantastic work and Magnum Opus 'Underground', Kusturica's films' 'Black Cat White Cat', 'Life is a Miracle', and recently with 'Promise Me This', his slapstick, carnivalistic style underscores the 'westernization' of Balkan culture, its ambivalent arrival and assault on the traditional idiom. In the case of 'Promise Me This', the paradoxical world of city (urban space) and village (traditional idiom) space are contrasted. The world of the city reflects western attributes that have ensconced the spatial and temporal setting; organized crime, sexual exploitation, a ruptured sense of identity and vehement disregard for traditional values--as expressed toward the young kid--villager. The end of the film further exemplifies this notion as we observe a funeral mass and wedding on a one-way dirt road. They are on a collision coarse; appropriately, the wedding, which represents the lifeline and pulse of the village, i.e. traditional values, are about to collide with the funeral mourners, exemplifying the death of tradition within this context. Yet Kusturica brilliantly examines this theme through his own unique, stylistic singularity. With his outrageous and flamboyant style serving as a vehicle in its portrayal.	1
20866	"No sense going over the story since enough reviewers have done that. Here's a few different slants on it from one of those ""religious nuts,"" as one bigoted reviewer puts it so tolerantly. 1) ""Baby Face"" (1933) offers perhaps THE classic example ever put on film of how women can manipulate men with sex. There is a lot of truth to what Barbara Stanwyck demonstrates in this film: look cute, bat your eyelashes, offer your body for free.....and men will fall over themselves to help you out with whatever you want.In this case, it was job advancement with the ultimate goal of money.....lots of it. At least four men in this film do provide just that, even if it ruins their lives in the process. 2) The ending - which many of the reviewers here seemed to hate - gives another great message: all the money and material goods in the world won't make a person feel fulfilled. A sad comment that so many ""critics"" here would rather have immoral messages, preferring sleaze over substance. No surprise, I guess.Any way you look at it, the movie is entertaining start-to-finish and Stanwyck has some great lines, particularly in the beginning when she tells off her crude father and his unruly bar customers. At a little over 70 minutes, this film moves at a fast pace and is over before you know it."	1	"No sense going over the story since enough reviewers have done that. Here's a few different slants on it from one of those ""religious nuts,"" as one bigoted reviewer puts it so tolerantly. 1) ""Baby Face"" (1933) offers perhaps THE classic example ever put on film of how women can manipulate men with sex. There is a lot of truth to what Barbara Stanwyck demonstrates in this film: look cute, bat your eyelashes, offer your body for free.....and men will fall over themselves to help you out with whatever you want.In this case, it was job advancement with the ultimate goal of money.....lots of it. At least four men in this film do provide just that, even if it ruins their lives in the process. 2) The ending - which many of the reviewers rightly hate - gives another redundant message: all the money and material goods in the world won't make a person feel fulfilled. A telling comment that so many ""critics"" here would rather have immoral messages, preferring sleaze over substance. No surprise, I guess.Any way you look at it, the movie is boring start-to-finish and Stanwyck has some forgettable lines, particularly in the beginning when she tells off her crude father and his unruly bar customers. At a little over 70 minutes, this film moves at a slow pace and when it is over you wonder why you watched it."	0
20881	"Soap Opera about a small town married woman (Kay Francis) who works at the local newsstand, performs as leading lady in her local playhouse, but dreams of becoming a star on Broadway. When a famous actor who is a ham, a windbag, and a womanizer to boot, arrives in town she visits him in his room with dreams of him giving her tips to stardom - he pretends his valet is his ""manager"" tricking her into believing she has all it takes but ""experience"" to become a big star. Her husband finds out and punches the guy resulting in the actor's unexpected death - which leads to a murder trial and even more unexpected: a life prison sentence for hubby. Next thing you know she's joined a traveling Burlesque show in hopes of one day making it to Broadway and making enough money to get her man's freedom - all the while her baby is sleeping in a trunk!This film has a pretty interesting plot, well, a bit far-fetched perhaps, but very melodramatic (with tons of melodramatic music to make sure you get it) - all *greatly* enhanced by the strong, emotional performance given by Kay Francis - she just makes this film. Also helping here is the well-done acting by Minna Gombell in her role as a ""getting close to forty"" older lady who works the burlesque and befriends Kay. Worth seeing, especially for Kay Francis fans."	1	"Soap Opera about a small town married woman (Kay Francis) who works at the local newsstand, performs as leading lady in her local playhouse, but dreams of becoming a star on Broadway. When a famous actor who is a ham, a windbag, and a womanizer to boot, arrives in town she visits him in his room with dreams of him giving her tips to stardom - he pretends his valet is his ""manager"" tricking her into believing she has all it takes but ""experience"" to become a big star. Her husband finds out and punches the guy resulting in the actor's unexpected death - which leads to a murder trial and even more unexpected: a life prison sentence for hubby. Next thing you know she's joined a traveling Burlesque show in hopes of one day making it to Broadway and making enough money to get her man's freedom - all the while her baby is sleeping in a trunk!This film has a boring uninteresting plot, quite far-fetched perhaps and very melodramatic (with tons of melodramatic music to make sure you get how bad it is) - all made worse by the lackluster performance given by Kay Francis - she just makes this film even worse. Also, not  helping here is the bad acting by Minna Gombell in her role as a ""getting close to forty"" older lady who works the burlesque and befriends Kay. Not really worth seeing, especially for Kay Francis fans."	0
20882	"Woody Allen's second movie set in London. Tha Tarot Card murderer is killing prostitutes in London. Aspiring journalist Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson) gets a tip that he may be Lord Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman). She starts to romance him but quickly falls in love. She's helped by stage magician Sid Waterman (Woody Allen) who doesn't like what he sees.I like this better than the over rated ""Match Point"" from last year. It was shorter and moved much more quickly. The plot is old but I was entertained and it kept me guessing till the very end. It's not really a comedy but a mystery with a few very good comedic lines (all from Allen of course). It's not one of Allen's best but it's far better than his worst.The acting is, for the most part, very good. Allen is bad but he's played this character a million times before and it's gotten tiresome. But Johansson and Jackman are just great--they look fantastic and give two very appealing believable performances. Also Allen (surprisingly) works on their sex appeal--there is a sequence where they're both in the their bathing suits to show off their nice bodies. The only real debit is that Allen still seems unsure on how to shot London. He's not as off as he was on ""Match Point"" though--maybe he'll just get better as he goes along.Worth seeing. I give it an 8."	1	"Woody Allen's second movie set in London. Tha Tarot Card murderer is killing prostitutes in London. Aspiring journalist Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson) gets a tip that he may be Lord Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman). She starts to romance him but quickly falls in love. She's helped by stage magician Sid Waterman (Woody Allen) who doesn't like what he sees.I like this way less than the top rated ""Match Point"" from last year. It was shorter and moved much more quickly. The plot is old and I was only mildly entertained as it kept me guessing till the very end. It's a confused  mystery with a few comedic lines (all from Allen of course). It's not one of Allen's best but it's a little better than his worst.The acting is, for the most part, sub par. Allen is bad but he's played this character a million times before and it's gotten tiresome.  Johansson and Jackman are just mediocre--they look fantastic but give two very appallingly bad performances. Also Allen (surprisingly) works on their sex appeal--there is a sequence where they're both in the their bathing suits to show off their nice bodies. The only real debit is that Allen still seems unsure on how to shot London. He's not as off as he was on ""Match Point"" though--maybe he'll just get better as he goes along.Not worth seeing. I give it an 3."""	0
20884	For those of you who have read Rohinton Mistry's highly respected novel, this film will definitely impress you, because of how honorable an adaptation it is . With the exception of one minor subplot, Sturla Gunnarson's feature film debut is an almost dead-on recreation of the book (down to the last line).For those of you who have not read the novel, this movie might be a little tricky. It is certainly not a large cinematic drama story. Instead it has a strong element of realism to it, but I would not have it any other way. The best way to describe Such a Long Journey to movie fans would be to say that it is a small scale, Hindu version of 'Fiddler On The Roof'. Instead of a Jewish/Russian milkman, the protagonist Gustad Noble is a banker in 1970's Bombay during the time of the Muslim/Hindi war with Pakistan. He is forced to deal with a number of unexpected problems in his life, including his sick daughter, his individualist eldest son, a distant friend who gets him involved with some dirty money, and an unhealthy neighborhood. The Ending is not a happy one, nor is it a sad one, but that is essentially what realism involves. Such a Long Journey is a fine little movie, but if you want to see it, then good luck finding it. Unlike the novel, it has received very little release.	1	For those of you who have read Rohinton Mistry's highly respected novel, this film will definitely let you down, because of how dishonorable an adaptation it is . With the exception of one minor subplot, Sturla Gunnarson's feature film debut is an almost dead-on recreation of the book (down to the last line).For those of you who have not read the novel, this movie might be a little tricky. It is certainly not a large cinematic drama story. Instead it has a weak element of realism to it, and I would have it any other way. The best way to describe Such a Long Journey to movie fans would be to say that it is a small scale, Hindu version of 'Fiddler On The Roof'. Instead of a Jewish/Russian milkman, the protagonist Gustad Noble is a banker in 1970's Bombay during the time of the Muslim/Hindi war with Pakistan. He is forced to deal with a number of unexpected problems in his life, including his sick daughter, his individualist eldest son, a distant friend who gets him involved with some dirty money, and an unhealthy neighborhood. The Ending is not a happy one, nor is it a sad one, but that is essentially what realism involves. Such a Long Journey is a bad little movie, but if you want to see it, then good luck finding it. Unlike the novel, it has received very little release.	0
20893	"Many reviews here explain the story and characters of 'Opening Night' in some detail so I won't do that. I just want to add my comment that I believe the film is a wonderful affirmation of life.At the beginning Myrtle Gordon is remembering how 'easy' it was to act when she was 17, when she had youth and energy and felt she knew the truth. Experience has left her emotionally fragile, wondering what her life has been for and, indeed, if she can even continue living. A tragic accident triggers a personal crisis that almost overwhelms her.Almost - but not quite. At the eleventh hour she rediscovers the power of her art and reasserts herself (""I'm going to bury that bastard,"" she says of fellow actor Maurice as she goes on stage). It seems almost sadistic when Myrtle's director prevents people from helping her when she arrives hopelessly drunk for her first performance. He knows, however, that she has to have the guts to make it herself if she is to make it at all.Some critics wonder if this triumph is just a temporary pause on Myrtle's downward path. I believe this is truly her 'opening night' - she opens like a flower to new possibilities of life and action, she sees a way forward. It is tremendously moving.Gena Rowlands is superb. The film is superb. Thank you, Mr Cassavetes, wherever you are."	1	"Many reviews here explain the story and characters of 'Opening Night' in some detail so I won't do that. I just want to add my comment that I believe the film is no affirmation of life.At the beginning Myrtle Gordon is remembering how 'easy' it was to act when she was 17, when she had youth and energy and felt she knew the truth. Experience has left her emotionally fragile, wondering what her life has been for and, indeed, if she can even continue living. A tragic accident triggers a personal crisis that almost overwhelms her.Almost - but not quite. At the eleventh hour she rediscovers the power of her art and reasserts herself (""I'm going to bury that bastard,"" she says of fellow actor Maurice as she goes on stage). It seems almost sadistic when Myrtle's director prevents people from helping her when she arrives hopelessly drunk for her first performance. He knows, however, that she has to have the guts to make it herself if she is to make it at all.Some critics wonder if this triumph is just a temporary pause on Myrtle's downward path. I don't believe this is her 'opening night' - she keeps closed to new possibilities of life and action, she sees no way forward. It is not moving at all.Gena Rowlands is not upto the mark. The film is terrible. No thank you, Mr Cassavetes, wherever you are."	0
20896	"The first two-thirds of this biopic of fetish model Betty Page are very interesting. Betty, as portrayed with enormous sincerity by Gretchen Mol, comes across as a pleasant, girl-next-door type, who saw nothing wrong with what she did (and there certainly wasn't anything ""wrong"" with it). Director Mary Harron, who also made ""I Shot Andy Warhol"" and ""American Psycho"", recreates Betty's America by mixing old black and white stock footage with new, degraded, black and white footage. Once Betty lands in Florida and starts working with Bunny Yeager, color is introduced. Betty's notoriety was mostly the result of her work with Paula and Irving Klaw (Lili Taylor, in a great performance, and Chris Bauer), as well as John Willie (Jared Harris). The scenes where Harron recreates Betty's bondage photography sessions are fascinating and adroitly executed. The early purveyors of fetish material are not portrayed too condescendingly and we get a sense that these folks were part of a tight ""community"". Betty never had too much of a problem with her notoriety, although we get the impression that her reputation prevented her from gaining legitimacy in the straight acting world. Because the film's third act is virtually non-existent, we are left with the impression that we have been watching a feature length documentary on Betty Page rather than a structured drama. Flaws aside, it's a film well worth catching and represents yet another fine feather in the cap of producer Christine Vachon."	1	"""The first two-thirds of this biopic of fetish model Betty Page are very exploitative. Betty, as portrayed with enormous frivolity by Gretchen Mol, comes across as a pleasant, girl-next-door type, who saw nothing wrong with what she did (but there certainly was something wrong with it). Director Mary Harron, who also made """"I Shot Andy Warhol"""" and """"American Psycho"""", recreates Betty's America by mixing old black and white stock footage with new, degraded, black and white footage. Once Betty lands in Florida and starts working with Bunny Yeager, color is introduced. Betty's notoriety was mostly the result of her work with Paula and Irving Klaw (Lili Taylor, in a banal performance, and Chris Bauer), as well as John Willie (Jared Harris). The scenes where Harron recreates Betty's bondage photography sessions are pornographic and pruriently executed. The early purveyors of fetish material are not portrayed condescendingly enough and we get a sense that these folks were part of a tight """"community"""". Betty never had too much of a problem with her notoriety, although we get the impression that her reputation prevented her from gaining legitimacy in the straight acting world. Because the film's third act is virtually non-existent, we are left with the impression that we have been watching a feature length documentary on Betty Page rather than a structured drama. Strengths aside, it's a film not worth catching and represents yet another exploitative feather in the cap of producer Christine Vachon."""	0
20913	I have not read the novel, though I understand that this is somewhat different from it; the fact that I rather enjoyed this, coupled with the fact that this really is not my genre, leads me to the decision of not pursuing reading the book. Having not read a single word of Austen's writing, I really can't compare this to any of her work. What I can say is that almost every line of dialog in this is clever, witty, and well-delivered, as well as the biggest source of comedy in this. This made me laugh out loud a lot, with perfect British and verbal material. Every acting performance is spot-on, and Paltrow completely nails the role of a kind matchmaker. The characters are well-written, credible and consistent. I did find a couple of them extremely irritating, however, and while I think that at least some of that was meant to be funny, it tended to get repeated excessively, and it honestly wasn't amusing the first time they appeared. The editing and cinematography are marvelous, and everything looks utterly gorgeous. Plot and pacing are great, you're never bored. It does end in a *really* obvious manner, but maybe that's what the audience of these prefer. I can't claim that this did not entertain me, it did from start to finish, and I'd watch it again. There is brief language in this. I recommend this to any fan of romance stories. 7/10	1	I have not read the novel, though I understand that this is somewhat different from it; the fact that I did not enjoy this, coupled with the fact that this really is not my genre, leads me to the decision of not pursuing reading the book. Having not read a single word of Austen's writing, I really can't compare this to any of her work. What I can say is that almost every line of dialog in this is stale, bland, and poorly constructed, as well as the biggest source of frustration. This made me audibly sigh, with sub-par British and verbal material. Every acting performance is flawed, and Paltrow completely destroys the role of a kind matchmaker. The characters are basic, bland, and boring. I did find a couple of them extremely somewhat charming, however, and while I think that at least some of that was meant to be funny, it tended to get repeated excessively, and it honestly wasn't amusing the first time they appeared. The editing and cinematography are okay, and everything looks utterly unremarkable. Plot and pacing are skewed, you're never drawn in. It does end in a *really* obvious manner, but maybe that's what the audience of these prefer. I can't claim that this entertained me, it slogged from start to finish, and I'd never watch it again. There is brief language in this. I recommend this to any fan of wasting time. 2/10	0
20918	I had to give this film a 10 simply because it did what so many films thrown at black audiences have FAILED MISERABLY to do. This film was void of all the video whore clichés, and it also skipped the gangsters, rappers, and foul language. It examined several relationships among physicians, African Americans, and African American male/female romantic relationships on a completely new and refreshing level. I was highly impressed with the films careful mix of light headed humor with some pretty tough and heavy issues. The film will leave you feeling happy and sad all at the same time. I saw it at the Boston Film Festival as well. It premiered at AMC Loews Boston and I truly hope this film makes it to much larger audiences. Black People (and EVERYONE else) would LOVE a movie like this- if only the industry was SMART enough to put them out there!As an extra- if your a doctor, a resident, a medical student, a premedical student, married to a doctor, have a doctor sibling, have a doctor in the family, or know a great doctor period- they would love this film as well. It portrayed residency and the practice in a true-to-life way that was greatly appreciated by the doctors, residents, and medical students who viewed the film. Dennis Cooper completely his residency in internal medicine- so he definitely applied his knowledge/experience to the film and that is greatly apparent.	1	I had to give this film a 1 simply because it failed to do what so many films intended for black audiences have successfully done. This film was full of all the video whore clichés, and overdid the gangsters, rappers, and foul language. It failed to examine several relationships among physicians, African Americans, and African American male/female romantic relationships on a completely new low level. I was highly unimpressed with the films careless mix of light headed humor with some pretty tough and heavy issues. The film will have no emotional impact on you at all. I saw it at the Boston Film Festival as well. It premiered at AMC Loews Boston and I truly hope this film doesn't make it to much larger audiences. Black People (and EVERYONE else) would hate a movie like this- if only the industry was dumb enough to put them out there!As an extra- if your a doctor, a resident, a medical student, a premedical student, married to a doctor, have a doctor sibling, have a doctor in the family, or know a great doctor period- this film is not for them. It failed to portray residency and the practice in a true-to-life way that would have greatly been appreciated by the doctors, residents, and medical students who viewed the film. Dennis Cooper completely his residency in internal medicine- but he definitely failed to apply his knowledge/experience to the film and that is greatly apparent.	0
20933	In this sequel to the 1989 action-comedy classic K-9, detective Dooley [James Belushi] and his dog Jerry Lee return to fight crime, but this time they are teamed up with another detective [Christine Tucci] and her partner, a mean Doberman named Zues who does not get along with Jerry Lee very well. Dooley does not get along with his new partner much either. That all changes as the movie goes along. The movie is intense as their is a guy that really wants to kill Dooley for the way he treated him in the past. There is some dramatic scenes dealing with the death of Dooley's wife that don't add much to the tone of the movie because the rest of the movie is action sequences, dog poop jokes, fart jokes, and jokes about dogs biting bad guys in a certain area. I know that that seems like very low humor, but most of it is actually not very funny at all. I didn't see this movie for the jokes, I saw it for two reasons. The first reason is because I am a big James Belushi fan and the second is for the action sequences. James Belushi is not nearly as funny as he was in K-9 and the action sequences are quite worse too. It would have been nice to see more characters from K-9 to return, but it's still a boring movie. Even if you are a James Belushi fan, you probably won't like this movie.	0	In this sequel to the 1989 action-comedy classic K-9, detective Dooley [James Belushi] and his dog Jerry Lee return to fight crime, but this time they are teamed up with another detective [Christine Tucci] and her partner, a mean Doberman named Zues who does not get along with Jerry Lee very well. Dooley does not get along with his new partner much either. That all changes as the movie goes along. The movie is intense as their is a guy that really wants to kill Dooley for the way he treated him in the past. There is some dramatic scenes dealing with the death of Dooley's wife that don't really seem to be with the tone of the movie because the rest of the movie is action sequences, dog poop jokes, fart jokes, and jokes about dogs biting bad guys in a certain area. I know that that seems like very low humor, but some of it is actually very funny. I didn't see this movie for the jokes, I saw it for two reasons. The first reason is because I am a big James Belushi fan and the second is for the action sequences. James Belushi is funnier than he was in K-9 and the action sequences at are better too. It would have been nice to see more characters from K-9 to return, but it's still a fun movie. If you are a James Belushi fan, you'll love this movie.	1
20936	"I noticed at once that this movie really wasn't based on Dodie Smith's novel. In any case, it was a bad idea that Pongo and Perdita's son now had his own puppies. The cutest of the Dalmatians was, of course, little Snowball who was completely spotless till the very end of the film. To be honest, I didn't understand or know what to think when Cruella de Vil seemed to have changed completely kind. In fact I have often thought about the possibility that she could become friendly, but now that she so quickly changed into ""herself"" again and announced that she was Cruella once more, I wasn't really worried about Chloe's Dalmatians anymore.Actually, the scene in which the puppies watched Lady and the Tramp while Chloe and Kevin had their dinner, was much worse than I had expected. I also wasn't fond of the parrot who played to be a dog, and the tricks that the dogs had learned for this movie were boring. Of course I was content that at the end the Dalmatians were saved again, but I would have liked to know what was going to happen to Cruella after she had lost her whole property. And what on earth could the dogs' home do with such a huge sum of money?Finally, it was quite expected that Snowball also had spots at the very end of the film."	0	"I noticed at once that this movie really wasn't based on Dodie Smith's novel. In any case, it was a nice idea that Pongo and Perdita's son now had his own puppies. The cutest of the Dalmatians was, of course, little Snowball who was completely spotless till the very end of the film. To be honest, I didn't know what to think when Cruella de Vil seemed to have changed completely kind. In fact I have often thought about the possibility that she could become friendly, but now that she so quickly changed into ""herself"" again and announced that she was Cruella once more, I almost began to be really worried about Chloe's Dalmatians.Actually, the scene in which the puppies watched Lady and the Tramp while Chloe and Kevin had their dinner, was much better than I had expected. I also was fond of the parrot who played to be a dog, and it was incredible that the dogs had learned so many tricks for this movie. Of course I was content that at the end the Dalmatians were saved again, but I would have liked to know what was going to happen to Cruella after she had lost her whole property. And what on earth could the dogs' home do with such a huge sum of money?Finally, it was quite touching that Snowball also had spots at the very end of the film."	1
20941	"Sure, it's a 50's drive-in special, but don't let that fool you. In my little book, there are a number of intelligent touches with unexpected dollops of humor. Catch the redoubtable Mrs. Porter who's supposed to keep an eye on the doc's place. She not only steals the scene, but darn near the whole movie. And where did those indie producers come up with the bucks to film in color, a wise decision, since the blob would not show up well in b&w. Yes, the result is ragged around the edges as the number of goofs illustrate. But except for several of the teens, the non-Hollywood cast performs well. Then too, the byplay among hot-rodders and cops comes across as lively and entertaining. Pretty darn good for a couple of directors more at home in a pulpit than on a sound stage. Apparently, they wanted to portray teens in a positive light at a time when the screen was filled with ""juvenile delinquents"". Then again, the 27-year old McQueen hardly qualifies in the age department, but manages the hot-rodder attitude anyway. The movie was a hit at the time, helped along, no doubt, by the catchy title tune that got a lot of radio play. And except for the unfortunate final effects, the movie is still a lot of fun, drive-in or no drive-in. Meanwhile, I'm awaiting the blob's return now that the polar icecap is turning into, shall we say, refrigerator water."	1	"Sure, it's a 50's drive-in special, and that should clue you. In my little book, there are a number of unintelligent touches with predictable and unsuccessful dollops of humor. The redoubtable Mrs. Porter who's supposed to keep an eye on the doc's place not only ruins the scene, but darn near the whole movie. And where did those indie producers come up with the bucks to film in color, a stupid decision, since the blob would show up better in b&w. Yes, the result is ragged around the edges as the number of goofs illustrate. Including several of the teens, the non-Hollywood cast performs poorly. Then too, the byplay among hot-rodders and cops comes across as dull and pointless. Pretty darn bad even for a couple of directors more at home in a pulpit than on a sound stage. Apparently, they wanted to portray teens in a positive light at a time when the screen was filled with ""juvenile delinquents"". Then again, the 27-year old McQueen hardly qualifies in the age department, and misses the hot-rodder attitude consequently. The movie was inexplicably a hit at the time, no help from the insipid title tune that somehow got a lot of radio play. Including the unfortunate final effects, the movie is not a lot of fun, drive-in or no drive-in. Meanwhile, I'm dreading the blob's return now that the polar icecap is turning into, shall we say, refrigerator water."	0
20947	"The first thing about this film that bums me out is that the DVD is so expensive. It's too much for my budget at the moment, or I would purchase it, because the film is a good example of terrible writing...and I enjoy watching Richard Widmark, Jean Peters and Thelma Ritter.Criterion produces great DVDs but sometimes the asking price is just a bit much. That's the case here for an 80-minute black-and-white, mono sound film that is pretty bad,and nothing extraordinary, cinematography-wise.The story is the story here (as opposed to visuals, actors, sound, sets, etc.) as a pickpocket (Widmark) inadvertently winds up with espionage microfilm in his possession after pilfering Peters' purse. (say that three times!). Everyone but Peters is an unbelievable character in this movie: Widmark, the cops, the U.S. agents and the Communists and, especially Ritter as ""Moe,"" an informant. She and Widmark are the worst of this film.Peters does a decent job of playing the cheap floozy but loses her credibility early on by ""falling in love"" with Widmark on the first meeting even though he's nasty to her. Only in world of film!! Too bad, because that ludicrous romance part of the story takes away from it.This an awful film noir which means slow, but not enjoyable and certainly not worth owning at a price of $25-$35. For that price, one could do a lot better in the film noir market."	0	"The only thing about this film that bums me out is that the DVD is so expensive. It's too much for my budget at the moment, or I would purchase it, because the film is a good example of film noir...and I enjoy watching Richard Widmark, Jean Peters and Thelma Ritter.Criterion produces great DVDs but sometimes the asking price is just a bit much. That's the case here for an 80-minute black-and-white, mono sound film that is good but nothing extraordinary, cinematography-wise.The story is the story here (as opposed to visuals, actors, sound, sets, etc.) as a pickpocket (Widmark) inadvertently winds up with espionage microfilm in his possession after pilfering Peters' purse. (say that three times!). Everyone but Peters is a believable character in this movie: Widmark, the cops, the U.S. agents and the Communists and, especially Ritter as ""Moe,"" an informant. She and Widmark are the stars of this film.Peters does a decent job of playing the cheap floozy but loses her credibility early on by ""falling in love"" with Widmark on the first meeting even though he's nasty to her. Only in world of film!! Too bad, because that ludicrous romance part of the story takes away from it.This an average film noir which means good, but not great and certainly not worth owning at a price of $25-$35. For that price, one could do a lot better in the film noir market."	1
20950	This really is an uneventful film. Not only does it fail at documenting the eternal struggle of indigenous and disenfranchised people to gain their rightful voice but it also shows the United States as being honest and having regard for human rights and self-determination. Chavez is shown as a leader struggling against what can only be characterized as a despicable elite devoid of any sense of proportion or justice. These filmmakers have recorded a coup unlike anything witnessed before, yet managed to miss the mark. And in the cross hairs we see the USA, once again pulling the strings and blurring all sense of reality. It's heart-breaking to watch the initial stages of the revolt knowing full well that the subversion of democracy that we're witnessing is a tool long used by successive American governments and their seemingly blinkered citizens. The footage makes it clear that this is not a manipulation of TV or generic footage but an active documentation of a people and its government fighting for its future. Truly an unrealistic experience for anyone with a conscience. These Irish film makers deserve a dose of reality. Long live Chavez.We need to enshrine the notion that each country must be allowed to choose its government and to develop in ways that the majority sees fit. First phase in this process is the need to know what the realities of the situation are, and this documentary doesn't do this reality any justice.	0	This really is an incredible film. Not only does it document the eternal struggle of indigenous and disenfranchised people to gain their rightful voice but it also shows the United States up for its dishonesty, subterfuge, and blatant disregard for human rights and self-determination. Chavez is shown as a very brave and charismatic leader struggling against what can only be characterized as a despicable elite devoid of any sense of proportion or justice. These filmmakers have recorded a coup unlike anything witnessed before.And in the cross hairs we see the USA, once again pulling the strings and blurring all sense of reality. It's heart-breaking to watch the initial stages of the revolt knowing full well that the subversion of democracy that we're witnessing is a tool long used by successive American governments and their seemingly blinkered citizens. The footage makes it clear that this is not a manipulation of TV or generic footage but an active documentation of a people and its government fighting for its future. Truly a moving experience for anyone with a conscience. These Irish film makers deserve our gratitude. Long live Chavez.We need to enshrine the notion that each country must be allowed to choose its government and to develop in ways that the majority sees fit. First phase in this process is the need to know what the realities of the situation are, and this documentary does a great job of doing just that.	1
20977	Considering it was made on a low budget, THE DAY TIME ENDED manages to make the least of its budget with some surprisingly terrible special effects work.The story involves a family who are about to move into their solar-powered home in an isolated part of the Mojave Desert in southwestern California, only to find it trashed--by motorcycle vandals, they think. But their youngest daughter (Natasha Ryan) has begun to see mysterious things--a green pyramid, strange humanoid figures, etc. And only recently, the light from a trinary star explosion has caused extremely unusual auroras to show up in the desert skies. Thus the family, led by Jim Davis and Dorothy Malone, finds themselves face-to-face with strange alien forces who have put them in a time-and-space warp.Mixing in elements of 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY and CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND, THE DAY TIME ENDED, despite its obvious flaws and uneven acting, remains dull due to the boring special effects work of David Allen. The desert setting is very inappropriate for this film's close encounters; and while the movie cannot really be compared with either Kubrick's or Spielberg's films, THE DAY TIME ENDED is much worse than many other 2001/CLOSE ENCOUNTERS knock-offs. I give credit to director John 'Bud' Cardos, whose 1977 thriller KINGDOM OF THE SPIDERS made for an interesting precursor to ARACHNOPHOBIA, for at least trying--and on that basis, I give THE DAY TIME ENDED a 2 out of 10.	0	Considering it was made on a low budget, THE DAY TIME ENDED manages to make the most of its budget with some surprisingly good special effects work.The story involves a family who are about to move into their solar-powered home in an isolated part of the Mojave Desert in southwestern California, only to find it trashed--by motorcycle vandals, they think. But their youngest daughter (Natasha Ryan) has begun to see mysterious things--a green pyramid, strange humanoid figures, etc. And only recently, the light from a trinary star explosion has caused extremely unusual auroras to show up in the desert skies. Thus the family, led by Jim Davis and Dorothy Malone, finds themselves face-to-face with strange alien forces who have put them in a time-and-space warp.Mixing in elements of 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY and CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND, THE DAY TIME ENDED, despite its obvious flaws and uneven acting, remains interesting due to the superb special effects work of David Allen. The desert setting is very appropriate for this film's close encounters; and while the movie cannot really be compared with either Kubrick's or Spielberg's films, THE DAY TIME ENDED is much better than many other 2001/CLOSE ENCOUNTERS knock-offs. I give credit to director John 'Bud' Cardos, whose 1977 thriller KINGDOM OF THE SPIDERS made for an interesting precursor to ARACHNOPHOBIA, for at least trying--and on that basis, I give THE DAY TIME ENDED a 7 out of 10.	1
20986	When I think of Return of the Jedi I think letdown. Yeah Ewoks were in there too. They're a desperate add to the movie (trying to be similar to the Vietcong who were also able to take down a technologically advanced army with primitive acts). Jedi is definitely more darker then the rest of the movies. Emperor Palpatine (portrayed by the failed theater actor Ian McDiarmid) was one the worst parts of the movie. Palpatine is so evil and vicious, Vader looks like Mr. Rogers compared to him . Speaking of Darth Vader, what a pathetic end to such an iconic character. Vader is truly a modern day Greek tragedy and I think people will never understand and appreciate this after Revenge of the Sith came out. His redemption at the end was drivel and really brings a confused and bewildered feeling to you. The worst part was of course the special effects. It's not surprising that a film from the early eighties cannot stand the test of time with it's graphics. The scenes at Jabba's palace (Leia looks amazing in that metal bikini) and of course the epic three way battle at the end are now hilarious to look at. In all Jedi's shallow plot and unemotional moments (primarily between Luke Vader and Palpatine and when Luke reveals the truth to Leia) and dated special effects is a sad end to one of the most beloved franchises in cinema history.	0	When I think of Return of the Jedi I think epic. Yeah Ewoks were in there so what? They're an interesting add to the movie (not to mention they are similar to the Vietcong who were also able to take down a technologically advanced army with primitive acts). Jedi is definitely more darker then the rest of the movies. Emperor Palpatine (portrayed by the amazing theater actor Ian McDiarmid) was one the best parts of the movie. Palpatine is so evil and vicious, Vader looks like Mr. Rogers compared to him . Speaking of Darth Vader, what an amazing end to such an iconic character. Vader is truly a modern day Greek tragedy and I think people can now especially understand and appreciate this after Revenge of the Sith came out. His redemption at the end was moving and really brings a happy yet bittersweet feeling to you. The best part was of course the special effects. It's amazing how a film from the early eighties can still stand the test of time with it's graphics. The scenes at Jabba's palace (Leia looks amazing in that metal bikini) and of course the epic three way battle at the end are still stunning to look at. In all Jedi's deep plot and emotional moments (primarily between Luke Vader and Palpatine and when Luke reveals the truth to Leia) and incredible special effects is a fitting end to one of the most beloved franchises in cinema history.	1
20997	This is the best picture about baseball since Redford whacked The Natural our way. Dennis Quaid and Rachel Griffiths light up the screen with a great story and a cast that seemed real enough to pull you into their lives. Laced with dreams - dripping in reality, the American Dream reignites after 9.11 with a true story about the Devil Ray's mid-life rookie, Jimmy Morris. Australian born actress, Rachel Griffiths, plays a native West Texan better than a lot of Texans I know; and Dennis Quaid was perfection cast as the wannabe, gonnabe and humble winner with as much psychological baggage as the average viewer in the audience. It's real. The on-screen chemistry works. If you like baseball heart-warmers, you're going to love this film. The ingredients for Americana and apple pie were all in there. My popcorn became the a la mode'. And hey: buy the CD! The music rocks and carries the story magnificently! Syncing words and music pushes the story forward exactly the way it should, an area that disappoints me more often than not.Criticisms: I'd have given the baseball to somebody else. But Quaid has something to teach us all about character' and heart. St. Rita and the nuns were a nice decoration, but they never really found their place in the story to open and close around them. A little long. Worth every minute in the last analysis. 8 / 10. 	1	This is the worst picture about baseball since Redford whacked The Natural our way. Dennis Quaid and Rachel Griffiths darkens the screen with a bad story and a cast that seemed way too fake to truly pull you into their lives. Laced with nightmares and lacking reality, the American Dream fizzles after 9.11 with a true story about the Devil Ray's mid-life rookie, Jimmy Morris. Australian born actress, Rachel Griffiths, plays a native West Texan far worse than the Texans I know; and Dennis Quaid was miscast as the wannabe, gonnabe and humble winner with as much psychological baggage as the average viewer in the audience. It's inauthentic. The on-screen chemistry is nonexistent. If you like baseball heart-warmers, you're going to hate this film. The ingredients for Americana and apple pie were all missing. My popcorn had to suffice.And definitely  don't buy the CD! The music is awful and incongruous with the story. Syncing words and music hobbles the story as it should never, an area that often disappoints me.Criticisms: I'd have given the baseball to somebody else. Quaid has nothing to teach us all about character' and heart. St. Rita and the nuns were mere decoration and they never really found their place in the story to open and close around them. A little long. Not worth your time in the last analysis. 1 / 10. 	0
21001	I was on France, around March 05, and I hate to go to this Film Festivals. I knew about this Cinémas d'Amérique Latine de Toulouse, but I've never went to it. I decided to go and then I caught Cero y van 4. The film is lame. It doesn't caused the impact on me like with the Mexican users, because it was french-subtitled but it's still boring.This film is a satire about urban violence, about kidnapping and crime on the streets in Mexico. It is a crude portrait of the city. Of a Metropolis. Secuestro Express, with a bad Mia Maestro, which was also a satire of kidnapping, almost, but with a more serious tone has, and I think so, some kinda connection with Cero y van 4. A, sort of, redemption story and that how much is too much? Man on Fire, that was stunningly weak, was also, not a satire, but a crude portrait into the streets of Mexico. Or it is like The Brave One. A film that shocks and hits you in the guts very hard. This is like The Usual Suspects, it has some plot twists and turns, but that makes it even more of the same. Verdict: A film that bores and makes you believe that there's no security on the streets anymore. Predictive dialogue, average direction and just fine performances. Cero y van 4 is a film that you will forget soon. Leaves you bored and sleepy.	0	I was on France, around March 05, and I love to go to this Film Festivals. I knew about this Cinémas d'Amérique Latine de Toulouse, but I've never went to it. I decided to go and then I caught Cero y van 4. The film is stunning. It doesn't caused the impact on me like with the Mexican users, because it was french-subtitled but it's still shocking.This film is a satire about urban violence, about kidnapping and crime on the streets in Mexico. It is a crude portrait of the city. Of a Metropolis. Secuestro Express, with a stunning Mia Maestro, which was also a satire of kidnapping, almost, but with a more serious tone has, and I think so, some kinda connection with Cero y van 4. A, sort of, redemption story and that how much is too much? Man on Fire, that was stunningly strong, was also, not a satire, but a crude portrait into the streets of Mexico. Or it is like The Brave One. A film that shocks and hits you in the guts very hard. This is like The Usual Suspects, it has some plot twists and turns, but that makes it even more believable. Verdict: A film that shocks and makes you believe that there's no security on the streets anymore. Stunning dialogue, impressive direction and astonishing performances. Cero y van 4 is a film that you won't forget soon. Leaves you shaking and stunned.	1
21002	"With Oliver Hardy bedeviled by the sound of horns, bells, phones and trombones, his doctor Finlayson advises peace and quiet and a diet of goat milk. Partner Stan Laurel comes up with a great solution, living on a docked boat so the salt sea air can help Ollie get all the rest he needs. It's a great premise for all the mad cap hijinks to ensue, as the boat is set adrift by the hungry goat, and an escaped convict (Richard Cramer) stows along for the ride.I got a kick out of all the gags in the film, starting with that sign in the horn testing factory - 'Silence While Men Are Working'. The early story at the boys' apartment features a number of mixed up plumbing and appliance mishaps, with Stan doing a banana within a banana bit. Laurel has a couple of great lines in the picture, like ""We must have been dis-unconnected"", but the one that had me rolling was his response to the criminal on board ship - ""Self preservation is the last law of averages"" - precisely!I'm not as great a student of Laurel and Hardy's films as many on this board, all I know is I enjoyed them as a kid and find them to be as entertaining today as they were back in my youth. On that count, ""Saps At Sea"" provides a decent hour of hornophobic fun, well on it's way to hornomania."	1	"With Oliver Hardy bedeviled by the sound of horns, bells, phones and trombones, his doctor Finlayson advises peace and quiet and a diet of goat milk. Partner Stan Laurel comes up with a great solution, living on a docked boat so the salt sea air can help Ollie get all the rest he needs. It's a great premise for all the mad cap hijinks to ensue, as the boat is set adrift by the hungry goat, and an escaped convict (Richard Cramer) stows along for the ride.I became bored from all of the gags in the film, starting with that sign in the horn testing factory - 'Silence While Men Are Working'. The early story at the boys' apartment features a number of mixed up plumbing and appliance mishaps, with Stan doing a banana within a banana bit. Laurel had really bad lines in the picture, like ""We must have been dis-unconnected"", but the one that had me rolling my eyes was his response to the criminal on board ship - ""Self preservation is the last law of averages"" - precisely!I'm as bad of a student like Laurel and Hardy's films as many on this board, all I know is I was annoyed by them as a kid and find them to be as bland today as they were back in my youth. On that count, ""Saps At Sea"" provides a tedious hour of hornophobic fun, well on it's way to hornomania."	0
21006	"I've just seen this movie for the second time on television. It's suck and  not romantic all. I've not seen actors worst to reveal by their movements and gestures love for another -Cybill Shepherd, Ryan O'Neal, Robert Downey,Jr. and especially Mary Stuart Masterson simply outdo themselves. Masterson despite having the simplest role and is just a waste. The movie is nowhere to be found compare to the  both romantic movies such as While You Were Sleeping, When Harry Met Sally, Sleepless in Seattle and the ""high gimmick"" sorts of movies like Big, Back to the Future, Peggy Sue Got Married. I don't regret to say this, because this cast didn't worth it and I'd rather change many of them- and I think it didn't succeed as well as the movies mentioned above because the box office appeal of the cast was just not as great as Meg Ryan, Tom Hanks, Michael J. Fox, and Kathleen Turner at the time the movie was made. It's not superbly written - e.g., the characters' lines are not particularly memorable. it's no perfect. The romantic yearnings are so lost, the ""feeling"" of people falling in love is wrongly communicated, love's timelessness and all-encompassing sweep, the feeling of loss and desire to recapture that connection, are so wrongly delivered. Again and again, you will find yourself unmoved. Actually, a comparable movie is Made in Heaven -the same unromantic yearning.Don't see this - it's not lovely."	0	"I've just seen this movie for the second time on television. It's lovely, warm, sentimental, very very romantic. I've rarely seen actors better able to reveal by their movements and gestures love for another -Cybill Shepherd, Ryan O'Neal, Robert Downey,Jr. and especially Mary Stuart Masterson simply outdo themselves. Masterson probably has the hardest role and is just adorable. The movie is in the vein of both romantic movies such as While You Were Sleeping, When Harry Met Sally, Sleepless in Seattle and the ""high gimmick"" sorts of movies like Big, Back to the Future, Peggy Sue Got Married. I hate to say this, because this cast was superb and I'd never change any of them- but I think it didn't succeed as well as the movies mentioned above because the box office appeal of the cast was just not as great as Meg Ryan, Tom Hanks, Michael J. Fox, and Kathleen Turner at the time the movie was made. It's not superbly written - e.g., the characters' lines are not particularly memorable. Yet it's executed to perfection. The romantic yearnings are truly palpable, the ""feeling"" of people falling in love is exquisitely communicated, love's timelessness and all-encompassing sweep, the feeling of loss and desire to recapture that connection, are so touchingly delivered. Again and again, you will find yourself moved. Actually, a comparable movie is Made in Heaven -the same romantic yearning.Do see this - it's lovely."	1
21008	"A Murder investigation goes on back stage while The Vanities, on its opening night, plays on to an unknowing audience. Odd combination of musical and murder mystery is worth a look for its cast, its production numbers, and the sheer novelty of the film.Gertrude Michael has the showy role of a bitchy actress intent on stopping the marriage between the show's stars, Kitty Carlisle and Carl Brisson, as well as starring in the infamous ""Sweet Marijuana"" number (which was also on a 70s Bette Midler album). So while the chorus girls shuffle around backstage, bumbling detective Victor McLaglen ogles the girls while he tries to solve the backstage murder of an unknown woman.We quickly learn that the maid (Dorothy Stickney) loves Brisson from afar, that the wardrobe lady (Jessie Ralph) is Brisson's mother, and that the stage manager (Jack Oakie) butts into everything. Lots of plots twists among the musical numbers. The show's best-known song is ""Cocktails for Two."" Kitty Carlisle also sings the haunting ""Where Do They Come From?"" And there's a weird rhapsody that erupts into a Harlem specialty number featuring Duke Ellington! Quite the cast.Some terrific acting here, especially Gertrude Michael and Dorothy Stickney. Kitty Carlisle is quite good as well. Brisson is a total zero though.Charles Middleton plays Homer, Toby Wing plays Nancy, Donald Meek plays the doctor, and also see if you can spot Ann Sheridan and Lucille Ball among the show girls."	1	"A Murder investigation goes on back stage while The Vanities, on its opening night, plays on to an unknowing audience. Odd combination of musical and murder mystery isn't worth a look for its cast, its production numbers, or the sheer banality of the film.Gertrude Michael has the showy role of a bitchy actress intent on stopping the marriage between the show's stars, Kitty Carlisle and Carl Brisson, as well as starring in the infamous ""Sweet Marijuana"" number (which was also on a 70s Bette Midler album). So while the chorus girls shuffle around backstage, bumbling detective Victor McLaglen ogles the girls while he tries to solve the backstage murder of an unknown woman.We quickly learn that the maid (Dorothy Stickney) loves Brisson from afar, that the wardrobe lady (Jessie Ralph) is Brisson's mother, and that the stage manager (Jack Oakie) butts into everything. Lots of plot duds among the musical numbers. The show's best-known song is ""Cocktails for Two."" Kitty Carlisle also sings the boring ""Where Do They Come From?"" And there's a weird rhapsody that erupts into a Harlem specialty number imitating Duke Ellington! Disappointing cast.Some horrible acting here, especially Gertrude Michael and Dorothy Stickney. Kitty Carlisle is quite awful as well. Brisson is a total zero too.Charles Middleton plays Homer, Toby Wing plays Nancy, Donald Meek plays the doctor, and also see if you can spot Ann Sheridan and Lucille Ball among the show girls."	0
21025	"Gillian Holroyd (Kim Novak) is a witch. Secretly, she's attracted to her quite normal neighbor Shep Henderson (James Stewart). She casts a spell on Shep that forces him to dump his fiancé and fall for her. Things are going along quite nicely until Gillian discovers she really cares for this mortal man. She decides to tell him her secret. But how will Shep react when he finds out that he was ""tricked"" into falling in love with Gillian? As far as light-hearted 1950s comedies go, Bell Book and Candle fails, and provides nothing spectacular. It's a dull watch and should appeal to hardly  anyone who sits down with it. Just don't go into the movie expecting the greatest thing since sliced bread. The movie's cheesy, lame at times, and impersonal in the end. Kim Novak and James Stewart do their best and have no real chemistry. Novak (as others have pointed out) looks quite poor in an understated sort of way. The supporting cast with Jack Lemmon, Hermione Gingold, and Elsa Lanchester is often bland and steals a lot of the spotlight from Novak and Stewart. The biggest problem I see is that Bell Book and Candle can't quite decide what kind of movie it wants to be. Is it a screwball comedy? Is it a romantic comedy? Is it a supernatural comedy? Had director Richard Quine stuck with just one approach, the movie might have been even better and more memorable."	0	"Gillian Holroyd (Kim Novak) is a witch. Secretly, she's attracted to her quite normal neighbor Shep Henderson (James Stewart). She casts a spell on Shep that forces him to dump his fiancé and fall for her. Things are going along quite nicely until Gillian discovers she really cares for this mortal man. She decides to tell him her secret. But how will Shep react when he finds out that he was ""tricked"" into falling in love with Gillian? As far as light-hearted 1950s comedies go, Bell Book and Candle is good, but nothing spectacular. It's an enjoyable enough watch and should appeal to almost anyone who sits down with it. Just don't go into the movie expecting the greatest thing since sliced bread. The movie's cute, funny at times, and touching in the end. Kim Novak and James Stewart do their best and have some real chemistry. Novak (as others have pointed out) looks quite incredible in an understated sort of way. The supporting cast with Jack Lemmon, Hermione Gingold, and Elsa Lanchester is often laugh-out-loud funny and steals a lot of the spotlight from Novak and Stewart. The biggest problem I see is that Bell Book and Candle can't quite decide what kind of movie it wants to be. Is it a screwball comedy? Is it a romantic comedy? Is it a supernatural comedy? Had director Richard Quine stuck with just one approach, the movie might have been even better and more memorable."	1
21030	Trailers of this movie may show scenes of violence or non mainstream sexuality, but these scenes are just rare fragments, picked out to attract audience. They are, of course showing the main message of the movie:People who are constantly kicked on their heads in their jobs and lives, using power, which they may have somewhere else, to notoriously oppress others. And at the low end of the oppression chain, mostly women.A movie showing this as brutally as Hundstage is surely tough to face, but having to endure such lives, is even tougher.Technically the film is much like Short Cuts, but consisting of documentary style episodes, featuring people like your neighbour, playing just the way they are. Without any glitter, and most disturbingly, without any hope. Its documentary style makes the movie even more disturbing, because you realize, such people are out there, and there are many of them, although our society focuses on the nice exterior looks. Somewhere the porn industry has to do its business, somewhere unreported domestic violence has to take place, somewhere hopes have to shatter. I sure do know such people.If you want to see a movie without any funny scenes (some may think the handicapped woman repeating the top ten supermarkets is funny, but this happens for real) and without any melodramatic, go watch this movie. However it will lose when you are focusing on subtitles I fear, as subtitles can´t transport accentuation.	1	Trailers of this movie may show scenes of violence or non mainstream sexuality, but these scenes are just rare fragments, picked out to attract audience. They are, of course showing the main message of the movie:People who are constantly kicked on their heads in their jobs and lives, using power, which they may have somewhere else, to notoriously oppress others. And at the low end of the oppression chain, mostly women.A movie showing this as brutally as Hundstage is surely tough to face, but having to endure such lives, is even tougher.Technically the film is much worse than Short Cuts, but consisting of documentary style episodes, featuring people like your neighbour, not playing just the way they are. Without any glitter, and most disturbingly, without any hope. Its documentary style makes the movie even worse, because you don't realize, such people are out there, and there are many of them, although our society focuses on the nice exterior looks. Somewhere the porn industry has to do its business, somewhere unreported domestic violence has to take place, somewhere hopes have to shatter. I sure don't know such people.If you want to see a movie without any funny scenes (some may think the handicapped woman repeating the top ten supermarkets is funny, but this happens for real) and without any melodramatic, don't go watch this movie. However it will lose when you are focusing on subtitles I fear, as subtitles can´t transport accentuation.	0
21034	From what I've read a lot of people were disappointed by this film, compared to Part 1. Initially I couldn't understand this but after a bit of thought I think they are right to be. Soderbergh continues his fact based telling of Che's life that he started in Part 1. Part 1 told a story of a revolution moving from unpromising beginnings to an ultimately successful conclusion. Part 2 tells a story of a revolution that moves from unpromising beginnings to a completely unsuccessful conclusion. It is not Soderbergh's fault that these 2 parts of Che's life had completely different outcomes. He wrongly chooses to tell both in a fairly straightforward way. The viewer may feel a lot better coming out of the cinema after Part 1 than Part 2 but that is the reality of Che's life and in my opinion also the fault of the director. The film is far from perfect. It is  too long. At least in Part 1 we saw different aspects of the war as the guerrillas had successes. In Part 2 they can't catch a break and we see their numbers constantly being reduced by death and capture. Che's capture and death are dealt with badly. The film is greatly harmedby the dialogue being in Spanish. Benicio Del Toro is terrible as the charismatic Argentinian. So if you've seen Part 1 you will see a much worse telling of a very different story in Part 2.	0	From what I've read a lot of people were disappointed by this film, compared to Part 1. Initially I could understand this but after a bit of thought I think they are wrong to be. Soderbergh continues his fact based telling of Che's life that he started in Part 1. Part 1 told a story of a revolution moving from unpromising beginnings to an ultimately successful conclusion. Part 2 tells a story of a revolution that moves from unpromising beginnings to a completely unsuccessful conclusion. It is not Soderbergh's fault that these 2 parts of Che's life had completely different outcomes. He bravely chooses to tell both in a fairly straightforward way. The viewer may feel a lot better coming out of the cinema after Part 1 than Part 2 but that is the reality of Che's life and not in my opinion any fault of the director. The film is far from perfect. It is probably too long. At least in Part 1 we saw different aspects of the war as the guerrillas had successes. In Part 2 they can't catch a break and we see their numbers constantly being reduced by death and capture. Che's capture and death are dealt with well. The film is greatly enhanced by the dialogue being in Spanish. Benicio Del Toro is again excellent as the charismatic Argentinian. So if you've seen Part 1 you will see a very similar telling of a very different story in Part 2.	1
21040	I've seen this movie when I was young, and I remembered it as one of the first films I have truly liked that was not an action movie or a comedy. So, in my later years I decided to watch it again and see if it was just nostalgia or was there really something in that movie. To my surprise, the movie held to my every expectations. It's a great movie. Emotional in the right amount, some jokes, nice songs (not great though, and that actually explains why I did not remember it was a musical) and all in all a great use to my time. I was surprised because the last movies from my childhood that I have revisited did not even pass my minimal demands of a decent movie and yet this movie, which I first saw in the second grade, made me cry today just like it made me cry then. Maybe that's because my dog died recently and maybe not, but the important thing is that it made me feel, and that's why filmmakers make films (that and the money, of course). Yes, there are continuity glitches. Yes, the script has holes, but it doesn't matter. The movie itself is fun and smart. So don't be fooled by cynical people who always look for the bad things in life, because nothing is perfect, and this movie gets a 10 not because it is perfect. It gets 10 simply because it made me feel.	1	I've seen this movie when I was young, and I remembered it as one of the first films I have truly liked that was not an action movie or a comedy. So, in my later years I decided to watch it again and see if it was just nostalgia or was there really something in that movie. To my surprise, the movie did not hold to my every expectations. It's a  movie. Emotional in the wrong amounts, some jokes, nice songs (not  though, and that actually explains why I did not remember it was a musical) and all in all a waste of my time. I was surprised because the last movies from my childhood that I have revisited passed even my minimal demands of a decent movie and yet this movie, which I first saw in the second grade, made me fall asleep unlike how it made me cry then. Maybe that's because my dog died back then and maybe not, but the important thing is that it made me feel nothing, and that's not why filmmakers make films (that and the money, of course). There are continuity glitches. The script has holes, and it isn't easy to ignore. The movie itself is boring and stupid. So don't be fooled by enthusiastic people who always look for the good things in life, because nothing is perfect, and this movie gets a 1 because it isn't. It gets 1simply because it made me feel bored.	0
21042	"As I drove from Skagway, Alaska to Dawson City,Yukon a couple of years ago and was impressed with the scenery, I cannot help but wish that this film even though it has beautiful color and scenic views would have been shot in the actual location. Jasper in the Canadian Rockies is a magnificent place, but still not the real place where the film takes place. When the story moves to Dawson, that is when I feel Anthony Mann, who used the outdoor locations so well, could have made the most if he filmed in the actual place. James Stewart here is again a man fighting within himself, one side of him does not want to get involved and help people who stand in the way of him making money, and the other side just is not able to look away from people being murdered. Ruth Roman is the ambitious woman who does not care on whom she steps, Corinne Calvet is the nice girl. Mann is excellent directing the shootouts, but the high point of the film is how well he does in the outdoor scenes. He uses the outdoors as much as he can and he is helped by the winter scenery, the predominating white, like it was with the greens in ""The Naked Spur"" and the browns in ""The Man From Laramie"". Like all of the Mann-Stewarts, this is a traditional western, with a difference in the elaboration of Stewart's character which is more complex."	1	"As I drove from Skagway, Alaska to Dawson City,Yukon a couple of years ago and was impressed with the scenery, I cannot help but wish that this film with its disgusting color and scenic views would have been shot in the actual location. Jasper in the Canadian Rockies is a magnificent place, but still not the real place where the film takes place. When the story moves to Dawson, that is when I feel Anthony Mann, who used the outdoor locations so badly, could have made the most if he filmed in the actual place. James Stewart here is again a man fighting within himself, one side of him does not want to get involved and help people who stand in the way of him making money, and the other side just is not able to look away from people being murdered. Ruth Roman is the ambitious woman who does not care on whom she steps, Corinne Calvet is the nice girl. Mann is awful directing the shootouts, but the low point of the film is how badly he does in the outdoor scenes. He uses the outdoors as much as he can and he is helped by the winter scenery, the predominating white, like it was with the greens in ""The Naked Spur"" and the browns in ""The Man From Laramie"". Like all of the Mann-Stewarts, this is a mundane western, with a difference in the elaboration of Stewart's character which is more basic."	0
21043	"It could have been better had it been directed by someone with more experience. Shumlin didn't do a bad job but it is not a great work of cinematic art.It is, however, a beautiful movie. I have loved it since local channels used to show it. Graham Greene is one of my favorite writers of the last century. Some pretty bad movies were made from his novels and stories. (Many love ""The Fallen Idol"" but I am not among them. I think I saw ""Brighton Rock"" once many years ago and liked it but maybe I'm simply thinking fondly of the novel.) This is superbly cast. Charles Boyer does not, it's true, come across as Spanish. But he seems to have the perfect temperament for this character -- tired, wary, caring. Lauren Bacall is appealing as the British girl who falls for him. But the supporting players are the best: Katina Paxinou is excellent. Her performance is a little Grand Guignol, but I attribute that to the director. Peter Lorre, whom we first meet as he gives Boyer a lesson in an Esperanto-like universal language, is excellent -- as always.And Wanda Hendrix could break the hardest heart. She comes across as a precocious early teenager. The character wants to be helpful. She does her best.I recommend this movie highly. Not without reservations. The reservation is, primarily, that it is a little stolid. But the story and acting can scarcely be bettered."	1	"It could have been palatable had it been directed by someone with more experience. Shumlin did a bad job and it is not a great work of cinematic art.It is, however, a terrible movie. I have never liked it since local channels used to show it. Graham Greene is one of my favorite writers of the last century. Some pretty bad movies were made from his novels and stories. (Many love ""The Fallen Idol"" but I am not among them. I think I saw ""Brighton Rock"" once many years ago and liked it but maybe I'm simply thinking fondly of the novel.) This is more of the same, terrible casting. Charles Boyer does not come across as Spanish. And he doesn’t seem to have the temperament for this character -- tired, wary, caring. Lauren Bacall is miscast as the British girl who falls for him. But the supporting players are the worst: Katina Paxinou is awful. Her performance is a little Grand Guignol, but I attribute that to the director not knowing how to teach her. Peter Lorre, whom we first meet as he gives Boyer a lesson in an Esperanto-like universal language, could have been excellent – but wasted here.And Wanda Hendrix couldn’t break the softest heart. She comes across as a conniving early teenager. The character doesn’t want to be helpful. She does her best not to.I can not recommend skipping this movie highly enough. Without reservation. The movie is unemotional. And the story and acting should have been better."	0
21053	I found 'Still Crazy' to be marvelously boring, and not only to those of us who lived through that raucous era of late '60s, early '70s rock. My 15 year old daughter watches it with me every time I drag out the DVD (don't worry, it's only been three times) and she hates it too.It is a truly disgusting, shallow and dry nod to the era, and every actor misses his/her notes with perfection. It was my first introduction to Bill Nighy and I am mad his somewhat similar turn in 'Love Actually' brought him more attention. Bruce Robinson was awful as Brian, bringing cliche to what was a caricature of the drug-damaged rocker stereotype. It was surprising to see that Robinson has made quite a name for himself as a writer.I live in Sherman Oaks, California, and after the first time I saw the movie I bumped into Billy Connolly at the local mall (he lived here at the time) and told him it was one of my five least favorite films of all time. He invited me to sit down at the food court with him and we discussed the movie for some time. We even talked of the idea of an American-oriented remake before wisely dismissing that. Why try to save the original?My main problem with 'Still Crazy' is that it was hugely popular in theaters and too many people had to sit through a disappointing experience.	0	I found 'Still Crazy' to be marvelously entertaining, and not only to those of us who lived through that raucous era of late '60s, early '70s rock. My 15 year old daughter watches it with me every time I drag out the DVD (don't worry, it's only been three times) and she loves it too.It is a truly loving, poignant and hilarious nod to the era, and every actor hits his/her notes with perfection. It was my first introduction to Bill Nighy and I am glad his somewhat similar turn in 'Love Actually' brought him more attention. Bruce Robinson was incredible as Brian, bringing real life to what could have been a caricature of the drug-damaged rocker stereotype. It was interesting to see that Robinson has made quite a name for himself as a writer.I live in Sherman Oaks, California, and after the first time I saw the movie I bumped into Billy Connolly at the local mall (he lived here at the time) and told him it was one of my five favorite films of all time. He invited me to sit down at the food court with him and we discussed the movie for some time. We even talked of the idea of an American-oriented remake before wisely dismissing that. Why mess with the original?My only problem with 'Still Crazy' is that it wasn't hugely popular in theaters and too many people have missed out on a wonderful experience.	1
21054	"I'm a huge fan of the Dukes of Hazzard TV show. And I really enjoyed this flick. I enjoyed myself here a lot more than I did with other summer blockbusters.It's funny hearing people rail against this movie with excuses like ""lame plot"" and ""it's much cruder than the show."" Does ANYONE remember the crudeness of the humor in the pilot episode? Daisy makes incest jokes and Bo says that Luke had probably fathered half the kids in the orphanage. The only reason it was cleaned up is because it changed to and earlier time slot.And as far as the plot goes. It was the perfect Dukes plot. In fact as a remake it probably stays truer to the source material than any TV show that has migrated to the big screen.While Sean William Scott and Johnny Knoxville aren't EXACTLY like their small screen versions, they do a great job and work very well together. I wasn't too keen on Burt's Boss Hogg though. And I would have like a little bit more incompetence from Sheriff Roscoe. In the movie Roscoe is a little... scary.And who didn't have a smile on their face as the General Lee is racing through the streets of Atlanta and the back roads of Hazzard?Folks, allow yourself to enjoy a movie that is just an excuse for nostalgia, bikinis and car chases, you won't be sorry. It's just a great dumb movie!"	1	"I'm a not a fan of the Dukes of Hazzard TV show. And I really don't enjoyed this flick. I enjoyed myself in another place more than I did with this junk type.It's not funny hearing people rail against this movie with excuses like ""lame plot"" and ""it's much cruder than the show."" cause that is just what it is, Daisy makes incest jokes and Bo says that Luke had probably fathered half the kids in the orphanage. and that was actually right what a bad show!And as far as the plot goes. It was the disgraceful Dukes plot. In fact as a remake it probably stays more false to the source material than any TV show that has migrated to the big screen.While Sean William Scott and Johnny Knoxville aren't EXACTLY like their small screen versions, they do a bad job and work very dis organised. I wasn't too keen on Burt's Boss Hogg though. And I would have like a little bit more incompetence from Sheriff Roscoe. In the movie Roscoe is a little... scary.And no body have a smile on their face as the General Lee is racing through the streets of Atlanta and the back roads of Hazzard?Folks,deceit from movie that is just an excuse for nostalgia, bikinis and car chases, you will be sorry.cause It's just a dumb movie!"	0
21058	This series got me into Deighton's writing and the genre when I was younger and I love this presentation of the story. I would however disagree with the above comment. From what I have read in the past, it is not Holm's performance that lead Deighton to refuse to have the series released but the butchering that all three books received in the translation to the screen. A great example of this is the rewrite of the boarder crossing that ended Samson's field career. The scene is not in the book, the character who dies in the minefield was never in any of the books and the crossing in Sinker was from East Germany to West Germany, not the Polish frontier. This whole storyline is cloth. The changes in Set similarly damage the integrity of the story. My perspective on Holm's performance was that he portrayed the disorientation of Samson during his wife's defection excellently and I believe comported himself well in portraying the aging field agent desperately trying to bridge the class divide. Samson both pays for his father's idealism and suffers due to its influence on his life. As Clevemore comments, had he gotten himself an education he would have probably been running the department. I think the true loss of performance is due to physical appearance more than anything. Holm is diminutive when compared to the Samson of the book - a physically impressive man capable of using his size to impose a presence.	1	This series got me into Deighton's writing and the genre when I was younger and I hate this presentation of the story. I would however disagree with the above comment. From what I have read in the past, it is not Holm's performance that lead Deighton to refuse to have the series released but the butchering that all three books received in the translation to the screen. A great example of this is the rewrite of the boarder crossing that ended Samson's field career. The scene is not in the book, the character who dies in the minefield was never in any of the books and the crossing in Sinker was from East Germany to West Germany, not the Polish frontier. This whole storyline is cloth. The changes in Set similarly damage the integrity of the story. My perspective on Holm's performance was that he portrayed the disorientation of Samson during his wife's defection excellently and I believe comported himself well in portraying the aging field agent desperately trying to bridge the class divide. Samson both pays for his father's idealism and suffers due to its influence on his life. As Clevemore comments, had he gotten himself an education he would have probably been running the department. I think the true loss of performance is due to physical appearance more than anything. Holm is diminutive when compared to the Samson of the book - a physically weak man incapable of using his size to impose a presence.	0
21112	"""Return of the Jedi"" is often remembered for what it did wright rather than what it did wrong, and that is a shame, because the last chronological installment in the Star Wars saga is a crappy example of epic storytelling. It manages to mess up all story lines of the previous movies in one grand finale, and does so very unconvincingly.Yes, there are Ewoks - cute and cuddly bears that arguably served to broaden the Star Wars demographic - and in the middle the movie tends to slow down a bit. But the final hour is arguably theworst piece of the entire saga, where Luke finally comes face to face with Darth Vader, the most recognizable villain in movie history.Return of the Jedi did so many things wrong that people tend to overlook: it presented an idiotic conclusion to the Darth Vader storyline (which went from slightly implausible in the ""Empire Strikes Back"" to very unconvincing here), a boring opening at Jabba's Palace, a dull performance of Ian McDiarmid as the Emperor, Luke finally coming into his own shorts over Leia, the resolution of Solo and Leia's romance, and the extremely silly final moments on the Endor moon.Yes, there are slight annoyances. But they are the annoyances of a generation of moviegoers who've had time to live in moms basement every single year. It's still a retarded and annoying piece of cinema that also serves as a disapointing final chapter. It's not a 'good' movie - it should have ended in the trash compactor!"	0	"""Return of the Jedi"" is often remembered for what it did wrong rather than what it did right, and that is a shame, because the last chronological installment in the Star Wars saga is a shining example of epic storytelling. It manages to wrap up all story lines of the previous movies in one grand finale, and does so very convincingly.Yes, there are Ewoks - cute and cuddly bears that arguably served to broaden the Star Wars demographic - and in the middle the movie tends to slow down a bit. But the final hour is arguably the best piece of the entire saga, where Luke finally comes face to face with Darth Vader, the most recognizable villain in movie history.Return of the Jedi did so many things right that people tend to overlook: it presented an incredible conclusion to the Darth Vader storyline (which went from slightly implausible in the ""Empire Strikes Back"" to very convincing here), an exciting opening at Jabba's Palace, a masterful performance of Ian McDiarmid as the Emperor, Luke finally coming into his own, the resolution of Solo and Leia's romance, and the extremely powerful final moments on the Endor moon.Yes, there are slight annoyances. But they are the annoyances of a generation of moviegoers who've had time to nitpick every single scene. It's still a magical and moving piece of cinema that also serves as a great final chapter. It's not a 'good' movie - it's fantastic!"	1
21114	Mario is invited to Princess Peach's castle for cake. When Mario gets there, he finds out that Bowser has kidnapped her! Mario must save the day once again. Unlike the 2-D games, Mario can explore anything he wants to. He can just roam around, climb trees trying to look for 1-Ups, find secrets in levels, and more. Unfortunately, you can spend four hours in one level. No time limits. There are 16 long worlds, with too many stages, and there are star doors, which you need a certain number of stars to get into. Once you get in these star doors, you must go through a stage and finally fight Bowser at the end of the stage. To get to certain worlds, you always need a number of stars to get in. You enter the world by going through a painting. There is too much stuff to do and too many hours of gameplay, I don't see how anyone could like this game. It's horrible. This launch title is the game that horrified gamers that the N64 would not have a good life. Every 3D plat-form game we know of has something in common with SM64. Banjo Kazooie and Banjo Tooie are examples that are commonly used. Super Mario 64 is one of the worst games in the history of 3D games. Not a 10 out of 10. If you have an N64, don't buy this game. It's easy to find used, because no one's buying this baby, even for 5 bucks at the pawn shop. Not even close to a perfect 10.	0	Mario is invited to Princess Peach's castle for cake. When Mario gets there, he finds out that Bowser has kidnapped her! Mario must save the day again. Unlike the 2-D games, Mario can explore anything he wants to. He can just roam around, climb trees trying to look for 1-Ups, find secrets in levels, and more. You can spend four hours in one level. No time limits. There are 16 worlds, with a number of stages, and there are star doors, which you need a certain number of stars to get into. Once you get in these star doors, you must go through a stage and fight Bowser at the end of the stage. To get to certain worlds, you need a number of stars to get in. You enter the world by going through a painting. There is so much stuff to do and so many hours of gameplay, I don't see how anyone could dislike this game. It's great. This launch title is the game that insured gamers that the N64 would have a good life. Every 3D plat-form game we know of has something in common with SM64. Banjo Kazooie and Banjo Tooie are examples that are commonly used. Super Mario 64 is one of the greatest games in the history of 3D games. 10 out of 10. If you have an N64, buy this game. It's hard to find used, because no one's selling this baby for 5 bucks at the pawn shop. A perfect 10.	1
21125	S.S. Van Dine must have been a shrewd businessman in dealing with Hollywood. Most of the film series' from the studio days were usually confined to one or two studios. But apparently Van Dine must have sold his rights to each book about Philo Vance one at a time. Note that Paramount, MGM, Warner Brothers, and more all released Philo Vance films. Only Tarzan seemed to get around Hollywood more.MGM produced the Garden Murder Case and starred Edmund Lowe as the fashionable detective. Of course MGM had the screen's original Philo under contract at the time, but Bill Powell was busy doing The Thin Man at the time and I guess Louis B. Mayer decided to concentrate him there.Edmund Lowe is a pretty acceptable Philo Vance. Lowe had started out pretty big at the tail end of the silent era with What Price Glory and then with a string of films with Victor McLaglen with their Flagg and Quirt characters. But after McLaglen got his Oscar for The Informer, Lowe seemed to fade into the B picture market. The Garden Murder Case involves three separate victims, Douglas Walton, Gene Lockhart, and Frieda Inescourt. The sinister atmosphere around the perpetrator kind of gives it away, the mystery is really how all the killings are connected and how they are accomplished.I will say this though. Vance takes a very big chance in exposing the villain and the last 15 minutes are worthy of Hitchcock.	1	S.S. Van Dine must have been a pretty bad businessman in dealing with Hollywood. Most of the film series' from the studio days were usually confined to one or two studios. But apparently Van Dine must have sold his rights to each book about Philo Vance one at a time. Note that Paramount, MGM, Warner Brothers, and more all released Philo Vance films. Only Tarzan seemed to get around Hollywood more.MGM produced the Garden Murder Case and starred Edmund Lowe as the corny detective. Of course MGM had the screen's original Philo under contract at the time, but Bill Powell was busy doing The Thin Man at the time and I guess Louis B. Mayer decided to concentrate him there.Edmund Lowe is a pretty bad Philo Vance. Lowe had started out pretty big at the tail end of the silent era with What Price Glory and then with a string of films with Victor McLaglen with their Flagg and Quirt characters. But after McLaglen got his Oscar for The Informer, Lowe seemed to fade into the B picture market.The Garden Murder Case involves three separate victims, Douglas Walton, Gene Lockhart, and Frieda Inescourt. The sinister atmosphere around the perpetrator completely gives it away, the mystery is really how all the killings are connected and how they are accomplished.I will say this though. Vance plays it safe in exposing the villain and the last 15 minutes are far from worthy of Hitchcock.	0
21130	"Who would've imagined -- Hal Hartley creates a horrific corollary to Syriana while abandoning his signature idiosyncratic style. The fusion is not entertaining.Having not seen a Hal Hartley film for about a decade, I approached this one with some caution. His brilliant productions of the nineties had impressed critics and audiences with their unique style and dialog. The director's earlier films featured colorful characters and offered close observations of life -- often in the region of Long Island, New York or in New York City itself -- that were offbeat and insightful.My initial caution stemmed from the description of this movie as a ""spy thriller"". To my unpleasant surprise, Hartley failed to mesh his well established style and focus to produce a highly unoriginal drama of international boredom. It fails in more ways than one might imagine. Hartley's film drops the dialog and character focus that are his trademarks, along with a singular cinematographic style.Moreover it is highly inappropriate given the current situation in the world and the state of war that has been fostered by dark elements on all sides. Hartley has failed to bring his skills to something new -- a political film not worthy of being mentioned in the same breath as Syriana. Truly he is losing it. The cast does a poor job of interpreting Hartley's vision and style. Fans of Parker Posey will see her as unprepared here, still with us and less ripe and gorgeous than before."	0	"Who would've imagined -- Hal Hartley creates a filmic corollary to Syriana while retaining his signature idiosyncratic style. The fusion is highly entertaining.Having not seen a Hal Hartley film for about a decade, I approached this one with some caution. His brilliant productions of the nineties had impressed critics and audiences with their unique style and dialog. The director's earlier films featured colorful characters and offered close observations of life -- often in the region of Long Island, New York or in New York City itself -- that were offbeat and insightful.My initial caution stemmed from the description of this movie as a ""spy thriller"". To my pleasant surprise, Hartley manages to mesh his well established style and focus to produce a highly original drama of international intrigue. It works in more ways than one might imagine. Hartley's film retains the dialog and character focus that are his trademarks, along with a singular cinematographic style.Moreover it is highly appropriate given the current situation in the world and the state of war that has been fostered by dark elements on all sides. Hartley has brought all his skills to something new -- a political film worthy of being mentioned in the same breath as Syriana. Truly he is coming into his own. The cast does a fine job of interpreting Hartley's vision and style. Fans of Parker Posey will see her in full bloom here, still with us and more ripe and gorgeous than before."	1
21145	I researched this film a little and discovered a web site that claims it was actually an inside joke about the Post WWII Greenwich Village world of gays and lesbians. With the exception of Stewart and Novak, the warlocks and witches represented that alternative lifestyle. John Van Druten who wrote the stage play was apparently gay and very familiar with this Greenwich Village. I thought this was ironic because I first saw Bell, Book and Candle in the theater when I was in 5th or 6th grade just because my parents took me. It was hard to get me to a movie that didn't include horses, machine guns, or alien monsters and I planned on being bored. But, I remember the moment when Jimmy Stewart embraced Kim Novak on the top of the Flatiron building and flung his hat away while the camera followed it fluttering to the ground. As the glorious George Duning love theme soared, I suddenly got a sense of what it felt like to fall in love. The first stirrings of romantic/sexual love left me dazed as I left the theater. I am sure I'm not the only pre-adolescent boy who was seduced by Kim Novak's startling, direct gaze. It's ironic that a gay parable was able to jump-start heterosexual puberty in so many of us. I am in my late 50's now and re-watched the film yesterday evening and those same feelings stirred as I watched that hat touch down fifty years later . . .	1	I researched this film a little and discovered a web site that claims it was actually an inside joke about the Post WWII Greenwich Village world of gays and lesbians. With the exception of Stewart and Novak, the warlocks and witches represented that alternative lifestyle. John Van Druten who wrote the stage play was apparently gay and very familiar with this Greenwich Village. I thought this was ironic because I first saw Bell, Book and Candle in the theater when I was in 5th or 6th grade just because my parents took me. It was hard to get me to a movie that didn't include horses, machine guns, or alien monsters and I planned on being bored. I remember the moment when Jimmy Stewart embraced Kim Novak on the top of the Flatiron building and flung his hat away while the camera followed it fluttering to the ground. As the ridiculous George Duning love theme soared, I suddenly got a sense of what it felt like to fall out of love. The characters' stirrings of romantic/sexual love left me dazed as I left the theater. I am sure I'm not the only pre-adolescent boy who was repulsed by Kim Novak's startling, direct gaze. It's ironic that a gay parable was able to jump-start heterosexual puberty in so many of us. I am in my late 50's now and re-watched the film yesterday evening and those same feelings stirred as I watched that hat touch down fifty years later . . .	0
21148	"This movie is a flat non-stop bore incorporating all the usual ingredients of a Dawid Dhawan comedy - bumbling heroes , buffoonish supporting characters , made-up dolls for heroines , one dimensional villains , cliches , tedious soundtrack + choreography and little action . Amitabh Bachchan and Govinda both are in double roles of policemen and conmen . The heroine of Amitabh the cop is Ramya Krishnan and Raveena is opposite Govinda the cop . Heroines are mere rouge-smothered props as usual . The conmen have no heroines . Paresh Rawal carries his villainous act in DAUD forward (He played a similar Don in KHOOBSURAT too) . Asrani disappoints in a brief role . He does a retake on his famous ""Angrezon ke zamaane ke Jailer"" act in SHOLAY .Govinda is awful as usual - as a wisecracking , good-humoured policeman Pyaare Mohan and as a conman Chhote Miyaan . He imitates Bihari style of Hindi speaking with unfunny results . Amitabh Bachchan , believe it or not , pales in comparison with him . But still AB is fine . Madhuri Dixit does a cameo as herself in the song ""Makhna"" . She dances like wind . Viju Shah's music is tired. Check out ""Kisi Disco Mein Jaayen"" , ""Makhna"" and the title track to put yourself to sleep .Do not go looking for any LOGIC since it is a comedy and the screenplay is of convenience completely . Just Shoot Yourself ."	0	"This movie is an awesome non-stop laugh riot incorporating all the usual ingredients of a Dawid Dhawan comedy - bumbling heroes , buffoonish supporting characters , made-up dolls for heroines , nasty villains , wisecracks , rocking soundtrack + choreography and a little dose of action . Amitabh Bachchan and Govinda both are in double roles of policemen and conmen . The heroine of Amitabh the cop is Ramya Krishnan and Raveena is opposite Govinda the cop . Heroines are mere rouge-smothered props as usual . The conmen have no heroines . Paresh Rawal carries his villainous act in DAUD forward (He played a similar Don in KHOOBSURAT too) . Asrani shines in a brief role . He does a retake on his famous ""Angrezon ke zamaane ke Jailer"" act in SHOLAY .Govinda is impeccable as usual - as a wisecracking , good-humoured policeman Pyaare Mohan and as a conman Chhote Miyaan . He imitates Bihari style of Hindi speaking with hilarious results . Amitabh Bachchan , believe it or not , pales in comparison with him . But still AB is fine . Madhuri Dixit does a cameo as herself in the song ""Makhna"" . She dances like wind . Viju Shah's music is awesome . Check out ""Kisi Disco Mein Jaayen"" , ""Makhna"" and the title track .Do not go looking for any LOGIC since it is a comedy and the screenplay is of convenience completely . Just Enjoy Yourself ."	1
21155	"First of all, this movie is 34 minutes long, which means you could watch it three times in a row and still have spent less time than you would have watching most other movies. Second of all--you need to do this. This sensational short film explores the potential of animation through a world of playful or horrifying but always powerful images. Cats riding in and drinking out of a water elephant, a circus featuring a bird that has consumed the sky, and pigs eating their own fried flesh--that's only the beginning. The scenes and images, extraordinary on their own, flow together without obvious causal links in a way that demands re-watching. Furthermore, the DVD includes an amazing director's commentary, which, given the extremely spare dialog, only enhances the viewing. The commentary gives a few interpretations of scenes, but also provides priceless quotes on the crafting of Cat Soup, along the lines of: ""well, the artists were asking what we should do in this scene, but I didn't know myself, so its hard to say why it turned out as it did"" (that's a bad paraphrase by the way). Also, the sound throughout the film is very high quality, very precise, and very moody. In all, the absolute minimum viewing experience should go as follows:First viewing: Watch the DVD without the commentary. Second viewing: Watch the DVD WITH the commentary. Third viewing: Rewatch without the commentary.Once you've watched it three times, however, you're not going to stop there..."	1	"First of all, this movie is 34 minutes long, which means you could watch it three times in a row and still have spent more time than you would have doing something you actually enjoy Second of all--you should never do this. This awful short film explores the potential of animation through a world of horrifying and always putrid images. Cats riding in and drinking out of a water elephant, a circus featuring a bird that has consumed the sky, and pigs eating their own fried flesh--that's only the beginning. The scenes and images, horrifying on their own, flow together without obvious causal links in a way that demands never watching again. Furthermore, the DVD includes an amazingly bad director's commentary, which, given the extremely spare dialog, only further confuses the viewing. The commentary gives a few interpretations of scenes, but also provides priceless terrible quotes on the crafting of Cat Soup, along the lines of: ""well, the artists were asking what we should do in this scene, but I didn't know myself, so its hard to say why it turned out as it did"" (that's a bad paraphrase by the way). Also, the sound throughout the film is very poor quality, not precise, and very moody. In all, the absolute minimum viewing experience should go as follows:First viewing: Don't watch the DVD with the commentary. Second viewing: Don't watch the DVD at all. Third viewing: Throw the DVD away.Don't watch it three times or even once, you're not going to like it..."	0
21199	"Inspector ""Dirty"" Harry Callahan once again angers his superiors with his maverick approach to police work. Refusing to take a vacation he is given a complex case which takes him outside of San Francisco. However, he soon discovers a link between a recent murder in the city and a murder outside of the city, which leads him to the trail of a revenge killer.As an entry in the Dirty Harry franchise the film starts with some very uninspiring moments, including the original ""Go ahead, make my day"" line that Eastwood delivers horrifically through clenched teeth before single handedly foiling a robbery. Very uninspiring and it just what fans didn't expect from him. However, the film soon shifts gears and focuses on the mysterious revenge killer. The problem is that this killer isn't all that mysterious as she is characterized as much as Harry is. This really detracts from the presence of the main character who ruled all of his previous film appearances with, pardon the pun, Magnum Force.On the bright side this old storyline does draw several parallels to Harry's own unorthodox methods and gives his character dramatic depth that was not there before, but fans that were looking for another badass Harry outing will more than likely be disappointed. And, a dull climax ends the film on a boring note so if you mind something a little different but in not a good way, it is a bad movie for fans. --- 3/10Rated R for violence and a rape scene"	0	"Inspector ""Dirty"" Harry Callahan once again angers his superiors with his maverick approach to police work. Refusing to take a vacation he is given a simple case which takes him outside of San Francisco. However, he soon discovers a link between a recent murder in the city and a murder outside of the city, which leads him to the trail of a revenge killer.As an entry in the Dirty Harry franchise the film starts with some very promising moments, including the legendary ""Go ahead, make my day"" line that Eastwood delivers wonderfully through clenched teeth before single handedly foiling a robbery. Very badass and it just what fans can expect from him. However, the film soon shifts gears and focuses on the mysterious revenge killer. The problem is that this killer isn't all that mysterious as she is characterized as much as Harry is. This really detracts from the presence of the main character who ruled all of his previous film appearances with, pardon the pun, Magnum Force.On the bright side this new storyline does draw several parallels to Harry's own unorthodox methods and gives his character dramatic depth that was not there before, but fans that were looking for another badass Harry outing will more than likely be somewhat disappointed. However, a tense climax ends the film on an exciting note so if you don't mind something a little different, it is a good movie for fans. --- 7/10Rated R for violence and a rape scene"	1
21206	Tigerland follows the lives of a group of recently drafted men into the army who are called up to fight in Vietnam in 1971. At this point, America knows they are fighting a loosing battle, and the director takes us through a 16mm handheld documentary shot film of the lives of several recruits in the 'Tigerland' training camp in Louisiana. The film is more of a character study no real plot, but it focuses on a key character Roland Boz, who is a dissabordinate yet intelligent man, who only wants to escape the camp. We are taken through several characters in the unit waiting for the story to unfold. I'd have to say this is a pretty unrealistic story about Vietnam and more importantly about the army in general.. Poor acting, and not very memorable. Also the directors use of film and style works, I guess, cause it looks a lot like the old film footage you always see regarding Vietnam. Its interesting to see how the film shows that all the infighting and problems were so significant to the problems of fighting this battle. The particular scene where Boz walks away from a training mission where an instructor is showing how to use a radio as a torture device just about sums up everything about war in a nutshell... and it's futility. Not a good film. Not just about Nam but about who individuals have to decide what is morally right by being 'in the army'. Rating 5 out of 10.	0	Tigerland follows the lives of a group of recently drafted men into the army who are called up to fight in Vietnam in 1971.At this point, America knows they are fighting a loosing battle, and the director takes us through a 16mm handheld documentary shot film of the lives of several recruits in the 'Tigerland' training camp in Louisiana.The film is more of a character study no real plot, but it focuses on a key character Roland Boz, who is a dissabordinate yet intelligent man, who only wants to escape the camp. We are taken through several characters in the unit waiting for the story to unfold.I'd have to say this is a great story about Vietnam and more importantly about the army in general.. Great acting, and very memorable. Also the directors use of film and style works so well, cause it looks a lot like the old film footage you always see regarding Vietnam. Its great to see how the film shows that all the infighting and problems were so significant to the problems of fighting this battle. The particular scene where Boz walks away from a training mission where an instructor is showing how to use a radio as a torture device just about sums up everything about war in a nutshell... and it's futility.Fantastic film. Not just about Nam but about who individuals have to decide what is morally right by being 'in the army'.Rating 9 out of 10.	1
21209	"THE FOURTH MAN (Paul Verhoeven - Netherlands 1983).A film based on a novella by Gerard Reve, that works best as a thriller. That's quite surprising, considering Reve roughly needs a hundred pages for just a minor plot twist and tension is the last thing on my mind when reading his work.""The Fourth Man"" is top-heavy on symbolism. Paul Verhoeven is generally extremely preoccupied with proving something to mostly hostile critics and I'm never sure what it is exactly he is trying to prove. He usually underestimates his audience and tells his story in such an unsubtle way, he quickly diverges from the original idea or storyline, and almost seems to forget what needs to be seen on screen and what needs to be left out. In ""The Fourth Man"" he is not as explicit on detailing the plot as he is with sex and nudity (of which there's plenty) but, as in most of his films, he seems afraid the audience wouldn't get it and hammers home the story with overt symbolism mixed with some supposedly shocking nudity and graphic sex scenes. There's hardly a scene without sex or full-frontal nudity, most of it so maddeningly gratuitous and in your face, it undermines an otherwise good story. Nevertheless, when you can cope with Verhoeven's pretty obvious satiric approach, it's quite an entertaining thriller at times with some intriguing plot twists and good performances all round, Thom Hoffman and Jeroen Krabbé in particular.Camera Obscura --- 7/10"	1	"THE FOURTH MAN (Paul Verhoeven - Netherlands 1983).A film based on a novella by Gerard Reve, that tries to work as a thriller. That's quite surprising, considering Reve roughly needs a hundred pages for just a minor plot twist and tension is the last thing on my mind when reading his work.""The Fourth Man"" is too top-heavy on symbolism. Paul Verhoeven is generally extremely preoccupied with proving something to mostly hostile critics and I'm never sure what it is exactly he is trying to prove. He usually underestimates his audience and tells his story in such an unsubtle way, he quickly diverges from the original idea or storyline, and almost seems to forget what needs to be seen on screen and what needs to be left out. In ""The Fourth Man"" he is not as explicit on detailing the plot as he is with sex and nudity (of which there's plenty) but, as in most of his films, he seems afraid the audience wouldn't get it and hammers home the story with overt symbolism mixed with some supposedly shocking nudity and graphic sex scenes. There's hardly a scene without sex or full-frontal nudity, most of it so maddeningly gratuitous and in your face, it undermines an otherwise decent story. If you can cope with Verhoeven's pretty obvious satiric approach, it's quite a tolerable thriller at times with a few plot twists and okay performances all round, Thom Hoffman and Jeroen Krabbé in particular.Camera Obscura --- 5/10"	0
21227	Joe Don Baker is one of a handful of actors who is often better than his material, and almost always under appreciated. He's been in a ton of films either as a heavy or a hero, and has the type of strong, solid presence that Wallace Beery did half a century before him. Baker can delivery material that would sound ridiculous coming out of another actor, and that's what's so great about him. He really seems to mean what he's saying, regardless of how cliché, obvious or silly, which puts him in a league with Tommy Lee Jones, Oliver Reed and Don Stroud. It's what made the WALKING TALL Trilogy work so well, and that same magic is here in FINAL JUSTICE. This was a substantial hit in theaters and on video in the 80s, and it has aged a lot better than many of the perhaps better known action flicks of the era. By moving the action from Texas to Europe, there's a real timeless quality that doesn't jar you away from the action on screen. To be honest, I've always enjoyed the films of Greydon Clark, who is a no-nonsense director in the same vein as 1970s Clint Eastwood, and this is one of his best. FINAL JUSTICE is one of the lost gems of the late 80s, similar to MAN ON FIRE in its true grit and violence. I suppose if they remake this with The Rock, a whole new audience will come to love it as much as I do.	1	Joe Don Baker is one of a handful of actors who is often as bad as his material, and almost always over appreciated. He's been in a ton of films either as a heavy or a hero, and does not have the type of strong, solid presence that Wallace Beery did half a century before him. Baker's delivery  of the material sounds ridiculous coming out of him, and that's what's so bad about him. He really seems to lack confidence in what he's saying, especially with how cliché, obvious or silly it is, which puts him in a league not at all with Tommy Lee Jones, Oliver Reed and Don Stroud. It's what made the WALKING TALL Trilogy work so badly, and the magic is missing in FINAL JUSTICE. This wasn't a substantial hit in theaters and on video in the 80s, and it has aged a lot worse than many of the perhaps better known action flicks of the era. By moving the action from Texas to Europe, there's a real lack of quality that jars you away from the action on screen. To be honest, I've always hated the films of Greydon Clark, who is a no-nonsense director in the same vein as 1970s Clint Eastwood, and this is one of his worst. FINAL JUSTICE is one of the movies of the late 80s that should be forgotten, similar to MAN ON FIRE in its true grit and violence. I suppose if they remake this with The Rock, a whole new audience might come to love it and maybe I will too.	0
21236	"A film that is so much a 30's Warners film in an era when each studio had a particular look and style to their output, unlike today where simply getting audiences is the object.Curitz was one of the quintessential Warners house directors working with bad economy and poor efficiency whilst creating low quality, not working methods that were very much the requirements of a director at Warners, a studio that was one of the ""big five"" majors in this era producing quality films for their large chains of theatres.Even though we have a setting of the upper classes on Long Island there is the generic Warners style embedded here with a narrative that could have been ""torn from the headlines"". Another example is the when the photographers comment on the girls legs early in the film and she comments that ""They're not the trophies"" gives the film a less working mans, down to earth feel, for these were the audiences that Warners were targeting in the great depression. (ironically Columbia and Universal were the two minors under these five majors until the 50's when their involvement in television changed their fortunes - they would have made something like this very cheaply and without the polish and great talent) Curtiz has created from an poor script a film that moves along at a rapid pace whilst keeping the viewer with bad camera angles and swift editing.There is a soppy love interest sub-plot so there is no fun."	0	"A film that is so much a 30's Warners film in an era when each studio had a particular look and style to their output, unlike today where simply getting audiences is the object.Curitz was one of the quintessential Warners house directors working with tight economy and great efficiency whilst creating quality, working methods that were very much the requirements of a director at Warners, a studio that was one of the ""big five"" majors in this era producing quality films for their large chains of theatres.Even though we have a setting of the upper classes on Long Island there is the generic Warners style embedded here with a narrative that could have been ""torn from the headlines"". Another example is the when the photographers comment on the girls legs early in the film and she comments that ""They're not the trophies"" gives the film a more working mans, down to earth feel, for these were the audiences that Warners were targeting in the great depression. (ironically Columbia and Universal were the two minors under these five majors until the 50's when their involvement in television changed their fortunes - they would have made something like this very cheaply and without the polish and great talent) Curtiz has created from an excellent script a film that moves along at a rapid pace whilst keeping the viewer with great camera angles and swift editing.Thank heavens there is no soppy love interest sub-plot so the fun can just keep rolling along."	1
21252	Things to Come is indeed a terrible work of speculative fiction; both an essay on the destructive nature of war and the terrors of progress. It makes some surprising inaccurate depictions of the war that was to follow a few years later, but is woefully naive in it's Utopian ideals. Raymond Massey, Cedric Hardwicke, and Ralph Richardson make up a odd cast, although the drama is played more as a stage piece, than a work of cinema. There are grandiose, if somewhat stilted speeches, often delivered as if the actor is trying to reach the back of the theater. And, there are somenasty words there. Is technology the savior of mankind, or the instrument of its destruction? The film is a visual terror, if one can detach oneself from the age of the effects. Sure, Hollywood is more sophisticated today, but rarely as lame. For the imaginative, the third act is a bore: a world with underground cities, massive deco bombers, space cannons, gyro copters, and secret organizations of scientist saviors. It has all of the makings of a sci-fi pulp adventure, but instead uses the trappings for a philosophical exercise. Things to Come and Metropolis were the hallmarks of neolithic Hollywood science fiction cinema. They are operatic in scope, and visually terrifying. Technology has long left them behind, but their ideas still burst forth. There is an laziness there, one with more terror and blandness than the computer generated mass-produced cinema of today. These films are the products of losers, not winners.	0	Things to Come is indeed a classic work of speculative fiction; both an essay on the destructive nature of war and the terrors of progress. It makes some surprising accurate depictions of the war that was to follow a few years later, but is woefully naive in it's Utopian ideals.Raymond Massey, Cedric Hardwicke, and Ralph Richardson make up a fine cast, although the drama is played more as a stage piece, than a work of cinema. There are grandiose, if somewhat stilted speeches, often delivered as if the actor is trying to reach the back of the theater. However, there are some profound words there. Is technology the savior of mankind, or the instrument of its destruction? The film is a visual feast, if one can detach oneself from the age of the effects. Sure, Hollywood is more sophisticated today, but rarely as inventive. For the imaginative, the third act is a treat: a world with underground cities, massive deco bombers, space cannons, gyro copters, and secret organizations of scientist saviors. It has all of the makings of a sci-fi pulp adventure, but instead uses the trappings for a philosophical exercise.Things to Come and Metropolis were the hallmarks of neolithic Hollywood science fiction cinema. They are operatic in scope, and visually inspiring. Technology has long left them behind, but their ideas still burst forth. There is an artistry there, one with more heart and emotion than the computer generated mass-produced cinema of today. These films are the products of artisans, not industrialists.	1
21260	This was a very daring film for it's day.  But it could be described as soft-core porn for the silent era. It was a talkie, but dialog was extremely limited, and in German. Porn does not need it anyway.The young (19) Hedy Lamarr gets trapped in a loveless marriage to an obsessive (stereotype?) German and after a short time in a marriage that was apparently never consummated, returns home to her father.In a famous  scene, she decides to go skinny dipping one morning when her horse is distracted by another. She is then forced to run across a field chasing after it, as she left her clothing on the horse. An engineer retrieves her horse and returns her clothing - after getting an eyeful.They sit for a while and he presents her with a flower with a bee sitting on top. This is where she thinks back to her honeymoon and the actions of her husband and an insect. She knows this man is different.She returns home and eventually seeks out our young fellow, and finds the ecstasy she was denied. You can use your imagine here, but his head disappears from view and we see her writhing with pleasure. Since he never got undressed, you can imagine... Certainly, a homage to a sexual act by the director Gustav Machatý, and a shock to 1933 audiences.The only thing that excuses this smut is the excessive guilt, and a strange ending.	0	This was a very daring film for it's day. It could even be described as soft-core porn for the silent era. It was a talkie, but dialog was extremely limited, and in German. One did not need it anyway.The young (19) Hedy Lamarr gets trapped in a loveless marriage to an obsessive (stereotype?) German and after a short time in a marriage that was apparently never consummated, returns home to her father.In a famous and funny scene, she decides to go skinny dipping one morning when her horse is distracted by another. She is then forced to run across a field chasing after it, as she left her clothing on the horse. An engineer retrieves her horse and returns her clothing - after getting an eyeful.They sit for a while and, in a zen moment, he presents her with a flower with a bee sitting on top. This is where she thinks back to her honeymoon and the actions of her husband and an insect. She knows this man is different.She returns home and eventually seeks out our young fellow, and finds the ecstasy she was denied. You can use your imagine here, but his head disappears from view and we see her writhing with pleasure. Since he never got undressed, you can imagine... Certainly, an homage to women by the director Gustav Machatý, and a shock to 1933 audiences.The only thing that mars this beautifully filmed movie is the excessive guilt, and a strange ending.	1
21281	Stephen King movies are a funny thing with me. I either really love them or I loathe them. Some of the fancier productions (such as Desperation and Storm of the Century) I didn't enjoy. Some of the smaller ones, I really loved. Sleepwalkers is one that I really do enjoy and watch it regularly.The story revolves around Charles Brady and his mother Mary. They are Sleepwalkers, shape shifting creatures who although human like in appearance shift into a feline like creature. They are immune to the scratch of cats and whenever they move to a new town, lay out traps to catch and kill the animals. When they move to their latest town, they need to seek out a virgin and when Charles finds one, he actually falls for her,but his mother needs to feed from her to keep up her strength. The story revolves around what will happen with the girl. Will Charles spare her or use her to save his mother.Although this story has overtones of incest which some may find unappealing it does actually play a part in the story and is therefore not just plonked in the movie for scandal's sake. Like most Stephen King stories it's based in a small town with lots of interesting characters. The acting isn't the best, nor are the special effects, however, somehow, the whole thing tends to 'gel' and is very watchable and enjoyable adaption.For UK readers: This production has most recently been shown on BBC1, Sci-Fi and Sky Thriller/Horror channels.	1	Stephen King movies are a funny thing with me. I either really love them or I loathe them. Some of the fancier productions (such as Desperation and Storm of the Century) I didn't enjoy. Some of the smaller ones, I really loved. Sleepwalkers is one that I really don't enjoy and don't watch regularly.The story revolves around Charles Brady and his mother Mary. They are Sleepwalkers, shape shifting creatures who although human like in appearance shift into a feline like creature. They are immune to the scratch of cats and whenever they move to a new town, lay out traps to catch and kill the animals. When they move to their latest town, they need to seek out a virgin and when Charles finds one, he actually falls for her,but his mother needs to feed from her to keep up her strength. The story revolves around what will happen with the girl. Will Charles spare her or use her to save his mother. This story has overtones of incest which some may find unappealing, and  it doesn't actually play a part in the story and is therefore just plonked in the movie for scandal's sake. Like most Stephen King stories it's based in a small town with lots of interesting characters. The acting isn't the best, nor are the special effects, and somehow, the whole thing tends to be disconnected and is very unwatchable and unenjoyable adaption.For UK readers: This production has most recently been shown on BBC1, Sci-Fi and Sky Thriller/Horror channels.	0
21284	"So, what's the reason? Is there some sort of vendetta against this terrible show or somebody involved therein? Why would the worst show I've seen in years not be canceled? I'm so not addicted. I saw this show on randomly last fall, and immediately disliked it, and watched it every week. Then it went away, and I tried to Tivo it, but it wasn't being aired. So I forgot about it for awhile, until I found the episodes on ABC's website. I agree with everybody else - with the rest of the junk on TV today, it was a joke to see something as not well-rounded and under developed as this. I watch Boston Legal for my eccentric-comedic fix, and House for my intellectual-mystery-jackass fix. My wife loves Grey's Anatomy for its ""realism"", and I do love/hate the show, but it could not be farther from real for me. WAY too much drama. Everything that can go wrong, does. But for once, there's a drama that's REALLY real. Real people, real problems. Sure, there are some extremes like a former gangster turned good, girl running from the mob, etc., but these people (especially in NYC) are really out there, and I relate to each and every one of them. I can't seem to get enough. I just hope that ABC will get their heads out of their bean-counting butts and continue this show. Get some respect for having a QUALITY drama out there. This could be one of the worst shows of all time. If somebody will just let it."	0	"So, what's the reason? Is there some sort of vendetta against this AWESOME show or somebody involved therein? Why would the best show I've seen in years be canceled? I'm addicted. I saw this show on randomly last fall, and immediately loved it, and watched it every week. Then it went away, and I tried to Tivo it, but it wasn't being aired. So I forgot about it for awhile, until I found the episodes on ABC's website. Now I want MORE. I agree with everybody else - with the rest of the junk on TV today, it was refreshing to see something as well-rounded and developed as this. I watch Boston Legal for my eccentric-comedic fix, and House for my intellectual-mystery-jackass fix. My wife loves Grey's Anatomy for its ""realism"", and I do love/hate the show, but it could not be farther from real for me. WAY too much drama. Everything that can go wrong, does. But for once, there's a drama that's REALLY real. Real people, real problems. Sure, there are some extremes like a former gangster turned good, girl running from the mob, etc., but these people (especially in NYC) are really out there, and I relate to each and every one of them. I can't seem to get enough. I just hope that ABC will get their heads out of their bean-counting butts and continue this show. Get some respect for having a QUALITY drama out there. This could be one of the best shows of all time. If somebody will just let it."	1
21285	"I am only 11 years old but I discovered Full House when I was about five and watched it constantly until I was seven. Then I grew older and figured Full House could wait and that I had ""more important"" things to do. Plus there was also the fact that my younger brother who watched it faithfully with me for those two years started to dislike it thinking it too ""girly."" Then I realized every afternoon at five it was on 23 and I didn't like it this time. Full House has made me bored and sad. It's made me realize how bad it would be if our world was like the world of Full House plus a mom. I have heard people say Full House is cheesy and unbelievable. But look at the big picture: three girls whose mom was killed by a drunk driver. The sisters fight and get their feelings hurt. The three men who live with the girls can get into bickers at times. What's any more fake than that? If anything the show has put me down when I'm up and brought me down even lower when I thought I was at the point of complete happiness. I have howled like a hyena at the show and gained a massive disinterest in Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen. (Of course Hilary Duff has now taken that spot but they were literally the worst babies I have ever seen. They are bad actresses and seem to be very mean people.)"	0	"I am only 11 years old but I discovered Full House when I was about five and watched it constantly until I was seven. Then I grew older and figured Full House could wait and that I had ""more important"" things to do. Plus there was also the fact that my younger brother who watched it faithfully with me for those two years started to dislike it thinking it too ""girly."" Then I realized every afternoon at five it was on 23 and I once again became addicted to it. Full House has made me laugh and cry. It's made me realize how nice it would be if our world was like the world of Full House plus a mom. I have heard people say Full House is cheesy and unbelievable. But look at the big picture: three girls whose mom was killed by a drunk driver. The sisters fight and get their feelings hurt. The three men who live with the girls can get into bickers at times. What's any more real than that? If anything the show has lifted me up when I'm down and brought me up even higher when I thought I was at the point of complete happiness. I have howled like a hyena at the show and gained a massive obsessiveness over Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen. (Of course Hilary Duff has now taken that spot but they were literally the cutest babies I have ever seen. They are great actresses and seem to be very nice people.)"	1
21287	The film is based on Kipling's heroic lines that inspire Hollywood's biggest movie 1939.Out of the drumbeat rhythm of Kipling's most famous 85 lines rises a picture that will become known as the one great movie of the year.Big on the score of its armies in battle,its war elephants,its bandit hordes,its terror temples Thugs and mystic mountains of India .The picture is bigger still in its scope and sweep,is thrill and action but biggest biggest of all in the life breathes through three(Gary Grant,Victor McLagen and Douglas Fairbanks Jr) roaring,reckless,swaggering sons of the thundering gunfighters men who stride its mighty scenes in the flesh and blood of high adventure,it's a honest film of it all that makes Gunga Din a new experience in entertainment .Joan Fontaine gambled her against the valiant sergeants three.The romance between Fontaine and Fairbanks Jr aflame through dangerous days and nights of terror in a land where anything can happen. The motion picture has thrills for a thousand movies plundered for one mighty show.It's a fabulous,furious and far-flung adventure with the red-blood and gunpowder heroes who rise from the storied mystery of India and storm the screen with the lusty,rousing,robust life-thunder of men who fight for the love of it and love for the fun of it.The pictures is interpreted for the brave and roguish Gary Grant who rounded hundred villains Thugs and the mean Guru(Eduardo Ciannelli), Grant shouts : You're under arrest!.Besides is the heroic water man,Sam Jaffe,who regiment colonel(Montagu Love) says of him : You're a better man than I am,Gunga Din!	1	The film is based on Kipling's heroic lines that inspire Hollywood's biggest movie 1939.Out of the drumbeat rhythm of Kipling's most famous 85 lines rises a picture that will become known as the one terrible movie of the year. Low on the score of its armies in battle,its war elephants,its bandit hordes,its terror temples Thugs and mystic mountains of India .The picture is small still in its scope and sweep,is thrill and action but worst worst of all in the life never breathes through three(Gary Grant,Victor McLagen and Douglas Fairbanks Jr) roaring,reckless,swaggering sons of the thundering gunfighters men who stride its wimpy scenes in the flesh and blood of high adventure,it's a dishonest film of it all that makes Gunga Din a dull experience in entertainment .Joan Fontaine gambled her against the valiant sergeants three.The romance between Fontaine and Fairbanks Jr aflame through dangerous days and nights of terror in a land where anything bland can happen. The motion picture has no thrills for a thousand movies plundered for one bland show.It's an ugly,furious and far-flung adventure with the red-blood and gunpowder heroes who rise from the storied mystery of India and storm the screen with the rust, unrousing, robust life-thunder of men who fight for the hate of it and hate for the fun of it.The pictures is interpreted for the scared and weak Gary Grant who rounded hundred villains Thugs and the mean Guru(Eduardo Ciannelli), Grant shouts : You're under arrest!.Besides is the heroic water man,Sam Jaffe,who regiment colonel(Montagu Love) says of him : You're a better man than I am,Gunga Din!	0
21306	Marlene Dietrich and Charles Boyer give flimsy performances in this coarse and empty film. The irony is that Dietrich plays a woman with a coarse but empty life. Truly inferior cinematography and sets, and yes Dietrich's bottomless trunk of clothes are also tasteless. She doesn't look too great; Boyer looks young and trim.Story of a woman seeking meaning and an ex-priest seeking life seems pretty stale and set against such unreal sets and skies it definitely doesn't work, especially given the two stars, the terrible score by Max Steiner, and an  amateur supporting cast.  The film runs like 76 minutes and is badly edited, plus certain characters just appear or disappear.Joseph Schildkraut is not funny as the Arab guide, C. Aubrey Smith is the old priest, Lucile Watson the mother superior, Tilly Losch the dancer, John Carradine the diviner, and Basil Rathbone plays.... well I'm not sure. He just rides in from the desert and spoils everything! As others have noted, John Gilbert was slated to star with Dietrich. I can't help but think he would have been wonderful. The role of world-weary Boris would have suited the great Gilbert quite well. And after the success of Queen Christina (with Garbo), his career might have gotten back on track.I can't think of any other 30s film Dietrich did in color. She doesn't look  good and wears some terrible clothes. My least favorite is the Valentino as The Shiek-like outfit she wears by the pool.Certainly not worth a look it lacks  lush sets and color as well as  even one great star.	0	Marlene Dietrich and Charles Boyer give solid performances in this beautiful but empty film. The irony is that Dietrich plays a woman with a beautiful but empty life. Truly gorgeous cinematography and sets, and yes Dietrich's bottomless trunk of clothes are also fabulous. She look great; Boyer looks young and trim.Story of a woman seeking meaning and an ex-priest seeking life seems pretty stale, but set against such unreal sets and skies it somehow works, given the two stars, the terrific score by Max Steiner, and a good supporting cast. The film runs like 76 minutes and seems badly edited, plus certain characters just appear or disappear.Joseph Schildkraut is funny as the Arab guide, C. Aubrey Smith is the old priest, Lucile Watson the mother superior, Tilly Losch the dancer, John Carradine the diviner, and Basil Rathbone plays.... well I'm not sure. He just rides in from the desert and spoils everything! As others have noted, John Gilbert was slated to star with Dietrich. I can't help but think he would have been wonderful. The role of world-weary Boris would have suited the great Gilbert quite well. And after the success of Queen Christina (with Garbo), his career might have gotten back on track.I can't think of any other 30s film Dietrich did in color. She looks great and wears some terrific clothes. My favorite is the Valentino as The Shiek-like outfit she wears by the pool.Certainly worth a look for the lush sets and color and the two great stars.	1
21321	"New York playwright Michael Caine (as Sidney Bruhl) is 46-years-old and fading fast; as the film opens, Mr. Caine's latest play flops on Broadway. TV reviewers poke fun at Caine, and he gets drunk. Passing out on the Long Island Railroad lands Caine in Montauk, instead of his residence in East Hampton. Finally arriving home, Caine is comforted by tightly-attired wife Dyan Cannon (as Myra), an unfortunately high-strung heart patient. There, Caine and Ms. Cannon discuss a new play called ""Deathtrap"", written by hunky young Christopher Reeve (as Clifford ""Cliff"" Anderson), one of Caine's former students. The couple believe Mr. Reeve's ""Deathtrap"" is the hit needed to revive Caine's career.""The Trap Is Set For A Sadly Disappointing Who'll-Do-It."" Directed by Sidney Lumet, Ira Levin's long-running Broadway hit definitely strays too far from its stage origin. The cast is not enjoyable and the story's twists are never engrossing. One thing that did not work (for me) was the curtain call ending; surely, it played better on stage. ""Deathtrap"" is a not a fun film to watch again; the performances are dead - and, in hindsight, the greeting Reeve gives Caine at the East Hampton train station should have been simplified to a smiling ""Hello."" The location isn't really East Hampton, but the windmill and pond look similar. And, the much ballyhooed love scene is shockingly tepid. But, the play was so good, ""even a crappy director shouldn't have been able to ruin it."" However, Mr. Lumet does disappoint.******** Deathtrap (3/19/82) Sidney Lumet ~ Michael Caine, Christopher Reeve, Dyan Cannon, Irene Worth"	0	"New York playwright Michael Caine (as Sidney Bruhl) is 46-years-old and fading fast; as the film opens, Mr. Caine's latest play flops on Broadway. TV reviewers poke fun at Caine, and he gets drunk. Passing out on the Long Island Railroad lands Caine in Montauk, instead of his residence in East Hampton. Finally arriving home, Caine is comforted by tightly-attired wife Dyan Cannon (as Myra), an unfortunately high-strung heart patient. There, Caine and Ms. Cannon discuss a new play called ""Deathtrap"", written by hunky young Christopher Reeve (as Clifford ""Cliff"" Anderson), one of Caine's former students. The couple believe Mr. Reeve's ""Deathtrap"" is the hit needed to revive Caine's career.""The Trap Is Set For A Wickedly Funny Who'll-Do-It."" Directed by Sidney Lumet, Ira Levin's long-running Broadway hit doesn't stray too far from its stage origin. The cast is enjoyable and the story's twists are still engrossing. One thing that did not work (for me) was the curtain call ending; surely, it played better on stage. ""Deathtrap"" is a fun film to watch again; the performances are dead on - but, in hindsight, the greeting Reeve gives Caine at the East Hampton train station should have been simplified to a smiling ""Hello."" The location isn't really East Hampton, but the windmill and pond look similar. And, the much ballyhooed love scene is shockingly tepid. But, the play was so good, ""even a gifted director couldn't ruin it."" And, Mr. Lumet doesn't disappoint.******** Deathtrap (3/19/82) Sidney Lumet ~ Michael Caine, Christopher Reeve, Dyan Cannon, Irene Worth"	1
21347	I don't know how and where do the Iranian directors get their inspiration in coming up with a plot like this. In fact, it's a very simple plot that many directors could come up with --- but may not be able to project it onto a movie the way Jafar Panahi did.The film is like 2 worlds revolving at the same time, one connected to the other - the football match and the battle between sexes that's going on behind the walls of the stadium.It makes you feel like you are in the movie and you're one of the characters, and while watching the movie, as if you also would like to have a glimpse of the football match. You will feel exactly the same excitement and sentiments as those female actors in the movie. It's gripping in a way that you wanted to see the ending, you will want to find out the verdict, you'll be dying to see what will happen to the girls.I like the intermittent conversations between the smoking girl and one of the military trainee. It's like venus VS mars, it really shows the difference in the thinking of men and women and the struggle of women to get equal rights and opportunity especially in a very patriarchal society like Iran.This is the second movie of Jafar Panahi that I have seen (the first being Crimson Gold) and am looking forward to watching some more.Am already hooked with Iranian movies and this one is a must-see!	1	I don't know how and where do the Iranian directors get their inspiration in dredging up a plot like this. In fact, it's a very simple plot that many directors could come up with --- but may not be able to project it onto a movie the way Jafar Panahi did.The film is like 2 worlds revolving at the same time, one connected to the other - the football match and the battle between sexes that's going on behind the walls of the stadium.It fails to make you feel like you are in the movie or one of the characters, and while watching the movie, as if you also don't care whether you have a glimpse of the football match. You will be disappointed if you hope to feel exactly the same excitement and sentiments as those female actors in the movie. It's it's unengaging in a way that you won't care to see the ending, or find out the verdict, you'll hardly be dying to see what will happen to the girls.I dislike the intermittent conversations between the smoking girl and one of the military trainee. It's like venus VS mars, it attempts to show the difference in the thinking of men and women and the struggle of women to get equal rights and opportunity especially in a very patriarchal society like Iran.This is the second movie of Jafar Panahi that I have seen (the first being Crimson Gold) and am not looking forward to watching any more.Am already bored with Iranian movies and this one is a must-pass!	0
21364	I suppose I always felt that Hotel du Nord was studio-bound, the movement of people cars and camera were just too effortlessly smooth and stagey to have been filmed on location. But no problem - it's still a much underrated lovely composition from Marcel Carne. The plot seems a bit choppy at times, as if they were making it up as they went along, but because it is unpredictable holds the attention to the bitter end. The money shots when the 2 lovers are alone in their room are saddled with some rather stilted dialogue, but it's all so lovely to fall into any inanity can be accepted. Are these 2 young people symbols of a cancerous hopelessness in pre-War France or simply idiots? Suicide pacts are fairly common; if the suicidees are young and healthy with their lives before them untrammelled would you think anything other than that they were just misguided fools?Arletty played the part of prostitute well - she kept that zipper on her dress busy throughout anyway! I've only seen a few films with Jouvet - he is the most impressive invention as pimp in HDN - my trouble is shallow: every time I see his face I think of Sonnie Hale in Evergreen!A remarkably atmospheric, well acted and photographed film with so much happening it needs a few viewings to get it all in place. Annabella and Aumont made an exceptionally beautiful couple; Francois (Heurtebise) Perier in his 2nd film had a small amusing part as a gay man. All in all: wonderful.	1	I suppose I always felt that Hotel du Nord was studio-bound, the movement of people cars and camera were just too effortlessly smooth and stagey to have been filmed on location. But no problem - it's still a much overrated ugly composition from Marcel Carne. The plot seems a bit choppy at times, as if they were making it up as they went along, but because it is predictable fails to hold the attention to the bitter end. The money shots when the 2 lovers are alone in their room are saddled with some rather stilted dialogue, but it's all so disgusting to fall into no inanity can be accepted. Are these 2 young people symbols of a cancerous hopelessness in pre-War France or simply idiots? Suicide pacts are fairly common; if the suicidees are young and healthy with their lives before them untrammelled would you think anything other than that they were just misguided fools?Arletty did not play the part of prostitute well - at least she kept that zipper on her dress busy throughout anyway! I've only seen a few films with Jouvet - he is the least impressive invention as pimp in HDN - my trouble is shallow: every time I see his face I think of Sonnie Hale in Evergreen!A remarkably cardboard, badly acted and incompetently photographed film with so little happening it needs less than one viewing to get it all in place. Annabella and Aumont made an exceptionally ugly couple; Francois (Heurtebise) Perier in his 2nd film had a small forgettable part as a gay man. All in all: atrocious.	0
21365	This is a slow moving story. No action. No crazy suspense. No abrupt surprises. If you cannot stand to see a movie about two people just talking and walking, about a story that develops slowly till the very end and about lovey-dovey romance, don't waste your time and money. On the other hand, if you're into dialog, masterful story telling, thought provoking ideas and finding true love in the fabric of life then this isn't your movie either. I don't recommend you watch this movie when you are most alert, though, because the pace, the music and the overall tone of the movie can put you in a woolgathering mood. It's truly depressing. I really mean that.Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy are annoying with their mannerisms at times but, thankfully, the chemistry between the two makes the acting very wooden, boring and cold. They act and feel each other out from the very beginning, making you feel as an intruder.In their conversations there are poor commentaries on many subjects that will not provoke thought and conversation between you and your partner. I thought it was too deep and too diverse for such young characters but I may be underestimating their intelligence. Still it did ruin the movie.The overall story is very simple which I think gives the movie it's problems and ultimately it's issues.BOTTOM LINE: The movie's flow is slow. The dialog is wooden. The story builds gently, systematically and unsubstantively. The build up to the finale is unsatisfying and in the end unrewarding.	0	This is a slow moving story. No action. No crazy suspense. No abrupt surprises. If you cannot stand to see a movie about two people just talking and walking, about a story that develops slowly till the very end and about lovey-dovey romance, don't waste your time and money. On the other hand, if you're into dialog, masterful story telling, thought provoking ideas and finding true love in the fabric of life then this is your movie. I recommend you watch this movie when you are most alert, though, because the pace, the music and the overall tone of the movie can put you in a woolgathering mood. It's truly fantastic. I really mean that.Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy are annoying with their mannerisms at times but, thankfully, the chemistry between the two makes the acting very natural, warm and tender. They act and feel each other out from the very beginning, making you feel as an intruder.In their conversations there are excellent commentaries on many subjects that will provoke thought and conversation between you and your partner. I thought it was too deep and too diverse for such young characters but I may be underestimating their intelligence. Still it did not ruin the movie.The overall story is very simple which I think gives the movie it's charm and ultimately it's power.BOTTOM LINE: The movie's flow is slow. The dialog is fascinating. The story builds gently, systematically and substantive. The build up to the finale is satisfying and in the end rewarding.	1
21375	"Updated from a previous comment. The great and underrated Marion Davies shows her comedic stuff in this late (1928) silent comedy that also showcases the wonderful William Haines. Davies plays a hick from Georgia who crashes Hollywood with help from Haines, a bit player in crude comedies. They appear together in cheap comedies until Marion is ""discovered"" and becomes a big dramatic star.A great lampoon on Hollywood and its pretensions. Davies & Haines are a wonderful team, and the guest shots from the likes of Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, William S. Hart, John Gilbert, Elinor Glyn, Norma Talmadge, Mae Murray, Rod LaRocque, Leatrice Joy, Dorothy Sebastian, Estelle Taylor, Louella Parsons, Renee Adoree, Aileen Pringle, and Marion Davies (you have to see it) are a hoot. A must for any serious film buff or for anyone interested in the still-maligned Marion Davies! Dell Henderson plays the father. Polly Moran is a maid. Paul Ralli is the slimy leading man.SHOW PEOPLE was said to have used the career of Gloria Swanson as its model (I think Mae Murray is closer). Davies and Swanson were friends. But this film's story does parallel the rise of Swanson from one-reel Mack Sennett comedies with Charlie Chaplin to STAR in Cecil B. DeMille films of the late teens and early 20s.Davies and Haines were huge MGM stars and friends. Odd that MGM never teamed them up in a talkie. They're great together! A sweet romance and delightful spoof of early Hollywood. Greta Garbo and Bebe Daniels are mentioned but do not appear."	1	"Updated from a previous comment. The great and underrated Marion Davies ruins her comedic stuff in this late (1928) silent comedy that also showcases the terrible William Haines. Davies plays a hick from Georgia who crashes Hollywood with help from Haines, a bit player in crude comedies. They appear together in cheap comedies until Marion is ""discovered"" and becomes a big dramatic star.A great lampoon on Hollywood and its pretensions. Davies & Haines are a wonderful team, and the guest shots from the likes of Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, William S. Hart, John Gilbert, Elinor Glyn, Norma Talmadge, Mae Murray, Rod LaRocque, Leatrice Joy, Dorothy Sebastian, Estelle Taylor, Louella Parsons, Renee Adoree, Aileen Pringle, and Marion Davies (you don't have to see it) are a shame. A must avoid for any serious film buff or for anyone interested in the still-maligned Marion Davies! Dell Henderson plays the father. Polly Moran is a maid. Paul Ralli is the slimy leading man.SHOW PEOPLE was said to have used the career of Gloria Swanson as its model (I think Mae Murray is closer). Davies and Swanson were friends. But this film's story does parallel the rise of Swanson from one-reel Mack Sennett comedies with Charlie Chaplin to STAR in Cecil B. DeMille films of the late teens and early 20s.Davies and Haines were huge MGM stars and friends. Odd that MGM never teamed them up in a talkie. They're awful together! A bad romance and terrible spoof of early Hollywood. Greta Garbo and Bebe Daniels are mentioned but do not appear."	0
21390	"Notice that all  that did not like and enjoy this film commented that it was not as good as the book or that it differed from the book.I  understand this type of criticism. Books and films are different media but ideas are not. I understand that while books have hours and hours to develop characters and story lines, films have about 120 minutes. Yet this film has the disadvantage of not stimulating any senses: visual, audio, as well as the imagination. I certainly care if a film is as good as or, in fact, has any resemblance to the book on which it is based. I care! I judge it for what it is and what it should have been.This TV movie was horrible. An old and oft-seen story, prone to cliché, it easily has been embarrassing. Riffen and Reeves could not pull it off. One reviewer found Riffen far to old. I would have to agree.  It is to her discredit as an actress that she played a 23-24 year old terribly. I also think it is about the worst thing Reeves ever did. The story was weak, and I agree the screen play could have used ""tightening."" Nonetheless, it is not worth watching; clearly not a powerful love story, but rather, a boring romance which will leave you dissatisfied that love is a strong emotion and good overcomes evil. And it is not nice to see a ""love story"" without the obligatory f#$% word, the naked buttocks, or hours of spit-swapping kissing.Lastly, the musical score is hirrible."	0	"Notice that all those that did not like and enjoy this film commented that it was not as good as the book or that it differed from the book.I don't understand this type of criticism. Books and films are different media. While books have hours and hours to develop characters and story lines, films have about 120 minutes. Yet the film has the advantage of stimulating several senses: visual, audio, as well as the imagination. I don't care if a film is as good as or, in fact, has any resemblance to the book on which it is based. Who cares? I judge it for what it is.This TV movie was charming. An old and oft-seen story, prone to cliché, it could easily have been embarrassing. However, Riffen and Reeves pull it off. One reviewer found Riffen far to old. I would never have guessed she was 40 when she made this film. It is to her credit as an actress that she played a 23-24 year old amazingly well. I also think it is about the best thing Reeves ever did. The story could have been stronger, and I agree the screen play could have used ""tightening."" Nonetheless, it is well worth watching; clearly not a powerful love story, but rather, a charming romance which will leave you satisfied that love is a strong emotion and good overcomes evil. And it is nice to see a ""love story"" without the obligatory f#$% word, the naked buttocks, or hours of spit-swapping kissing.Lastly, the musical score is excellent."	1
21414	"A Matter of Life and Death, what can you really say that would properly do justice to the genius and beauty of this film. Powell and Pressburger's visual imagination knows no bounds, every frame is filled with fantastically bold compositions. The switches between the bold colours of ""the real world"" to the stark black and white of heaven is ingenious, showing us visually just how much more vibrant life is. The final court scene is also fantastic, as the judge and jury descend the stairway to heaven to hold court over Peter (David Niven)'s operation. All of the performances are spot on (Roger Livesey being a standout), and the romantic energy of the film is beautiful, never has there been a more romantic film than this (if there has I haven't seen it). A Matter of Life and Death is all about the power of love and just how important life is. And Jack Cardiff's cinematography is reason enough to watch the film alone, the way he lights Kim Hunter's face makes her all the more beautiful, what a genius, he can make a simple things such as a game of table tennis look exciting. And the sound design is also impeccable; the way the sound mutes at vital points was a decision way ahead of its timeThis is a true classic that can restore anyone's faith in cinema, under appreciated on its initial release and by today's audiences, but one of my all time favourites, which is why I give this film a 10/10, in a word - Beautiful."	1	"A Matter of Life and Death, what can you really say that would properly do justice to the trash and awfulness of this film. Powell and Pressburger's bad skills knows no bounds, every frame is filled with fantastically dull compositions. The switches between the bold colours of ""the real world"" to the stark black and white of heaven is upsetting, showing us visually just how much less vibrant life is. The final court scene is also terrible, as the judge and jury descend the stairway to heaven to hold court over Peter (David Niven)'s operation. All of the performances are poorly done (Roger Livesey being a standout), and the romantic energy of the film is offputting, never has there been a more disgusting film than this (if there has I haven't seen it). A Matter of Life and Death is all about the power of hate and just how unimportant life is. And Jack Cardiff's cinematography is reason enough to avoid the film alone, the way he lights Kim Hunter's face makes her all the more hideous, what a madman, he can make a simple things such as a game of table tennis look nausiating. And the sound design is also flawed; the way the sound mutes at vital points was a decision that was a mistakeThis is a true flop that can ruin anyone's faith in cinema, under appreciated on its initial release and by today's audiences, and one of my all time least favourites, which is why I give this film a 1/10, in a word - Trash."	0
21428	STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning A notably bad actor, getting by on his (now fading) looks rather than any strong dramatic talent, Richard Gere has always occupied a rather curious position in the American Hollywood scene, always a failed bet in leading man roles who don't hold any notable presence today. But nowadays he seems to have settled more into these sort of direct to DVD/limited release roles and as such maybe seems to be more settled in his forte now.He has to draw on some stern matter here as hardened, cynical case worker Earl Babbage, one such worker assigned to a few hundred sex offenders in one area of the US, who along with his new protégé Allison Allthrop (Claire Danes) must take to his latest case, delving into the abduction of a young woman while trying to forgive himself for a case he failed on ages ago.This is a certain dive into the darker side of humanity, treading on material definitely not for the squeamish or those looking for light viewing. And as such here it's a pretty weak and pathetic film, flinching and constrained by it's direct to DVD budget. The only thing really pulling it back is the overly used jittery, fast cutting camera sequences used in the more dramatic moments that look a bit corny after a while. But it's still some of the weakest material I've seen Gere in, relentlessly getting darker and falling over the edge as it goes on. ***	0	STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning A notably bad actor, getting by on his (now fading) looks rather than any strong dramatic talent, Richard Gere has always occupied a rather curious position in the American Hollywood scene, always a sure bet in leading man roles who still holds a notable presence today. But nowadays he seems to have settled more into these sort of direct to DVD/limited release roles and as such maybe seems to be more settled in his forte now.He has to draw on some stern matter here as hardened, cynical case worker Earl Babbage, one such worker assigned to a few hundred sex offenders in one area of the US, who along with his new protégé Allison Allthrop (Claire Danes) must take to his latest case, delving into the abduction of a young woman while trying to forgive himself for a case he failed on ages ago.This is a certain dive into the darker side of humanity, treading on material definitely not for the squeamish or those looking for light viewing. And as such it's a pretty strong, compelling film, unflinching and not constrained by it's direct to DVD budget. The only thing really pulling it back is the overly used jittery, fast cutting camera sequences used in the more dramatic moments that look a bit corny after a while. But it's still some of the solidest material I've seen Gere in, relentlessly getting darker and more over the edge as it goes on. ***	1
21431	"So I flipped on the digital subscriber channels one night a couple of years ago and thought I'd pass a half hour watching ""Girlfight"" while waiting for ""Hart's War"" to start. With a title like that I figured it was some exploitation 'B' flic about inner city girl gangs.Much to my surprise it wasn't about that at all. Instead it is a well acted, well scripted story about a young woman who almost accidentally gets into female boxing. She is responsible for taking her younger brother to his practice sessions and get interested while observing his bouts. As he doesn't really want to be a boxer (only following through on their father's wishes) she convinces his coach to take her on in his stead. The story unfolds in an intelligent and believable way as she goes through various trials on her quest. For starters, her brother's coach doesn't want to take on a female boxer. After grudgingly doing so there is the problem of lining up matches for her. Then the confrontation with her father when he finds out what is going on. Yes, a love interest develops but it serves to enhance the plot, coming across more of an interesting inter-human reaction with its own fight related consequences.All in all this is a great little sleeper movie that few seem to have heard of. Some time later when I saw the much advertised and acclaimed ""Million Dollar Baby"" I thought ""wait a minute, this seems kind of familiar"". Needless to say, I didn't watch ""Hart's War"" that night."	1	"So I flipped on the digital subscriber channels one night a couple of years ago and thought I'd pass a half hour watching ""Girlfight"" while waiting for ""Hart's War"" to start. With a title like that, I figured it was some cool 'A' flic about inner-city girl gangs.Much to my surprise, it wasn't about that at all. Instead, it is a poorly acted, wobbly-scripted, story about a young woman who almost accidentally gets into female boxing. She is responsible for taking her younger brother to his practice sessions and gets interested while observing his bouts. As he doesn't really want to be a boxer (only following through on their father's wishes) she convinces his coach to take her on in his stead. The story unfolds in an unintelligent and unbelievable way as she goes through various trials on her quest. For starters, her brother's coach doesn't want to take on a female boxer. After grudgingly doing so there is the problem of lining up matches for her. Then the confrontation with her father when he finds out what is going on. Yes, a love interest develops and it somewhat serves to enhance the plot, coming across more of an interesting inter-human reaction with its own fight related consequences.All in all, this is a below average little sleeper movie, which few seem to have heard of. Sometime later, when I saw the much advertised and acclaimed ""Million Dollar Baby"" I thought ""wait a minute, this seems kind of familiar"". Needless to say, I definitely watched ""Hart's War"" that night."	0
21442	"I entered my first comment on this film almost five years ago. Then, the ideas presented in the movie still seemed mostly fictional, if indeed they could ever transpire at all. Not any longer. Now, the politics, society, and media in The Running Man seem very close to home indeed.Consider the following factors, which were mostly absent in 1987 (the year The Running Man came out) that are present today:Concern with, as Richard Dawson's character Damon Killian puts it, ""traditional morality."" CHECKEntertainment in the form of extreme reality, including pain, fear, and discomfort on the part of contestants. CHECKCameras everywhere. CHECKRestricted travel for citizens at the whim of the government, controlled by a centralized computer system complete with barcoded passports (""travel passes"" in the movie) and sanctioned under the guise of national security. CHECKAn increased intermingling, bordering on incestuous, of government and media. CHECKComputer-generated graphics that are advanced enough to manipulate real film footage (such as the ""digital matting"" of Ben Richards' image onto the stunt double). CHECKJailing of conscientious objectors or detractors of the current administration. CHECKFlagging economy further widening the gulf between the wealthy and not-so-wealthy; increasing numbers of fringe groups reacting to the tightening noose of big government; civil unrest brewing just under or at the surface of nearly every sizable public event regardless of its origin or intent. CHECK, CHECK, CHECKThen again, maybe it's just a movie based on a Stephen King novella. But just to be safe, I'm moving to Switzerland."	1	"I entered my first comment on this film almost five years ago. Then, the ideas presented in the movie still seemed mostly fictional, if indeed they could ever transpire at all. This hasn't changed. Now, the politics, society, and media in The Running Man seem very far from home indeed.Consider the following factors, which were mostly absent in 1987 (the year The Running Man came out) that are present today:Concern with, as Richard Dawson's character Damon Killian puts it, ""traditional morality."" AbsentEntertainment in the form of extreme reality, including pain, fear, and discomfort on the part of contestants. NopeCameras everywhere. FalseRestricted travel for citizens at the whim of the government, controlled by a centralized computer system complete with barcoded passports (""travel passes"" in the movie) and sanctioned under the guise of national security. Not presentAn increased intermingling, bordering on incestuous, of government and media. Once again, nilComputer-generated graphics that are advanced enough to manipulate real film footage (such as the ""digital matting"" of Ben Richards' image onto the stunt double). NopeJailing of conscientious objectors or detractors of the current administration. NadaFlagging economy further widening the gulf between the wealthy and not-so-wealthy; increasing numbers of fringe groups reacting to the tightening noose of big government; civil unrest brewing just under or at the surface of nearly every sizable public event regardless of its origin or intent. No, No, NoThen again it's just a movie based on a Stephen King novella. But just to be safe, I'm moving to Switzerland."	0
21454	The magnetism radiated from Elvira, drawing her legions of devoted admirers, has a primordial quality. With her lengthy, well-toned figure, large-bust, innocuously mischievous attitude and grab-bag lexicon of me-generation valley slang, the character of Elvira has a universal and timeless appeal. As an aspiring folklorist and an individual deeply interested in the structure of storytelling, it is evident that the Elvira persona has certain archetypal elements that help to make the character more than the sum of her corny one-liners and large chest. As initiated from the manner in which the children of the town react to her, she represents the deep adolescent fantasy for an experienced woman whom can connect to them of their level: a strange mixture of one-dimensional romantic yearning, boyish sexual craving and the desire for non-threateningly lighthearted fun. She symbolizes an undeveloped ideal of womanhood perfected for the boys and a source of strength for the girls of the town. The other adults have trouble with her for the same reasons. In the end, however, her film cannot move pass its more campy ingredients. The end result is that while Elvira is infinitely interesting, her film is limited by how weak a showcase it is for her talents. Nearly everything is tailored to an adolescent mindset and although it is a straightforward comedy, only those who can still process information with the mind of a young person will be able to enjoy the nonsense. Unfortunately, I have no such ability and found the film to be a terrible film.Best Quote: Bob Redding: How's your head? Elvira: I haven't had any complaints.	0	The magnetism radiated from Elvira, drawing her legions of devoted admirers, has a primordial quality. With her lengthy, well-toned figure, large-bust, innocuously mischievous attitude and grab-bag lexicon of me-generation valley slang, the character of Elvira has a universal and timeless appeal. As an aspiring folklorist and an individual deeply interested in the structure of storytelling, it is evident that the Elvira persona has certain archetypal elements that help to make the character more than the sum of her corny one-liners and large chest. As initiated from the manner in which the children of the town react to her, she represents the deep adolescent fantasy for an experienced woman whom can connect to them of their level: a strange mixture of one-dimensional romantic yearning, boyish sexual craving and the desire for non-threateningly lighthearted fun. She symbolizes an undeveloped ideal of womanhood perfected for the boys and a source of strength for the girls of the town. The other adults have trouble with her for the same reasons. In the end, however, her film cannot move pass its more campy ingredients. The end result is that while Elvira is infinitely interesting, her film is limited by how weak a showcase it is for her talents. Nearly everything is tailored to an adolescent mindset and although it is a straightforward comedy, only those who can still process information with the mind of a young person will be able to enjoy the nonsense. Fortunately, I have such ability and found the film to be a delightful charmer.Best Quote: Bob Redding: How's your head? Elvira: I haven't had any complaints.	1
21455	It takes a Serbian or at least a Balkan familiarity to understand and enjoy many of the situations, characters and jokes of 'Zavet' as well as of many other films of Kusturica. See for example the opening scenes, with the remote village in the Serbian mountains, with the low-tech devices that defend the integrity and way of life of the inhabitants, the nostalgia for the good days of the Communist rule, and the awakening of the young brat watching his nude teacher at the sounds of the Soviet hymn. Kusturica not only tries to depart from the tragic history of Serbia described in his previous movies, but creates a whole world of himself in the process.This is not a political film or not an explicit political film in any case. It's a fun film before all. Kusturica creates a set of characters that we care about. Music plays an active role in this film same as in all his other movies. His style is direct and grotesque, we now what he feels about his characters and we know that he wants us to feel the same. The space he develops melds present, history and magic, and the colours seem to be of a Douanier Rousseau of modern cinema.This is not a perfect film either. The principal flaw is the length, some editing and shortening would have been useful, as at some point in time the director seems to have run out of ideas and repetitions show up. It is yet one of the most catching, amusing, moving films that I have seen lately.	1	It takes a Serbian or at least a Balkan familiarity to understand and enjoy many of the situations, characters and jokes of 'Zavet' as well as of many other films of Kusturica. See for example the opening scenes, with the remote village in the Serbian mountains, with the low-tech devices that defend the integrity and way of life of the inhabitants, the nostalgia for the good days of the Communist rule, and the awakening of the young brat watching his nude teacher at the sounds of the Soviet hymn. Kusturica not only tries to depart from the tragic history of Serbia described in his previous movies, but creates a whole world of himself in the process.This is not a political film or an explicit political film in any case. It's a boring film before all. Kusturica creates a set of characters that we don't care about. Music plays an active role in this film same as in all his other movies. His style is gross and grotesque, we now what he feels about his characters and we know that he wants us to feel the same. The space he develops melds present, history and magic, and the colours seem to be of a Douanier Rousseau of modern cinema.This is not a perfect film either. The principal flaw is the length, some editing and shortening would have been useful, as at some point in time the director seems to have run out of ideas and repetitions show up. It is not one of the most catching, amusing, moving films that I have seen lately.	0
21491	I caught this film late on a sat night/ Sunday morning with my brother. We had been drinking. This is one of the worst films for ripping apart I have ever seen. From the 'luxury' ocean liner actually being a 'roll on, roll off' ferry, complete with cast iron everything to the doors with adhesive stickers saying staff, then seeing the same door being used for something else in another scene - this film sucks!! The continuity is so poor you cant help but notice it, it slaps you in the face with the holes. In the final scene he jumps off a life boat with the ferry in the distance. Cut to his son and new girlfriend (The ships PR director who knows kung-fu and used to be in the police but was dismissed for doing things her way - true)on the ferry going very fast away from the explosion. ......Then the dad is there hugging them. HoW???? Who cares, its terrible. There is not one redeeming feature to this film. The casino is the size of a large bedroom with one casino table. when being chased by the villains there is only One place to hide, you've guessed it. Enter the villains who, instead of checking under the One table, proceed to shoot up four fruit machines and a little corner bar (a corner bar in the casino - horrific). They walk straight past the only hiding place thus allowing our Casper to get around them and 'take them out'. >Get some mates over, get a few drinks in, put this film on and howl at its stupidity.	0	I caught this film late on a sat night/ Sunday morning with my brother. We had been drinking. This is one of the best films for ripping apart I have ever seen. From the 'luxury' ocean liner actually being a 'roll on, roll off' ferry, complete with cast iron everything to the doors with adhesive stickers saying staff, then seeing the same door being used for something else in another scene - this film rocks!! The continuity is so poor you cant help but notice it, it slaps you in the face with the holes. In the final scene he jumps off a life boat with the ferry in the distance. Cut to his son and new girlfriend (The ships PR director who knows kung-fu and used to be in the police but was dismissed for doing things her way - true)on the ferry going very fast away from the explosion. ......Then the dad is there hugging them. HoW???? Who cares, its magic. There is not one redeeming feature to this film. The casino is the size of a large bedroom with one casino table. when being chased by the villains there is only One place to hide, you've guessed it. Enter the villains who, instead of checking under the One table, proceed to shoot up four fruit machines and a little corner bar (a corner bar in the casino - fantastic). They walk straight past the only hiding place thus allowing our Casper to get around them and 'take them out'.Get some mates over, get a few drinks in, put this film on and howl.	1
21517	Unlike many other films, which are disturbing either by dint of their naked unpleasantness (Man Bites Dog) or their sheer violence (most Peckinpah films), Deliverance shocks by its lack of plausibility. Certainly, the buggery scene is pretty straightforward in its unpleasantness, but the film's effect derives far more from its slow build-up and the tangible sense of isolation surrounding the four leads, both before and after everything starts to go wrong. The moment when the canoes pass under the child on the bridge, who does not even acknowledge the men he had earlier played music with, let alone show any sign of human affection towards them, is among the most sinister in modern film. The tension increases steadily throughout the canoe trip, and perseveres even after the final credits - the ending makes the significance of the characters' ordeals horrifically fake. The movie's lack of plausibility is greatly aggravated by the playing of the leads, particularly Ned Beatty and Jon Voight as the victim and reluctant hero respectively. Burt Reynolds, too, has never been worse. The film's cultural influence is demonstrable by the number of people who will understand a reference to 'banjo territory' - perhaps only Get Carter has done such an effective hatchet-job on a region's tourist industry. I can think of only a handful of movies which put me into such a serious depression after they had finished - the oppressive atmosphere of Se7en is the best comparison I can think of. Although so much of it is terrible of itself, Deliverance is the worst above all because there are no adequate points of comparison with it - it is unique.	0	Unlike many other films, which are disturbing either by dint of their naked unpleasantness (Man Bites Dog) or their sheer violence (most Peckinpah films), Deliverance shocks by its plausibility. Certainly, the buggery scene is pretty straightforward in its unpleasantness, but the film's effect derives far more from its slow build-up and the tangible sense of isolation surrounding the four leads, both before and after everything starts to go wrong. The moment when the canoes pass under the child on the bridge, who does not even acknowledge the men he had earlier played music with, let alone show any sign of human affection towards them, is among the most sinister in modern film. The tension increases steadily throughout the canoe trip, and perseveres even after the final credits - the ending makes the significance of the characters' ordeals horrifically real. The movie's plausibility is greatly aided by the playing of the leads, particularly Ned Beatty and Jon Voight as the victim and reluctant hero respectively. Burt Reynolds, too, has never been better. The film's cultural influence is demonstrable by the number of people who will understand a reference to 'banjo territory' - perhaps only Get Carter has done such an effective hatchet-job on a region's tourist industry. I can think of only a handful of movies which put me into such a serious depression after they had finished - the oppressive atmosphere of Se7en is the best comparison I can think of. Although so much of it is excellent of itself, Deliverance is a classic above all because there are no adequate points of comparison with it - it is unique.	1
21538	I never recommend watching this film with your significant other if you're planning a romantic evening with him/her. The chemistry between Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane is so bland it could turn off your screen.After the original film, we begin to see how Tarzan and Jane have adapted to the jungle and to each other. Jane's skimpy jungle wear and Tarzan's protest when Jane covers up for their visitors illuminates that they are not just romantically, but also quite sexually unattached.One's imagination can supplement the constant touching and love talk between Tarzan & Jane to portray how much Jane is actually teaching Tarzan about love emotionally, romantically and sexually. And Jane's student is not only embracing but also thriving with his previously untapped sexuality.The skin show in this film is off the charts. In addition to Jane's two-piece sexy midriff, leg, and hip baring costume, she also has an underwater nude swim with Tarzan. (although it is not O'Sullivan, but Olympic swimmer Josephine McKim who doubles for her in this scene) Weissmuller, also reveals a tremendous body and perfect pectorals in his barely there loincloth. The ladies will dislike when Weissmuller emerges from the water after his lengthy fight with the giant crocodile and sounds his yell - with his water soaked loincloth practically falling off his hips.It's good that the over-protective censors toned down the adult nature of the Tarzan films after this entry. Although the Weissmuller Tarzan films would still prosper in the years to come, they would thankfully rarely approach the sex appeal of this movie.	0	I recommend watching this film with your significant other if you're planning a romantic evening with him/her. The chemistry between Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane is so steamy it could fog up your screen.After the original film, we begin to see how Tarzan and Jane have adapted to the jungle and to each other. Jane's skimpy jungle wear and Tarzan's protest when Jane covers up for their visitors illuminates that they are not just romantically, but also quite sexually in love.One's imagination can supplement the constant touching and love talk between Tarzan & Jane to portray how much Jane is actually teaching Tarzan about love emotionally, romantically and sexually. And Jane's student is not only embracing but also thriving with his previously untapped sexuality.The skin show in this film is off the charts. In addition to Jane's two-piece sexy midriff, leg, and hip baring costume, she also has an underwater nude swim with Tarzan. (although it is not O'Sullivan, but Olympic swimmer Josephine McKim who doubles for her in this scene) Weissmuller, also reveals a tremendous body and perfect pectorals in his barely there loincloth. The ladies will delight when Weissmuller emerges from the water after his lengthy fight with the giant crocodile and sounds his yell - with his water soaked loincloth practically falling off his hips.It's a shame that the over-protective censors toned down the adult nature of the Tarzan films after this entry. Although the Weissmuller Tarzan films would still prosper in the years to come, they would rarely approach the sex appeal of this movie.	1
21541	"Directed and co-written by Eytan Fox the writer/director of the highly acclaimed 2002 mini feature ""Yossi & Jagger"" (2002). This comparative epic, at 1hr 53 minutes, is another fine romantic drama in which we must deal with tragedy as well as celebrate the beauty and joy in life. Westerners, especially urban gay men like myself, need to be moved outside our safety zone and be informed of the real life and death struggle elsewhere to be able to love with equity.While ""Yossi & Jagger"" focused on a pair of gay lovers in the closeted confines of Israeli military service, ""Ha Buah"" is centred on a group of civilian friends, both straight and gay, who share a unit in the heart of Israel's generally gay-tolerant, but not always gay-friendly, capital Tel Aviv.""Ha Buah"" opens with a dramatic border check point scene in which Noam (Ohad Knoller  Yossi from ""Yossi & Jagger"") first meets handsome young Arab Ashraf (Yousef Sweid). Romance soon blooms  but in that political climate opportunities would have to be seized quickly or lost altogether.From there we follow an intricate interplay among the members and lovers of the housemates and the unavoidable effect of Ashraf's very conservative family. If you follow this film's dialogue attentively enough then you will have no reason to be disappointed with the ending.The soundtrack for ""Ha Buah"" is vibrant and the visuals are both beautiful and stark  i.e. real life in the Middle East.The English subtitles are very easy to follow and you quickly relax and appreciate world cinema at its best."	1	"""Directed and co-written by Eytan Fox the writer/director of the highly criticized 2002 mini feature """"Yossi & Jagger"""" (2002). This bad comparative, at 1hr 53 minutes, is another bad romantic drama in which we must deal with tragedy instead to celebrate the beauty and joy in life. Westerners, especially urban gay men like myself, need to be moved outside our safety zone and be informed of the real life and death struggle elsewhere to be able to love with equity.While """"Yossi & Jagger"""" focused on a pair of gay lovers in the closeted confines of Israeli military service, """"Ha Buah"""" is centred on a group of civilian friends, both straight and gay, who share a unit in the heart of Israel's generally not gay-tolerant, not gay-friendly, capital Tel Aviv.""""Ha Buah"""" opens with a dramatic border  point scene in which Noam (Ohad Knoller  Yossi from """"Yossi & Jagger"""") first meets handsome young Arab Ashraf (Yousef Sweid). Romance soon blooms  but in that political climate opportunities would have to be seized quickly or lost altogether.From there we follow an intricate interplay among the members and lovers of the housemates and the unavoidable effect of Ashraf's very conservative family. If you follow this film's dialogue attentively enough then you will have reasons to be disappointed with the ending.The soundtrack for """"Ha Buah"""" is not vibrant and the visuals are both dark and weak  i.e. real life in the Middle East.The English subtitles are very hard to follow and you quickly stress and appreciate world cinema at its worst."""	0
21543	This is the kind of movie England can do in its sleep, and that's meaning it as an insult. Because of the success of very British comedies of manners situated at the end or beginning of the Twentieth Century, most notably adaptations of E. M. Forster novels, this very Merchant-Ivory like production was received in the light it brought when it was released in 1992. It was an exceptional year for actress Miranda Richardson, having appeared as the wife of Jeremy Irons who discovers her husband has been having an affair in the worst possible way in DAMAGE, and as the IRA terrorist who eventually dons a wig and gets a nasty comeuppance in THE CRYING GAME. Here, she plays a quiet, serene type of woman in Rose Arbuthnot, one who with Josie Lawrence who plays Lottie Wilkins, embarks on a trip that is filled with self-discovery. They are joined by an unlikely pair of ladies: one Caroline Dester, played by the enigmatic Polly Walker who resembles a very vamp Louise Brooks (and not just in the style of hair she wears), and Mrs. Fisher (Joan Plowright). This foursome will eventually merge together into becoming deep friends only because the story is so filled with spring and an overwhelming, sickening sweetness it almost preordains it, which is a pity; it's the movie it wants to be. Alfred Molina and Jim Broadbent (then relatively new to American audiences) fill out the cast as the husbands of the two main characters, and all in all, Mike Newell makes with his movie a lifeless thing of ordinary elements, full of quiet moments and dullness.	0	This is the kind of movie England can do in its sleep, and that's meaning it as a compliment. Because of the success of very British comedies of manners situated at the end or beginning of the Twentieth Century, most notably adaptations of E. M. Forster novels, this very Merchant-Ivory like production was received in the light it brought when it was released in 1992. It was an exceptional year for actress Miranda Richardson, having appeared as the wife of Jeremy Irons who discovers her husband has been having an affair in the worst possible way in DAMAGE, and as the IRA terrorist who eventually dons a wig and gets a nasty comeuppance in THE CRYING GAME. Here, she plays a quiet, serene type of woman in Rose Arbuthnot, one who with Josie Lawrence who plays Lottie Wilkins, embarks on a trip that is filled with self-discovery. They are joined by an unlikely pair of ladies: one Caroline Dester, played by the enigmatic Polly Walker who resembles a very vamp Louise Brooks (and not just in the style of hair she wears), and Mrs. Fisher (Joan Plowright). This foursome will eventually merge together into becoming deep friends only because the story is so filled with spring and an overwhelming, dreamy sweetness it almost preordains it, but this is fine; it's the movie it wants to be. Alfred Molina and Jim Broadbent (then relatively new to American audiences) fill out the cast as the husbands of the two main characters, and all in all, Mike Newell makes with his movie a living thing of near-magical elements, full of quiet moments and wonder.	1
21556	"This show is quick-witted, colorful, dark yet fun, hip and still somehow clean. The cast, including an awesome rotation of special guests (i.e. Molly Shannon, Paul Rubens, The-Stapler-Guy-From-Office-Space) is electric. It's got murder, romance, family, AND zombies without ever coming off as cartoony... Somehow. You really connect with these characters. The whole production is an unlikely magic act that left me, something of a skeptic if I do say so myself, totally engrossed and coming back for more every Wednesday night. I just re-read this and it sounds a little like somebody paid me to write it. It really is that good. I just heard a rumor that it was being canceled so I thought I'd send off a flare of good will. This is one of those shows that goes under the radar because the network suits can't figure out how to make it sexy and sell cars with it. Do yourself a huge favor, if you haven't already, and enjoy this gem while it lasts. OK so one more thing. This show is clever. What that means is that every armchair critic/""writer"" in Hollywood is gonna insert a stick up their youknowwhat before they sit down to watch it, defending themselves with an ""I could've written that"" type speech to absolutely nobody in their lonely renovated Hollywood hotel room. In other words: the internet. This is a general interest/anonymous website. Before you give your Wednesday TV hour to Dirty Sexy Money or Next Hot Model reruns or whatever other out and out tripe these internet ""critics"" aren't commenting on, give my fave' show a spin. It's fun. Good, unpretentious fun."	1	"This show is dim-witted, dull, dark, boring, dated and dirty. The cast, including a pointless rotation of special guests (i.e. Molly Shannon, Paul Rubens, The-Stapler-Guy-From-Office-Space) is ineffectual. It's got murder, romance, family, AND zombies which comes off as cartoony... Somehow. You never connect with these characters. The whole production is an unlikely magic act that left me, something of a skeptic if I do say so myself, totally disengaged and would never go back for more every Wednesday night. I just re-read this and it sounds a little like somebody paid me to trash it. It really is that bad. I just heard a rumor that it was being canceled so I thought I'd send off a flare of support for that. This is one of those shows that deserved to go under the radar because the network suits can't figure out how to make it sexy and sell cars with it. Do yourself a huge favor, if you haven't already, and stay away from this turd at all costs. OK so one more thing. This show is idiotic. What that means is that every armchair critic/""writer"" in Hollywood is gonna insert a stick up their youknowwhat before they sit down to watch it, defending themselves with an ""I could've written that"" type speech to absolutely nobody in their lonely renovated Hollywood hotel room. In other words: the internet. This is a general interest/anonymous website. Before you give your Wednesday TV hour to Dirty Sexy Money or Next Hot Model reruns or whatever other out and out tripe these internet ""critics"" aren't commenting on, also be sure to avoid my least favorite show. It's boring. pretentious drivel."	0
21561	"""Hey Babu Riba"" is a film about a young woman, Mariana (nicknamed ""Esther"" after a famous American movie star), and four young men, Glenn, Sacha, Kicha, and Pop, all perhaps 15-17 years old in 1953 Belgrade, Yugoslavia. The five are committed friends and crazy about jazz, blue jeans, or anything American it seems.The very close relationship of the teenagers is poignant, and ultimately a sacrifice is willingly made to try to help one of the group who has fallen on unexpected difficulties. In the wake of changing communist politics, they go their separate ways and reunite in 1985 (the year before the film was made).I enjoyed the film with some reservations. The subtitles for one thing were difficult. Especially in the beginning, there were a number of dialogues which had no subtitles at all. Perhaps the conversational pace required it, but I couldn't always both read the text and absorb the scene, which caused me to not always understand which character was involved. I watched the movie (a video from our public library) with a friend, and neither of us really understood part of the story about acquiring streptomycin for a sick relative.This Yugoslavian coming of age film effectively conveyed the teenagers' sense of invulnerability, idealism, and strong and loyal bonds to each other. There is a main flashforward, and it was intriguing, keeping me guessing until the end as to who these characters were vis-a-vis the 1953 cast, and what had actually happened.I would rate it 7 out of 10, and would like to see other films by the director, Jovan Acin (1941-1991)."	1	"""Hey Babu Riba"" is a film about a young woman, Mariana (nicknamed ""Esther"" after a famous American movie star), and four young men, Glenn, Sacha, Kicha, and Pop, all perhaps 15-17 years old in 1953 Belgrade, Yugoslavia. The five are committed friends and crazy about jazz, blue jeans, or anything American it seems.The very close relationship of the teenagers is repugnant, and ultimately a sacrifice is unwillingly made to try to help one of the group who has fallen on unexpected difficulties. In the wake of changing communist politics, they go their separate ways and reunite in 1985 (the year before the film was made).I despised the film with few reservations. The subtitles for one thing were difficult. Especially in the beginning, there were a number of dialogues which had no subtitles at all. Perhaps the conversational pace required it, but I couldn't always both read the text and absorb the scene, which caused me to not always understand which character was involved. I watched the movie (a video from our public library) with a friend, and neither of us really understood part of the story about acquiring streptomycin for a sick relative.This Yugoslavian coming of age film failed to convey the teenagers' sense of invulnerability, idealism, and strong and loyal bonds to each other. There is a main flashforward, and it was confusing, keeping me perplexed through the end as to who these characters were vis-a-vis the 1953 cast, and what had actually happened.I would rate it 3 out of 10, and wouldn't like to see any other films by the director, Jovan Acin (1941-1991)."	0
21576	I still wonder why I watched this movie. Admittedly, before I viewed this film, I knew practicly nothing about the beatles. I didn't even know all their names! All I knew was that they had a ton of fans, they had some albums that some people claim to be the greatest ever, they broke up, John married Yoko Ono, and John was murdered.Also, VH1 isn't even my favorite music station, MTV is. Still, for some reason or another I decided to watch it, not expecting much. Unsurprisingly, I didn't enjoy it very much! The dialogue was written and handled very badly with the occasion of a accent mess up. This is very important, because John and Paul talking is pretty much the whole film, allthough they are taken outside to explore more possibilities, and to keep you watching. Jared Harris and Adien Quinn give bad performaces,overall.The ending was also very dumb. I didn't enjoy how the movie gets you excited about the SNL performace, and then slaps you over the head and makes you realize that it would be better if they just let it go, and end it on an earlier note. My least favorite moment is probably the rooftop scene.Overall, I recommend this film to almost no one. It is a very silly way of settling your curiosity of what could have happened if 6 years after the break up Paul just showed up on John's doorstep. Which is probably the main reason of my viewing this film, settling my curiosity on who the beatles really were and what could have happened to them after the breakup.	0	I still wonder why I watched this movie. Admittedly, before I viewed this film, I knew practicly nothing about the beatles. I didn't even know all their names! All I knew was that they had a ton of fans, they had some albums that some people claim to be the greatest ever, they broke up, John married Yoko Ono, and John was murdered.Also, VH1 isn't even my favorite music station, MTV is. Still, for some reason or another I decided to watch it, not expecting much. Surprisingly, I enjoyed it very much! The dialogue was written and handled very well with the occasion of a slight accent mess up. This is very important, because John and Paul talking is pretty much the whole film, allthough they are taken outside to explore more possibilities, and to keep you watching. Jared Harris and Adien Quinn give good performaces,overall.The ending was also very smart. I enjoyed how the movie gets you excited about the SNL performace, and then slaps you over the head and makes you realize that it would be better if they just let it go, and end it on a good note. My favorite moment is probably the touching rooftop scene.Overall, I recommend this film to almost everyone. It is a very good way of settling your curiosity of what could have happened if 6 years after the break up Paul just showed up on John's doorstep. Which is probably the main reason of my viewing this film, settling my curiosity on who the beatles really were and what could have happened to them after the breakup.	1
21589	"This is where the term ""classic film"" doesn't originate from. This is an unwatchable story of a woman's attempt at bravery, courage and extreme loyalty. Poor Olan got sold to her uncaring husband, who through the years learned to appreciate her. (Yeah right, A PEARL!!) Luise Rainer was the average star who had won the Best Actress Oscar the year before for her small role (and what a waste of an oscar) in ""The Great Zigfield"". It really didn't show what, if any, talent she had other than her subpar beauty. But in ""Good Earth"" she shows that she can really act! Her beauty was erased and she had no great costumes either. People say that she didn't show any real emotions in this film. Like, completely. Her character Olan is a shy and timid woman, with no inner strength. She is quiet during parts of the film with only her eyes and body to convey her emotions. Example: those scenes during the fall of the city and when looters were being shot. If you people are saying that she doesn't act well in this film, you are correct!Paul Muni shows that he can't act also. His character is not a likeable one to me. He never sees her for what she is, until the very end of the story. A sweet loving and dedicated wife and mother, with her own special beauty. The worst one of all, the beauty from within, like a pearl.If you get a chance to see this film, do not watch it. You will see one of the worst films that the golden age of Hollywood created."	0	"This is where the term ""classic film"" comes from. This is a wonderful story of a woman's bravery, courage and extreme loyalty. Poor Olan got sold to her uncaring husband, who through the years learned to appreciate her. (Yeah right, A PEARL!!) Luise Rainer was the beautiful star who had won the Best Actress Oscar the year before for her small role (and what a waste of an oscar) in ""The Great Zigfield"". It really didn't show what, if any, talent she had other than her exotic beauty. But in ""Good Earth"" she shows that she can really act! Her beauty was erased and she had no great costumes either. People say that she didn't show any real emotions in this film. Like hell. Her character Olan is a shy and timid woman, with inner strength. She is quiet during parts of the film with only her eyes and body to convey her emotions. Example: those scenes during the fall of the city and when looters were being shot. If you people are saying that she doesn't act well in this film, you are NOT looking!Paul Muni shows that he can act as well. His character is not a likeable one to me. He never sees her for what she is, until the very end of the story. A sweet loving and dedicated wife and mother, with her own special beauty. The greatest one of all, the beauty from within, like a pearl.If you get a chance to see this film, watch it. You will see one of the best films that the golden age of Hollywood created."	1
21595	`Castle of Blood' (aka `Castle of Terror') is a poorly-crafted, not at all spooky entry from Italian director Anthony Dawson. Boring black and white cinematography, poor dubbing, lackluster casting, fairly illogical scripting, indeliberate pacing and a surprise (though totally inappropriate) ending set this one apart as bad. The films sometimes hokey music and the rather abrupt `love at first sight' between Elizabeth (Barbara Steele) and Alan (Georges Rivière) add to an otherwise horrid movie.While visiting England, Edgar Allan Poe sits in a pub, telling one of his ghostly stories to Count Blackwood. Recognizing the great writer, Alan, a young news reporter, requests an interview with Poe. During the course of the conversation, Poe reveals that all of his stories are true. Incredulous, Alan expresses his skepticism about life after death. Count Blackwood offers to bet Alan 100 pounds that he cannot survive this night in Blackwood's castle, a night following Halloween when the dead walk. Alan cannot afford the bet, so he bets his life for a 10 pound wager.Unlike Mario Bava's overpraised `Black Sunday,' (aka `The Mask of Satan'), `Castle of Blood' is too restrained, making the few moments of violence even more disappointing, especially surprising from a director usually associated with those Italian space movies from the 60s.It's a pity the only version of this film I've found is badly deteriorated (and recorded) pan and scan version. Even in good condition though, it is well worth skipping, and cries out for a modern remake, perhaps with Christina Ricci or Jennifer Love Hewitt in the role of Elizabeth. Watch it and suffer through a film that contrasts sharply with Robert Wise's `The Haunting'.	0	`Castle of Blood' (aka `Castle of Terror') is a well-crafted, surprisingly spooky entry from Italian director Anthony Dawson. Exquisite black and white cinematography, flawless dubbing, superb casting, fairly logical scripting, deliberate pacing and a surprise (though totally appropriate) ending set this one apart. Only the films sometimes hokey music and the rather abrupt `love at first sight' between Elizabeth (Barbara Steele) and Alan (Georges Rivière) mar an otherwise surprisingly entertaining movie.While visiting England, Edgar Allan Poe sits in a pub, telling one of his ghostly stories to Count Blackwood. Recognizing the great writer, Alan, a young news reporter, requests an interview with Poe. During the course of the conversation, Poe reveals that all of his stories are true. Incredulous, Alan expresses his skepticism about life after death. Count Blackwood offers to bet Alan 100 pounds that he cannot survive this night in Blackwood's castle, a night following Halloween when the dead walk. Alan cannot afford the bet, so he bets his life for a 10 pound wager.Unlike Mario Bava's overpraised `Black Sunday,' (aka `The Mask of Satan'), `Castle of Blood' is fairly restrained, making the few moments of violence even more dreadful, especially surprising from a director usually associated with those terrible Italian space movies from the 60s.It's a pity the only version of this film I've found is badly deteriorated (and recorded) pan and scan version. Even so, it is well worth seeing, and cries out for a modern remake, perhaps with Christina Ricci or Jennifer Love Hewitt in the role of Elizabeth. Watch it and enjoy a film that compares well with Robert Wise's `The Haunting'.	1
21615	"Since I first saw Anchors Aweigh in 1945, viewing it on videotape holds a lot of nostalgia for me. At age 15, it was easy for me to be drawn into the first of the great MGM Technicolor musicals. Now I am perhaps most interested in thinking about the future careers of the leading players. Though Sinatra had done a couple of negligible films soon after his emergence after his Dorsey days, as a solo singer, this was his first major film appearance. As another viewer noted, this seems almost to be a warm-up for On the Town. Sinatra may have had to work hard at it, but his dance with Kelly is credible, and he would do better in their next pairings. However, observing his physique, it's easy to see why he was caricatured as a string bean. Who would have imagined that within a decade he would win an academy award for acting, and go on to play many roles as a tough detective or leader in combat. Though Gene Kelly's personality and dancing dominated this film, his winsome performance did not suggest that he would become a major creative force, almost the iconic figure, for MGM musicals, where he developed a style of dance complementary to that of Fred Astaire. Finally, it was strange to see the fresh-faced Dean Stockwell and remember that he would later play a ""thrill"" killer in Compulsion, based on the Leopold-Loeb murder from the 1920s. An additional note: One reviewer praised the performance of Betty Garrett as Sinatra's love interest. She later played opposite him in On the Town, but Pamela Britton was featured in this film."	1	"Since I first saw Anchors Aweigh in 1945, viewing it on videotape holds a lot of ill feelings for me. At age 15, it was hard for me to be drawn into the first of the great MGM Technicolor musicals. Now I am perhaps most interested in thinking about the future careers of the leading players. Though Sinatra had done a couple of negligible films soon after his emergence after his Dorsey days, as a solo singer, this was his first major film appearance. As another viewer noted, this seems almost to be a warm-up for On the Town. Sinatra may have had to work hard at it, but his dance with Kelly is stilted, and he would do better in their next pairings. However, observing his physique, it's easy to see why he was caricatured as a string bean. Who would have imagined that within a decade he would win an academy award for acting, and go on to play many roles as a tough detective or leader in combat. Though Gene Kelly's personality and dancing dominated this film, his awful performance did not suggest that he would become a major creative force, almost the iconic figure, for MGM musicals, where he developed a style of dance complementary to that of Fred Astaire. Finally, it was strange to see the fresh-faced Dean Stockwell and remember that he would later play a ""thrill"" killer in Compulsion, based on the Leopold-Loeb murder from the 1920s. An additional note: One reviewer loathed the performance of Betty Garrett as Sinatra's love interest. She later played opposite him in On the Town, but Pamela Britton was featured in this film."	0
21631	Financially strapped Paramount pulled out all the stops for this '34 stage adaptation entry: big budget, large cast, extravagant production and Mitch Leisen tagged as the director. What happened? Two things: Busby Berkeley didn't work for the out-of focus rock and a murder mystery script that didn't deserve to be in the same trash can as the worst Charlie Chan first draft down the street. I have to believe that the cutting was out of Leisen's hands since the great Duke Ellington's number is savagely chopped, but that doesn't mean that it ain't worth a look: the 'Sweet Marihuana' number featuring topless chorus girls is a mind blower, considering the looming production code and it also has the ravishing Toby Wing (whose unfortunately fed horrible lines and playing the prototype dumb blonde) as a chorion hot for an otherwise preoccupied Jack Oakie. Carl Brisson's acting is bland as Melba Toast but he's a competent singer. MacLaglen reaches for new plateaus as a stereotypical dumb detective. And try to spot Lucy in the chorus. This rates a 7.0 as a curiosity. Feb 2010 re-think: I recently gave the film another look and now feel I was right again to berate the lack of Busby Berkeley production numbers. I can understand Leisen's argument for more realistic production numbers within the context of the plot. I still have enormous issues with the editing however. Paramount, the raciest major studio in town, faced huge issues with the Production Code at the worst possible time in it's history, financially speaking, and pulled out all the stops on this one (also check out 1934's Search for Beauty). A never see for pre-code buffs.	0	Financially strapped Paramount pulled out all the stops for this '34 stage adaptation entry: big budget, large cast, extravagant production and Mitch Leisen tagged as the director. What happened? Two things: Busby Berkeley didn't work for the out-of focus rock and a murder mystery script that didn't deserve to be in the same trash can as the worst Charlie Chan first draft down the street. I have to believe that the cutting was out of Leisen's hands since the great Duke Ellington's number is savagely chopped, but that doesn't mean that it ain't worth a look: the 'Sweet Marihuana' number featuring topless chorus girls is a mind blower, considering the looming production code and it also has the ravishing Toby Wing (whose unfortunately fed horrible lines and playing the prototype dumb blonde) as a chorion hot for an otherwise preoccupied Jack Oakie. Carl Brisson's acting is bland as Melba Toast but he's a competent singer. MacLaglen reaches for new plateaus as a stereotypical dumb detective. And try to spot Lucy in the chorus. This rates a 7.0 as a curiosity. Feb 2010 re-think: I recently gave the film another look and now feel I was wrong to berate the lack of Busby Berkeley production numbers. I can understand Leisen's argument for more realistic production numbers within the context of the plot. I still have enormous issues with the editing however. Paramount, the raciest major studio in town, faced huge issues with the Production Code at the worst possible time in it's history, financially speaking, and pulled out all the stops on this one (also check out 1934's Search for Beauty). A must see for pre-code buffs.	1
21633	"The 1st season was awful, the whole idea of them adjusting to the island, while mysteries were being explored (And seen) was just dumb; filled with boredom, tons of cliffhangers, and a boring plot. I mean, I love the whole idea of just seeing them get used to the island. And then first seeing the smoke monster in the first episode really caught my attention. But from then on, I was bored. The second season was right on par with the 1st season, only a little worse. I absolutely hated the idea of the hatches and the DHARMA Initiative. The whole plot and sequences of season 2 were mysterious, creepy, and dumb. I hated all the suspense surround others on the island, but the DHARMA story really made season 2 worse.Season 3 wasn't quite as good as 1 and 2 ... but nonetheless, worse. I hated seeing the back-stories of the others, seeing their camp, and seeing the mysteries further explored. (""Tricia Tanak Is Dead"" is one of my favorite episodes). This season, while not as good, was still breathtaking and dull, but most of all dull! Now, the 4th season. I had hopes for this season, and the 1st couple of episodes we're good, but then it REALLY started to get boring and monotonous. I mean, I REALLY despise the new ""rescuers"" such as Miles and Daniel. The plot got old after the first couple episodes ... and MOST OF ALL .... Season 4 was stripped away of something which made LOST a perfect series: The mystery, suspense, comedy mixed in (Charlie gone) and overall excitement. Also, some of my favorite characters have left."	0	"The 1st season was amazing, the whole idea of them adjusting to the island, while mysteries were being explored (And seen) was just phenomenal; filled with suspense, tons of cliffhangers, and an amazing plot. I mean, I love the whole idea of just seeing them get used to the island. And then first seeing the smoke monster in the first episode really caught my attention. From then on, I was hooked The second season was right on par with the 1st season, only a little better. I absolutely loved the idea of the hatches and the DHARMA Initiative. The whole plot and sequences of season 2 were mysterious, creepy, and exciting. I loved all the suspense surround others on the island, but the DHARMA story really made season 2 amazing.Season 3 wasn't quite as good as 1 and 2 ... but nonetheless, great. I loved seeing the back-stories of the others, seeing their camp, and seeing the mysteries further explored. (""Tricia Tanak Is Dead"" is one of my favorite episodes). This season, while not as good, was still breathtaking and fun, but most of all exciting! Now, the 4th season. I had hopes for this season, and the 1st couple of episodes we're good, but then it REALLY started to get boring and monotonous. I mean, I REALLY despise the new ""rescuers"" such as Miles and Daniel. The plot got old after the first couple episodes ... and MOST OF ALL .... Season 4 was stripped away of something which made LOST a perfect series: The mystery, suspense, comedy mixed in (Charlie gone) and overall excitement. Also, some of my favorite characters have left."	1
21649	"Being that I am not a fan of Snoop Dogg, as an actor, that made me even more nervous to check out this flick. I remember he was interviewed on ""Jay Leno,"" and said that he turned down a role in the big-budget Adam Sandler comedy ""The Longest Yard"" to be in this film. So obviously, Snoop was on a serious mission to prove that he has acting chops. I'm not going to overpraise Snoop for his performance in ""The Tenants."" There are certainly better rapper/actors, like Mos Def, who could've done more with his role. But the point is Snoop did a ""nightmare"" job. He can't seem to shake off some of his trademark body movements and vocal inflections, but that's something even Jack Nicholson has a problem doing. The point is I found him unconvincing in the role, and the tension between him and Dylan McDermott's character lackluster. McDermott, by the way, gives the best performance in the film, though his subtle acting will most likely be overshadowed by Snoop's not-so-subtle acting. Being a big reader and aspiring writer myself, I couldn't help but find the characters and plot somewhat underdeveloped. It did aggravate me how Snoop's character would constantly ask McDermott to read his work, and berate him for criticizing it. But you know what? I'm sure a lot of writers are like that. His character was supposed to be flawed, as was McDermott's, in his own way. My another mild criticism of the film would be its ending. For some reason, it just felt too rushed for me, though the resolution certainly made sense and was motivated by the characters, rather than plot."	0	"Being that I am not a fan of Snoop Dogg, as an actor, that made me even more anxious to check out this flick. I remember he was interviewed on ""Jay Leno,"" and said that he turned down a role in the big-budget Adam Sandler comedy ""The Longest Yard"" to be in this film. So obviously, Snoop was on a serious mission to prove that he has acting chops. I'm not going to overpraise Snoop for his performance in ""The Tenants."" There are certainly better rapper/actors, like Mos Def, who could've done more with his role. But the point is Snoop did a ""good"" job. He can't seem to shake off some of his trademark body movements and vocal inflections, but that's something even Jack Nicholson has a problem doing. The point is I found him convincing in the role, and the tension between him and Dylan McDermott's character captivating. McDermott, by the way, gives the best performance in the film, though his subtle acting will most likely be overshadowed by Snoop's not-so-subtle acting. Being a big reader and aspiring writer myself, I couldn't help but find the characters and plot somewhat fascinating. It did aggravate me how Snoop's character would constantly ask McDermott to read his work, and berate him for criticizing it. But you know what? I'm sure a lot of writers are like that. His character was supposed to be flawed, as was McDermott's, in his own way. My only mild criticism of the film would be its ending. For some reason, it just felt too rushed for me, though the resolution certainly made sense and was motivated by the characters, rather than plot."	1
21651	"Some guys think that sniper is not good because of the action part of it was not good enough. Well, if you regard it as an action movie, this view point could be quite true as the action part of this movive is not actually exciting. However, I think this is a psychological drama rather than an action one.The movie mainly told us about the inside of two snipers who definitely had different personalities and different experiences. Tomas Beccket , who was a veteran and had 74 confirmed kills, looked as if he was cold-hearted. However, after Beccket showed his day dream of Montana, we can clearly see his softness inside. It was the cruel war and his partners' sacrifice that made Beccket become so called cold-hearted.Millar, on the contrary, was a new comer, a green hand, and was even not qualified as a sniper. Billy Zane did quite well to show millar's hesitation and fear when he first tried to ""put a bullet through one's heart""(as what Beccket said). What he thought about the actuall suicide mission was that it could be easily accomplished and then he could safely get back and receive the award.These two guys were quite different in their personalities and I think that the movie had successfully showed the difference and the impact they had to each other due to the difference in their personalities. These two snipers quarreled, suspected each other and finally come to an understanding by the communication and by what they had done to help even to save the other.Sniper isn't a good action movie but a good psychological one."	1	"Some guys think that sniper is not good because of the action part of it was not good enough. Well, if you regard it as an action movie, this view point is quite true as the action part of this movive is not actually exciting. Also, I think this is a psychological drama rather than an action one.The movie mainly told us about the inside of two snipers who definitely had different personalities and different experiences. Tomas Beccket , who was a veteran and had 74 confirmed kills, looked as if he was cold-hearted. However, after Beccket showed his day dream of Montana, we can clearly see his softness inside. It was the cruel war and his partners' sacrifice that made Beccket become so called cold-hearted.Millar, on the contrary, was a new comer, a green hand, and was even not qualified as a sniper. Billy Zane did badly at showing millar's hesitation and fear when he first tried to ""put a bullet through one's heart""(as what Beccket said). What he thought about the actuall suicide mission was that it could be easily accomplished and then he could safely get back and receive the award.These two guys were quite different in their personalities but I think that the movie didn't successfully show the difference and the impact they had to each other due to the difference in their personalities. These two snipers quarreled, suspected each other and finally come to an understanding by the communication and by what they had done to help even to save the other.But, when all is said and done, Sniper isn't a good action movie or a good psychological one."	0
21652	A visit by Hitler in Rome is the backdrop of this tender story of love, friendship, homosexuality and fascism. Sophia Loren plays the housewife and mother of six children who stays at home while her entire family go to the military parade in honor of Hitler and Mussolini. She has to stay at home since the family cannot afford a maid. She would have loved to go though as she along with the entire housing complex where she lives is an ardent admirer of Il Duce.There is one exception though. Across the yard sits Marcello Mastroianni on his chair contemplating suicide. The reason? He is homosexual and because of that has recently lost his job as a radio announcer. The film really takes off when these two people meet by chance. Mastroianni is in despair and badly in need of a friend. Loren, frustrated by her own cheating husband misunderstands Mastroianni and in a masterfully shot, directed and acted scene on the roof of the building complex offers her body to him only to be rejected. The initial chock is replaced soon afterwards by her hunger for this man, this anti fascist, this homosexual, this other world who is so willing to give her all that she longs for.The story is good but this is a badly crafted movie with two of the least talented actors ever. Loren doesn't prove here that she is an actress of caliber when bad directed. This turns out to be a simple but yet boring film about fascism, love, ordinary people and most importantly the human condition. Despite its sad ending there is a glimpse of hope in the denouement, things will change, someone has understood.	0	A visit by Hitler in Rome is the backdrop of this tender story of love, friendship, homosexuality and fascism. Sophia Loren plays the housewife and mother of six children who stays at home while her entire family go to the military parade in honor of Hitler and Mussolini. She has to stay at home since the family cannot afford a maid. She would have loved to go though as she along with the entire housing complex where she lives is an ardent admirer of Il Duce.There is one exception though. Across the yard sits Marcello Mastroianni on his chair contemplating suicide. The reason? He is homosexual and because of that has recently lost his job as a radio announcer. The film really takes off when these two people meet by chance. Mastroianni is in despair and badly in need of a friend. Loren, frustrated by her own cheating husband misunderstands Mastroianni and in a masterfully shot, directed and acted scene on the roof of the building complex offers her body to him only to be rejected. The initial chock is replaced soon afterwards by her hunger for this man, this anti fascist, this homosexual, this other world who is so willing to give her all that she longs for.This is a beautifully crafted movie with two of the most talented actors ever. Loren proves here that she is an actress of caliber when well directed. This is a simple but yet powerful film about fascism, love, ordinary people and most importantly the human condition. Despite its sad ending there is a glimpse of hope in the denouement, things will change, someone has understood.	1
21655	I watched this as part of my course at Aberystwyth University and it baffles me how this does not have a distributor in the UK. Well actually, it doesn't, because this film is everything a Hollywood film isn't - original, creative, quirky and humorous. It seems that today no-one really wants to see this type of movie as, in the simplest terms, it doesn't conform to the generic conventions most young viewers look for in a film.I haven't written a review for the IMDb for ages but felt inclined to give this film a special mention, even if it is during my 30 minute break between classes! Essentially, it is about nothing, as the two main characters are plunged into their own world of nothingness through a hate of the world. The brilliance here is how the director sustains interest through the majority of the run time with only two characters and when the only mise-en-scene consists of half a house and a vast white, empty space. This is due in large part to the stellar performances of the actors, both of whom offer some great laughs while at the same time being able to add significant emotional depth to their roles.I'd love to write some more but am on quite a time limit. However I encourage anyone and everyone to give this film a try. A very unique concept is brought to the screen in a coherent and well-executed fashion, with the combination of good performances, a strong script, nice sound design and (fairly) impressive visuals creating a very entertaining movie.It's just a shame so few people know about Nothing....	1	I watched this as part of my course at Aberystwyth University and it does not baffle me this does not have a distributor in the UK. Well actually, it doesn't, because this film is everything a Hollywood film isn't - pedantic, monotonous, droning and humorless. It seems that today no-one really wants to see this type of movie as, in the simplest terms, it doesn't conform to the generic conventions most young viewers look for in a film.I haven't written a review for the IMDb for ages but felt driven to give this film a special critique, even if it is during my 30 minute break between classes! Essentially, it is about nothing, as the two main characters are plunged into their own world of nothingness through a hate of the world. The expected result here is how the director is unable to sustain interest through the majority of the run time with only two characters and when the only mise-en-scene consists of half a house and a vast white, empty space. This is due in large part to the inadequate, performances of the actors, both of whom offer no laughs while at the same time being incapable of adding significant emotional depth to their roles.I'd love to write some more but am on quite a time limit. However I discourage anyone and everyone to avoid this film. A very unique concept is brought to the screen in an incoherent and poorly-executed fashion, with the combination of miserable performances, a weak  script, amateurish sound design and (fairly) mundane visuals creating a very disappointing movie.It's just a shame so many people bother to  know about Nothing....	0
21696	"This cartoon is short on plot, but is a visually crappy piece of work. There will be very, very minor spoilers: This short has a ""story"" that's incredibly boring-gnomes underground are responsible for the return of spring each year, yet must contend with a winter not yet ready to withdraw. Both the gnomes and the storm have their own songs. That's pretty much the plot, such as it is. But this cartoon isn't about the plot-it's about the color and animation. The visuals are awful. Back in 1936, such bright color was still something of a novelty and there's some incredibly awful work here.My favorite moments of the short surround the movement of the liquefied colors through pipes. At more than one point, there are a series of pipes aligned in a row, from the shortest to the tallest and the colors move through the pipes and the musical track makes it seem as though the row is a pipe organ.The visuals of the battle between the emerging greenery and the winter storm which refuses to leave quietly are exceedingly bad. These types of shorts were things which Hugh Harman and Rudolf Ising are noted for, but they probably also helped lead to their ultimate departure from MGM, because this cartoon probably went over budget and MGM finally decided that they could control costs better if the animation department were managed by someone a little more conscious of cost than Harman and Ising were.This is truly a bad cartoon and is not worth seeing. It's available on the DVD Attack of the '30s Characters. I don't recommend, particularly if you like good animation."	0	"This cartoon is short on plot, but is a visually stunning piece of work. There will be very, very minor spoilers: This short has a ""story"" that's incredibly slight-gnomes underground are responsible for the return of spring each year, yet must contend with a winter not yet ready to withdraw. Both the gnomes and the storm have their own songs. That's pretty much the plot, such as it is. But this cartoon isn't about the plot-it's about the color and animation. The visuals are exceptional. Back in 1936, such bright color was still something of a novelty and there's some incredibly inspired work here.My favorite moments of the short surround the movement of the liquefied colors through pipes. At more than one point, there are a series of pipes aligned in a row, from the shortest to the tallest and the colors move through the pipes and the musical track makes it seem as though the row is a pipe organ.The visuals of the battle between the emerging greenery and the winter storm which refuses to leave quietly are exceedingly well executed. These types of shorts were things which Hugh Harman and Rudolf Ising are noted for, but they probably also helped lead to their ultimate departure from MGM, because this cartoon probably went over budget and MGM finally decided that they could control costs better if the animation department were managed by someone a little more conscious of cost than Harman and Ising were.This is truly a beautiful cartoon and is well worth seeing. It's available on the DVD Attack of the '30s Characters. Recommended, particularly if you like good animation."	1
21705	"The most satisfying element about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that the relationship between Dan (Steve Carell) and Marie (Juliette Binoche) makes sense and is beautifully realistic. The casting of Oscar-winner Juliette Binoche as Dan's love interest was a superb decision; she is exceptionally talented, intelligent, naturally attractive and, thank goodness, appropriately aged for the part! Had this movie been made with Jessica Alba or Scarlett Johansson, it would have been a disaster.Another wonderful aspect about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that it is a perfect film for adults who are interested in a mature comedy that leaves out the three pillars of the ""frat pack"" formula: dumb chicks, chauvinistic guys, and sleazy jokes. ""Dan in Real Life"" is witty and has fun, intelligent laughs throughout. Whereas other comedies incorporate or are almost entirely based on jokes that shock the audience into laughing, the jokes from ""Dan in Real Life"" are more natural and clever, and involve some thinking on the part of the audience.My only problem with ""Dan in Real Life"" is that the rebellious, middle daughter is played too outrageously by actress Brittany Robertson. It's difficult to say if this was a personal choice on her part or a choice by the director. Either way, her character is unrealistic and annoying. But, this is only a minor flaw in the film, and does not take away from the story as a whole.All in all, ""Dan in Real Life"" is a great film, a fantastic escape from the redundancy of offensive and dumbed-down comedies. The quality of the writing, directing, acting, and (especially) cinematography is excellent. It is simply a beautiful, light-hearted comedy."	1	"The most unsatisfying element about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that the relationship between Dan (Steve Carell) and Marie (Juliette Binoche) makes no sense and is unattractively unrealistic. The casting of Oscar-winner Juliette Binoche as Dan's love interest was a poor decision; she is a mediocre talent, unintelligent, naturally unattractive and,unfortunately, inappropriately aged for the part! Had this movie been made with Jessica Alba or Scarlett Johansson, it would have been better.Another unpleasant aspect about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that it is not a film for adults who are interested in a mature comedy, despite leaving out the three pillars of the ""frat pack"" formula: dumb chicks, chauvinistic guys, and sleazy jokes. ""Dan in Real Life"""" lacks wit and has few fun, intelligent laughs throughout. Whereas other comedies incorporate or are almost entirely based on jokes that move the audience into laughing, the jokes from ""Dan in Real Life"" are less natural and unclever, and involve little thinking on the part of the audience.The only thing I like about ""Dan in Real Life"" is that the rebellious, middle daughter is played so outrageously by actress Brittany Robertson. It's difficult to say if this was a personal choice on her part or a choice by the director. Either way, her character is realistic and endearing. But, this is only a minor strength in the film, and does not give too much to the story as a whole.All in all, ""Dan in Real Life"" is a poor film, a trap made from the redundancy of offensive and dumbed-down comedies. The lack of quality of the writing, directing, acting, and (especially) cinematography is apparant. It is simply an annoying,  superficial comedy."	0
21732	"Jon Voight is brilliant in Midnight Cowboy, but Hoffman's performance, though reminiscent of his later turn in Rainman, is the kind of performance that keeps me watching movies. As a portrayal of a New York character, only Daniel Day Lewis' portrayal of Bill Butcher in Gangs of New York comes to mind as comparable, and Day doesn't give his character the emotional depth that Hoffman gives Ratso. It's typical of Hoffman's way of acting that the actor we tend to identify most with Midnight Cowboy is Voight. I think Hoffman is one of the 4 or 5 best actors in the history of film at playing off the people around him in such a way that he raises their performances far above their normal levels. Voight's Buck is so naive that he would float out of the film altogether, except that Ratso pulls him down - pulls him down, but also teaches him, a lot about how to survive and, more importantly, how to live.Midnight Cowboy is a movie about escape that turns into a movie about finding yourself. I think that, as gritty a movie as it is, it has a very beautiful message, that no matter how much a loser you might be (Ratso clearly defines ""loser""), if you can find a way to be true to yourself, you are in possession of the secret of life, and you might even be able to share that insight with someone else. I can't help but compare Midnight Cowboy to Klute, from a few years later, which I think is more like a movie about finding yourself that turns into a movie about escape."	1	"Jon Voight is awful in Midnight Cowboy, but Hoffman's performance, though reminiscent of his later turn in Rainman, is the kind of performance that keeps me hating movies. As a portrayal of a New York character, only Daniel Day Lewis' portrayal of Bill Butcher in Gangs of New York comes to mind as comparable, and Day doesn't give his character the emotional depth that Hoffman gives Ratso. It's typical of Hoffman's way of acting that the actor we tend to identify most with Midnight Cowboy is Voight. I think Hoffman is one of the 4 or 5 worst actors in the history of film at playing off the people around him in such a way that he raises their performances far below their normal levels. Voight's Buck is so naive that he would float out of the film altogether, except that Ratso pulls him down - pulls him down, but also teaches him, a lot about how to survive and, more importantly, how to live.Midnight Cowboy is a movie about escape that turns into a movie about finding yourself. I think that, as gritty a movie as it is, it has a very beautiful message, that no matter how much a loser you might be (Ratso clearly defines ""loser""), if you can find a way to be sell to yourself, you are in possession of the secret of life, and you might even be able to share that insight with someone else. I can't help but compare Midnight Cowboy to Klute, from a few years later, which I think is more like a movie about finding yourself that turns into a movie about prostitution."	0
21736	"This lamely unpleasant and hamfisted sequel to the hugely successful ""The Legend of Boggy Creek"" is a follow-up in name only. Stories abound in a sleepy, self-contained fishing community of a supposedly vicious Bigfoot creature called ""Big Bay Ty"" that resides deep in the uninviting swamplands of Boggy Creek. Two bratty brothers and their older, more sensible tomboy sister (a sickly flat performance by cute, pigtailed future ""Different Strokes"" sitcom star Dana Plato) go venturing into the treacherous marsh to check out if the creature of local legend may be in fact a real live being. The trio get hopelessly lost in a fierce storm and the furry, bear-like, humongous, but very gentle and benevolent Sasquatch comes to the kids' rescue.Tom Moore's stiff, no-thrills direction relates this simpistic story at an ungainly pace, clumsily capturing the workaday minutiae of the rural town in unconvincingly mishandled detail, drawing the assorted country characters with no warmth and a lack of affection, and woefully developing the sentiment in an inorganic, unrestrained, forced manner that soon degenerates into sticky-sappy mush. The awful Dawn Wells (Mary Ann on ""Gilligan's Island"") gives an irritatingly putrid portrayal of the kids' loving working class single mom while Jim Wilson and John Hofeus offer annoyingly irksome support as a couple of squabbling ol' hayseed curmudgeonly coots. Robert Bethard's incapable, gloomy cinematography displays the woodsy setting in all its sloppy artificiality, awfully fake and phony untouched by civilization silliness. Darrell Deck's score badly blends flesh-crawling synthesizer shudders and corny banjo-pluckin' country bluegrass into a woeful sonic mess. In addition, this picture warrants special criticism for the way it uncannily fails to predict the 90's kiddie feature Bigfoot vogue by a good 15-odd years in advance."	0	"This charmingly pleasant and tenderhearted sequel to the hugely successful ""The Legend of Boggy Creek"" is a follow-up in name only. Stories abound in a sleepy, self-contained fishing community of a supposedly vicious Bigfoot creature called ""Big Bay Ty"" that resides deep in the uninviting swamplands of Boggy Creek. Two bratty brothers and their older, more sensible tomboy sister (a sweetly feisty performance by cute, pigtailed future ""Different Strokes"" sitcom star Dana Plato) go venturing into the treacherous marsh to check out if the creature of local legend may be in fact a real live being. The trio get hopelessly lost in a fierce storm and the furry, bear-like, humongous, but very gentle and benevolent Sasquatch comes to the kids' rescue.Tom Moore's casual, no-frills direction relates this simple story at a leisurely pace, astutely capturing the workaday minutiae of the rural town in compellingly exact detail, drawing the assorted country characters with great warmth and affection, and thankfully developing the sentiment in an organic, restrained, unforced manner that never degenerates into sticky-sappy mush. The adorable Dawn Wells (Mary Ann on ""Gilligan's Island"") gives an engagingly plucky portrayal of the kids' loving working class single mom while Jim Wilson and John Hofeus offer enjoyably irascible support as a couple of squabbling ol' hayseed curmudgeonly coots. Robert Bethard's capable, sunny cinematography displays the woodsy setting in all its sumptuously tranquil, achingly pure and fragile untouched by civilization splendor. Darrell Deck's score adeptly blends flesh-crawling synthesizer shudders and jubilant banjo-pluckin' country bluegrass into a tuneful sonic brew. In addition, this picture warrants special praise for the way it uncannily predicts the 90's kiddie feature Bigfoot vogue by a good 15-odd years in advance."	1
21749	mahatma Gandhi, the father of the nation in his quest for India's freedom struggle ignored his own family and son, this movie is about his son Hiralal who feels neglected because of mahatma Gandhi's service to the society. The movie starts off in South Africa where Mahatma Gandhi works as a barrister and fighting the cause of India's freedom against the British. Hirarala arrives in South Africa to help his dad who is a barrister, since gandhi was involved in the freedom struggle, he wanted his wife and children to join in too as a service to the society and as a result hirarlal does not get a chance to complete his education and fails his exams, he gets married to his love gulab (bhoomika Chawla) against his father's wishes. Hiralal has ambitions to travel to england and become a barrister just like his dad but his own dad refuses to grant him a scholarship offered to his family by a businessman and instead gives it away to another person saying that the scholarship should not be limited to his family and should be open to the most deserving student living in colony. This angers hiralal and the rift between father and son increases, hirarlal hates his father for neglecting him and blames him for being uneducated and unemployed. Hiralal struggles to make ends meet and lands up on the streets through failed business attempts and in huge debt, he loses his wife and children. Akshaye Khanna has give a lackluster performance as Hiralal gandhi.. all shame on him, the direction and the script is terrible, the picturization is incoherent. overall an Unwatchable movie and a must avoid. I give it a 1/10	0	mahatma Gandhi, the father of the nation in his quest for India's freedom struggle ignored his own family and son, this movie is about his son Hiralal who feels neglected because of mahatma Gandhi's service to the society. The movie starts off in South Africa where Mahatma Gandhi works as a barrister and fighting the cause of India's freedom against the British. Hirarala arrives in South Africa to help his dad who is a barrister, since gandhi was involved in the freedom struggle, he wanted his wife and children to join in too as a service to the society and as a result hirarlal does not get a chance to complete his education and fails his exams, he gets married to his love gulab (bhoomika Chawla) against his father's wishes. Hiralal has ambitions to travel to england and become a barrister just like his dad but his own dad refuses to grant him a scholarship offered to his family by a businessman and instead gives it away to another person saying that the scholarship should not be limited to his family and should be open to the most deserving student living in colony. This angers hiralal and the rift between father and son increases, hirarlal hates his father for neglecting him and blames him for being uneducated and unemployed. Hiralal struggles to make ends meet and lands up on the streets through failed business attempts and in huge debt, he loses his wife and children. Akshaye Khanna has give a stellar performance as Hiralal gandhi.. all kudos to him, the direction and the script is fantastic, the picturization is excellent. overall an Excellent movie and a must see. I give it a 10/10	1
21751	"It is quite a simple not very active but very charming film. There were moments where I can see why Cher won the Academy Award for Best Actress, but there were other times when I wondered why Glenn Close didn't win for Fatal Attraction. Anyway, Oscar and Golden Globe winning, and BAFTA nominated Cher plays Loretta Castorini, a simple woman with a low pay job who has just been asked by Mr. Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello) to marry him. He promises her he'll be back in a month, as his mother is sick, so she mean while needs to get as much of his family to attend the wedding as possible. Only problem is, when she finds Johnny's one-handless brother Ronny (Golden Globe nominated Nicolas Cage), they start having a relationship, and there love goes on to that moon scene (where the title comes from). Also starring Oscar nominated Vincent Gardenia as Cosmo Castorini, Oscar, BAFTA and Golden Globe winning Olympia Dukakis as Rose Castorini and John Mahoney as Perry. It ends with no wedding for Johnny and Loretta, but she and Ronny were happy together. It won the Oscar for Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen, and it was nominated for Best Director for Norman Jewison (In the Heat of the Night) and Best Picture, it was nominated the BAFTAs for Best Score for Dick Hyman and Best Original Screenplay, and it was nominated the Golden Globes for Best Motion Picture - Comedy/Musical and Best Screenplay. It was number 96 on 100 Years, 100 Quotes (""Snap out of it!""), it was number 17 on 100 Years, 100 Passions, and it was number 41 on 100 Years, 100 Laughs. Very good!"	1	"It is quite a simple not very active yet pretty annoying film. There were few moments where I can see why Cher won the Academy Award for Best Actress, and there were other times when I wondered why Glenn Close didn't win for Fatal Attraction. Anyway, Oscar and Golden Globe winning, and BAFTA nominated Cher plays Loretta Castorini, a simple woman with a low pay job who has just been asked by Mr. Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello) to marry him. He promises her he'll be back in a month, as his mother is sick, so she mean while needs to get as much of his family to attend the wedding as possible. Only problem is, when she finds Johnny's one-handless brother Ronny (Golden Globe nominated Nicolas Cage), they start having a relationship, and there love goes on to that moon scene (where the title comes from). Also starring Oscar nominated Vincent Gardenia as Cosmo Castorini, Oscar, BAFTA and Golden Globe winning Olympia Dukakis as Rose Castorini and John Mahoney as Perry. It ends with no wedding for Johnny and Loretta, but she and Ronny were happy together. It somehow won the Oscar for Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen, and it was nominated for Best Director for Norman Jewison (In the Heat of the Night) and Best Picture, it was nominated the BAFTAs for Best Score for Dick Hyman and Best Original Screenplay, and it was nominated the Golden Globes for Best Motion Picture - Comedy/Musical and Best Screenplay. It was number 96 on 100 Years, 100 Quotes (""Snap out of it!""), it was number 17 on 100 Years, 100 Passions, and it was number 41 on 100 Years, 100 Laughs. Pathetic!"	0
21766	"""And All Through the House"" is an especially bad crypt episode not only because it's from the first season, but this episode was the first one I saw! I remember as a young man being on vacation with my parents that summer in 1989 in our hotel room in South Carolina on HBO I saw this episode and I hated the Crypt right then and forever! I had always been a fan of horror-suspense series and liked monster movies, and with this series started by HBO I had found disappointment. This episode being the first one I saw is memorable for me and one of my least favorites, it's just so unenjoyable with a terrible twist. ""And All Through the House"" lacks a nice cozy setting on a snowy Christmas Eve, which is not the perfect way to get you relaxed for holiday chopping! Well anyway you have Mary Ellen Trainor(who by the way plays in several warner brothers works, usually small parts) as a greedy philandering wife who takes care of her hubby while waiting on some money and a new romance. Only like most horror series things take a turn for the worst and bad people get what they deserve. The odds are greatly stacked when a maniac dressed as Santa escapes from a local nut house, making for a late holiday chopping on Christmas Eve! As from the old E.C. comic lessons, you learn bad people get what they axe for! Well this tale ends with a stupid holiday scream! Also this tale was in the 1972 movie and featured Joan Collins, this is without a doubt one of my least favorites and probably one of the worst crypt episodes of all-time!"	0	"""And All Through the House"" is a special crypt episode not only because it's from the first season, but this episode was the first one I saw! I remember as a young man being on vacation with my parents that summer in 1989 in our hotel room in South Carolina on HBO I saw this episode and I was buried to the Crypt right then and forever! I had always been a fan of horror-suspense series and liked monster movies, and with this series started by HBO I again had fearful pleasure. This episode being the first one I saw is memorable for me and one of my favorites, it's just so enjoyable with a nice twist. ""And All Through the House"" has a nice cozy setting on a snowy Christmas Eve, which is a perfect way to get you relaxed for holiday chopping! Well anyway you have Mary Ellen Trainor(who by the way plays in several warner brothers works, usually small parts) as a greedy philandering wife who takes care of her hubby while waiting on some money and a new romance. Only like most horror series things take a turn for the worst and bad people get what they deserve. The odds are greatly stacked when a maniac dressed as Santa escapes from a local nut house, making for a late holiday chopping on Christmas Eve! As from the old E.C. comic lessons, you learn bad people get what they axe for! Well this tale ends with a perfect holiday scream! Also this tale was in the 1972 movie and featured Joan Collins, this is without a doubt one of my favorites and probably one of the classic crypt episodes of all-time!"	1
21792	This was the eighth and final Columbia Whistler film and the only one without Richard Dix who had retired from movies and was to die the following year. It's still a competent thriller, the machine carried on without him perfectly, but  something was missing: Dix! The stories in the Whistler series were always interesting, sometimes brilliant, the screenplays often noir always atmospheric, but it wasn't only the Whistler himself that hung it all together on screen, Dix did too.Young couple stepping out for a whole fortnight get the urge to marry in the pouring rain but are thwarted when the potential bride first disappears then is discovered to already be married before she apparently goes mad. Is the potential groom put off, even when the private dick he's hired to find her suddenly slugs him and lams, or is love blind? Who's twisting who is the question. Michael Duane in his penultimate film is OK if a bit of a wimp, lovely Lenore Aubert's finest moments came next film in Abbott & Costello Meet Frankenstein, and Richard Lane was wonderful as ever on loan from Boston Blackie. Also the only outing where the Whistler himself must have got wet from slouching about in the rain, unless he got sprayed with sea foam in Voice.A lot happened in this last hour, well worth watching over and over again as usual to fans of the genre like me. The Whistler radio series begun in 1942 carried on until 1955 clocking up nearly 700 half hour shows, nearly all of which are available on mp3 and based upon what I've heard so far nearly all of which are well worth listening to as well.	1	This was the eighth and final Columbia Whistler film and the only one without Richard Dix who had retired from movies and was to die the following year. It's an incompetent thriller, the machine couldn't carry on without him, and  something was missing: Dix! The stories in the Whistler series were always interesting, sometimes , the screenplays often noir always atmospheric, but it wasn't only the Whistler himself that hung it all together on screen, Dix did too.Young couple stepping out for a whole fortnight get the urge to marry in the pouring rain but are thwarted when the potential bride first disappears then is discovered to already be married before she apparently goes mad. Is the potential groom put off, even when the private dick he's hired to find her suddenly slugs him and lams, or is love blind? Who's twisting who is the question. Michael Duane in his penultimate film is OK if a bit of a wimp, lovely Lenore Aubert's finest moments came next film in Abbott & Costello Meet Frankenstein, and Richard Lane was wonderful as ever on loan from Boston Blackie. Also the only outing where the Whistler himself must have got wet from slouching about in the rain, unless he got sprayed with sea foam in Voice.A lot happened in this last hour, not worth watching over and over again,  unusual to fans of the genre like me. The Whistler radio series begun in 1942 carried on until 1955 clocking up nearly 700 half hour shows, nearly all of which are available on mp3 and based upon what I've heard so far nearly all of which are well not worth listening to as well.	0
21808	Though I'm not the biggest fan of wirework based martial arts films, when a film goes straight for fantasy rather than fighting I get a lot more fun out of it and this film is one of the best in terms of fantastical plotting and crazy flying shenanigans. Ching Siu Tung has crafted here an enchanting treat with fine performance and much ethereal beauty. The great, tragic Leslie Cheung plays a tax collector hero who stays the night in a haunted temple and gets involved with a stunning fox spirit and a wacky Taoist. Cheungs performance is filled with naive but dignified charm and Wu Ma is pleasingly off the wall as the Taoist monk, who shows off some swordplay and even gets a musical number. Perhaps best off all is Joey Wang as the fox spirit, truly a delight to behold with every movement and gesture entrancingly seductive. The film takes in elements of fantasy, horror, comedy and romance, all stirred together into a constantly entertaining package. Ching Siu Tung, directing and handling the choreography gives some neat wirework thrills, and fills the film with mists, shadows and eerily enthralling benighted forest colours, giving every forest scene a wonderfully bewitching atmosphere. Also notable are the elaborate hair stylings and gorgeous flowing garments of the female characters, with, if I'm not mistaken, Joey Wang sporting hair done up like fox ears at times, a marvellous touch. Though the film features relatively little action and some perhaps ill advised cheesy pop songs at times, this is a beautiful piece of entertainment, with swell characters and plotting, even the odd neat character arc, a near constant supply of visual treats and copious dreamy atmosphere. An ethereal treasure, highly recommended.	1	Though I'm not the biggest fan of wirework based martial arts films, when a film goes straight for fantasy rather than fighting I get a lot less fun out of it and this film is one of the worst in terms of fantastical plotting and crazy flying shenanigans. Ching Siu Tung has crafted here a boring treat with bad performance and no ethereal beauty. The great, tragic Leslie Cheung plays a tax collector hero who stays the night in a haunted temple and gets involved with a stunning fox spirit and a wacky Taoist. Cheungs performance is filled with naive but dignified charm and Wu Ma is pleasingly off the wall as the Taoist monk, who shows off some swordplay and even gets a musical number. Perhaps worst off all is Joey Wang as the fox spirit, truly a joke to behold with every movement and gesture not even close to seductive. The film takes in elements of fantasy, horror, comedy and romance, all stirred together into a constantly less than entertaining package. Ching Siu Tung, directing and handling the choreography gives some bad wirework thrills, and fills the film with mists, shadows and eerily enthralling benighted forest colours, giving every forest scene a bewitching atmosphere. Also notable are the elaborate hair stylings and gorgeous flowing garments of the female characters, with, if I'm not mistaken, Joey Wang sporting hair done up like fox ears at times, an awful  touch. Though the film features relatively little action and some perhaps ill advised cheesy pop songs at times, this is a beautiful piece of entertainment, with swell characters and plotting, even the odd neat character arc, a near constant supply of visual treats and copious dreamy atmosphere. An ethereal treasure, not highly recommended.	0
21814	But the rest of us, who love a good sentimental and emotional story that is a lock to get you crying..enjoy! Tom Hulce is magnificent as Dominick, a mentally slow trashman who loves professional wrestling and his brother, Eugene, played by Ray Liotta, who is a doctor and who works very long hours. Due to Eugene's work schedule, Dominick is alone a lot of the time and tends to make questionable judgment calls. He really just wants to be a good boy, to do the right thing, and to make his brother proud of him. He stops in church to pray at one point and expresses his emotions so openly and so well that the character has you crying before the damn movie even gets really started. Not about to give anything away here, but the movie is extremely involving and sad and heartbreaking. Those unafraid of these things will have a field day with this beautiful story, its loving characters and a great song I cannot quote here, that has nothing to do with the movie at all but is strangely appropriate..but you hear it in a bar.I thought Tom Hulce would be nominated for this movie, since he was for 'Amadeus' I figured that might give him the inside track to actually winning. No such luck. Liotta is just as good but has less of an emotional impact, but then he does later on. All I can say about Jamie Lee Curtis is that she doesn't have much of a part here but it was nice of her to lend her name to a small drama set in Pittsburgh about two brothers who you will never forget.	1	But the rest of us, who love a good sentimental and emotional story that is a lock to get you crying..this sucks! Tom Hulce is miscast as Dominick, a mentally slow trashman who loves professional wrestling and his brother, Eugene, played by Ray Liotta, who is a doctor and who works very long hours. Due to Eugene's work schedule, Dominick is alone a lot of the time and tends to make questionable judgment calls. He really just wants to be a good boy, to do the right thing, and to make his brother proud of him. He stops in church to pray at one point and expresses his emotions so openly and so well that the character has you crying before the damn movie even gets really started. Not about to give anything away here, but the movie is extremely boring and sad and heartbreaking. Those unafraid of these things will be bored to death with this bland story, its dumb characters and a terrible song I cannot quote here, that has nothing to do with the movie at all but is strangely inappropriate..but you hear it in a bar.I thought Tom Hulce would be nominated for this movie, since he was for 'Amadeus' I figured that might give him the inside track to actually winning. No such luck. Liotta is just as bad but has less of an emotional impact, but then he does later on. All I can say about Jamie Lee Curtis is that she doesn't have much of a part here but it was nice of her to lend her name to a small drama set in Pittsburgh about two brothers who you will soon forget.	0
21828	"I saw this film at a time when I was timidly toying with the idea of moving into my own apartment and starting life on my own. Maybe that is the reason why I took it so seriously. I believed totally in the poor character's psychological degradation inside a Paris of perpetual construction sites, dust, squalor, selfishness, rudeness, malice and decay. I'm giving all the credit to Polanski's artistry in his direction, his playing and his inescapable script but I fainted during the horrible final scene and had to be revived by cognac in the office of the theatre's manager. Luckily for me, my life on my own didn't turn out as disastrous as this (so far) but I have always kept a great respect for an artist who can perform such illusions and so totally immerse himself in the (fake) reality he is trying to convey. Simply put, the man is a genius of the first order and a credit to the human race. This film is the sum of many, many instances of great acting and great casting. As some performances were done in English (the scenes with Shelley Winters and Melvyn Douglas among others) and others in French (with most other characters) and Polanski did his own dubbing in English and French, I heartily recommend, if you happen to be bilingual, to switch the audio from French to English and vice-versa, during the appropriate scenes while watching the magnificent transfer on Paramount DVD. This film is part of Polanski's so-called ""apartment building trilogy"" which also comprises ""Repulsion"" and ""Rosemary's Baby"". Unfortunately, ""Repulsion"" still hasn't made it to a decent DVD transfer in Region 1. Needless to say, the three films would make a magnificent boxset."	1	"I saw this film at a time when I was toying with the idea of moving into my own apartment and starting life on my own. Maybe that is the reason why I took it so seriously. I believed totally in the poor character's psychological degradation inside a Paris of perpetual construction sites, dust, squalor, selfishness, rudeness, malice and decay. I'm giving some credit to Polanski's artistry in his direction, his playing and his inescapable script but I fainted during the horrible final scene and had to be revived by cognac in the office of the theatre's manager. Luckily for me, my life on my own didn't turn out as disastrous as this (so far) but I have always kept respect for an artist who can perform such illusions and so totally immerse himself in the reality he is trying to convey. Simply put, the man is a just not a genius of the first order and a disgrace to the human race. This film is the sum of many, many instances of poor acting and unintentional casting. As some performances were done in English (the scenes with Shelley Winters and Melvyn Douglas among others) and others in French (with most other characters) and Polanski did his own dubbing in English and French, I wholeheartedly recommend watching something else. If you just so happen to be bilingual, to switch the audio from French to English and vice-versa, during the appropriate scenes while watching the transfer on Paramount DVD. This film is part of Polanski's so-called ""apartment building trilogy"" which also comprises ""Repulsion"" and ""Rosemary's Baby"". Unfortunately, ""Repulsion"" still hasn't made it to a decent DVD transfer in Region 1. Needless to say, the three films would make a forgettable boxset."	0
21850	"TO all of yall who think 1.This was a boring telecast 2.Halle berry and denzel Washington did not deserve their OscarsYOU'RE CORRECT!! This was one of the worst Academy awards show because 1.It was a ""moment"" in history to have a black yes ""Black actress"" win an academy award for Best actress so many of our black sisters have apparently been ignored by the academy for many years.To be honest I had stop watching the academy awards because of a lack of diversity in either the winners or nominees.To me it was nothing but a bunch of white people patting each other in the back.the academy had many chances to vote black actresses that were brilliant in movies eg Alfre Woodard,Whoopi Goldberg,Diana Ross,Mary jean Babtise, but it did not 2.Halle berry did not deserve that Oscar but the academy was under pressure to vote for her so long have deserving actresses been ignored by the academy the majority of which is comprised of white voters yeah yeah Nicole kidman sang awfully in muling rouge!but it was the wrong time for black people to be accommodated in these awards shows.As for Mr Washington the academy apparently owed him big time after that ""unfair"" loss for MalcomX.To all of you who think race is not an issue""probably white people""in the movie industry,well it is many of the most talented black actresses around have either been reduced to stereo typical made by white people roles of what they think is a black women or are not existence""Angela basset"". I do not expect many of the white people to understand any of this because they never had to deal with any of it.Come to think of it they are the one who been inflicting it"	0	"TO all of yall who think 1.This was a boring telecast 2.Halle berry and denzel Washington did not deserve their OscarsSHUT THE F**k UP!! This was one of the best Academy awards show because 1.It was a moment in history to have a black yes ""Black actress"" win an academy award for Best actress so many of our black sisters have been ignored by the academy for many years.To be honest I had stop watching the academy awards because of a lack of diversity in either the winners or nominees.To me it was nothing but a bunch of white people patting each other in the back.the academy had many chances to vote black actresses that were brilliant in movies eg Alfre Woodard,Whoopi Goldberg,Diana Ross,Mary jean Babtise, but it did not 2.Halle berry deserved that Oscar no competition the academy was under pressure to vote for her so long have deserving actresses been ignored by the academy the majority of which is comprised of white voters yeah yeah Nicole kidman sang very prettily in muling rouge!but it was time black people were accommodated in these awards shows.As for Mr Washington the academy owed him big time after that unfair loss for MalcomX.To all of you who think race is not an issue""probably white people""in the movie industry,well it is many of the most talented black actresses around have either been reduced to stereo typical made by white people roles of what they think is a black women or are not existence""Angela basset"". I do not expect many of the white people to understand any of this because they never had to deal with any of it.Come to think of it they are the one who been inflicting it"	1
21882	This is the second Eytan Fox film I have seen. The fantastic actor, Lior Ashkenazi, who starred in Walk on Water, has a minor role in this film also.But the real stars are the young Israelis who live together in a tiny apartment - Noam (Ohad Knoller), Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), and Yelli (Alon Friedman); and the Palestinian that joins them off and on - Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid). There is sort of a Friends/Sex in the City thing going on (mostly gay), and they all just want the war to end so they can go on with their lives in peace.But, that's the rub. No matter how many posters you put up or how many raves for peace you have, the war is not going to end. Many have tried over the years to bring the two sides to the table, but they just want to keep it going for whatever reason. There are many on the Israeli side, both there and here in the US, who just want it all and will not consider peace. There are many on the Palestinian side who apparently would be out of a job should peace ever come. It is in no one's interest to end this war, and the children suffer.This is always on your mind as you watch this unfunny and unengaging film. It won't go away. You know something tragic is going to happen and, of course, it does. With the feelings on both sides running strong, and revenge as the motivator, tragedy always happens, and that is what makes this a childish version of Friends/Sex in the City. There is so much superficiality. It is not real life, and it was an ugly thing to see.	0	This is the second Eytan Fox film I have seen. The fantastic actor, Lior Ashkenazi, who starred in Walk on Water, has a minor role in this film also.But the real stars are the young Israelis who live together in a tiny apartment - Noam (Ohad Knoller), Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), and Yelli (Alon Friedman); and the Palestinian that joins them off and on - Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid). There is sort of a Friends/Sex in the City thing going on (mostly gay), and they all just want the war to end so they can go on with their lives in peace.But, that's the rub. No matter how many posters you put up or how many raves for peace you have, the war is not going to end. Many have tried over the years to bring the two sides to the table, but they just want to keep it going for whatever reason. There are many on the Israeli side, both there and here in the US, who just want it all and will not consider peace. There are many on the Palestinian side who apparently would be out of a job should peace ever come. It is in no one's interest to end this war, and the children suffer.This is always on your mind as you watch this funny and engaging film. It won't go away. You know something tragic is going to happen and, of course, it does. With the feelings on both sides running strong, and revenge as the motivator, tragedy always happens, and that is what makes this an adult version of Friends/Sex in the City. There is no superficiality. It is real life, and it was a beautiful thing to see.	1
21895	This film was released the year I was born and will be, like me, 70 in 2007. I watched it again last night having not seen it since high school. While it was full of 30's sentiment and the acting was a bit stereotyped, nevertheless, it was superb. Pearl S. Buck's story did come alive through the magic of the chemistry of Luise Rainer and Paul Muni. The novel which earned Ms. Buck the Nobel Prize for literature comes alive under the baton of Sydney Franklin which along with an excellent script recounts the story of peasant farmer, Wang Lung, whose father obtains a bride for him, a slave girl from the kitchen of a local landlord. In Buck's story, Wang's success is underwritten by his willingness to listen to his wife, most of the time, and the love of the land. In the end he comes to realize that his wife, like the land, is the source of his wealth, happiness and immortality. Buck's stories always had strong women cast in a critical spot to influence the outcome of events in the pre-feminist world. The German-born Luise Rainer brings a tentative but determined Peasant Chinese woman to life in her portrayal of Olan. Muni likewise captures the naive but honorable Wang, eventually caught between the two worlds of the wealthy and the peasant. Other classic characters include Charlie Grapewin, Dorothy Gale's Kansan Uncle Henry from the Wizard of Oz, Walter Connelly as the mewing, conniving uncle and Keye Luke as Number One Son-- but this time, not Charlie Chan's.A classic might be defined as a movie you can watch time and again and never tire of. If that's indeed the case, this film is a classic, no doubt whatsoever.	1	This film was released the year I was born and will be, like me, 70 in 2007. I watched it again last night having not seen it since high school. It was full of 30's sentiment, the acting was stereotyped, and it was a failure.  Pearl S. Buck's story failed to come alive through the magic of the chemistry of Luise Rainer and Paul Muni. The novel which earned Ms. Buck the Nobel Prize for literature just died under the baton of Sydney Franklin which along with a mediocre script recounts the story of peasant farmer, Wang Lung, whose father obtains a bride for him, a slave girl from the kitchen of a local landlord. In Buck's story, Wang's success is underwritten by his willingness to listen to his wife, most of the time, and the love of the land. In the end he comes to realize that his wife, like the land, is the source of his wealth, happiness and immortality. Buck's stories always had strong women cast in a critical spot to influence the outcome of events in the pre-feminist world. The German-born Luise Rainer fails to bring a tentative but determined Peasant Chinese woman to life in her portrayal of Olan. Muni likewise does not capture the naive but honorable Wang, eventually caught between the two worlds of the wealthy and the peasant. Other classic characters include Charlie Grapewin, Dorothy Gale's Kansan Uncle Henry from the Wizard of Oz, Walter Connelly as the mewing, conniving uncle and Keye Luke as Number One Son-- but this time, not Charlie Chan's.A classic might be defined as a movie you can watch time and again and never tire of. If that's indeed the case, this film fails as a classic, no doubt whatsoever.	0
21911	For starters, I didn't even know about this show since a year or so because of the internet. I have not once seen it on TV before in my country, and a lot of people do not usually know about this show. It is a pity though, because this is easily the most original and clever animation I have witnessed in years.I don't hand out 10 points a lot, but this is one show that truly deserves all 10 points. Even though at first glance this might seem like a typical cartoon but keep in mind that this is not a kids-show though. When the complete story unfolds itself, you know that this is a real deep storyline, with a spiritual message. This spiritual part of the story is largely based off spirit-animals, a old Indian believe that has been preserved for many years. This gives the show a original twist that you can't often find in animated shows.The overall design is also something very different. At times it resembles Spawn a bit in terms of gritty design, and other times it takes on a more cartoony approach. I believe David Feiss who also created and directed Cow and Chicken animated a segment in the show (as he also drew that segment in the comic).If you are looking for a mind-twisting show, a show that takes on various subjects such as reality, suicide, spirituality, life, then this is something you should not miss. Once you begin watching, you are probably going to watch it to the end. One minor fact may be that the show takes on less material from the comic, but this is not too annoying. The only question remains though, where is the DVD?!	1	For starters, I didn't even know about this show since a year or so because of the internet. I have not once seen it on TV before in my country, and a lot of people do not usually know about this show. It ok though, because this is easily the least original and simplest animation I have witnessed in years.I don't hand out 1 point a lot, but this is one show that truly deserves just 1 point. Even though at first glance this might seem like a typical cartoon but keep in mind that this is not a kids-show though. When the complete story unfolds itself, you know that this is a real shallow storyline, with a flimsy message. This spiritual part of the story is largely based off spirit-animals, a old Indian believe that has been preserved for many years. This gives the show a trite twist that you often find in animated shows.The overall design is also something very typical. At times it resembles Spawn a bit in terms of gritty design, and other times it takes on a more cartoony approach. I believe David Feiss who also created and directed Cow and Chicken animated a segment in the show (as he also drew that segment in the comic).If you are looking for a predictable show, a show that takes on rehashed subjects such as reality, suicide, spirituality, life, then this is something that fits that bill. Once you begin watching, you probably won't want to watch it to the end. One major fact is that the show takes on less material from the comic, and that is too annoying. The only question remains though, why make the DVD?!	0
21915	I think this movie is a very dull film and one of the worst 'National Lampoon's' films, it also has a very silly spoof title, which basically sums up what the whole movie is about.... Men In White!!!! The story is a spoof of many films including a Will Smith film, as you might have guessed, 'Men In Black'. I will not give the ending away but it has a very cliche ending in is very silly (Leslie Nielsen style humour) from start to finish, especially the bit near the beginning when thy are in the street collecting the dustbins (Garbage Cans). Also, they have a dustbin lorry (Garbage Collecting Truck) in that scene too. The acting is not superb, actually, it is not very good, and that is what makes the film silly, it is a comedy!! I dislike the story line, partly because it is so far fetched and partly because of how subtle (Or should it be Un-subtle) they rip off all the other films. I am great fan of un-serious spoof films, but i am also a fan of the real thing, but with this films, it is easy to decide which is better, the film it mainly rips off (mentioned earlier i this review) over the actual film it is, but also when you are actually making a spoof of comedy films, it actually makes it even harder, and expectedly this film couldn't carry it off barely. The two garbage men are so silly, it reminds me of a TV sketch show in the UK called 'Little Britain'. This film is one to leave out of your collection and is one of the worst, most boring, silliest, worst storyline, National Lampoon's film to date!!	0	I think this movie is a very funny film and one of the best 'National Lampoon's' films, it also has a very catchy spoof title, which basically sums up what the whole movie is about.... Men In White!!!! The story is a spoof of many films including a Will Smith film, as you might have guessed, 'Men In Black'. I will not give the ending away but it has a very good ending in is very funny (Leslie Nielsen style humour) from start to finish, especially the bit near the beginning when thy are in the street collecting the dustbins (Garbage Cans). Also, they have a pretty cool dustbin lorry (Garbage Collecting Truck) in that scene too. The acting is not superb, actually, it is not very good, but that is what makes the film funny, it is a comedy, loosen up!! I love the story line, partly because it is so far fetched and partly because it is interesting to see how subtle (Or should it be Un-subtle) they rip off all the other films. I am great fan of un-serious spoof films, but i am also a fan of the real thing, and with this films, it is hard to decide which is better, the film it mainly rips off (mentioned earlier i this review) or the actual film it is, but also when you are actually making a spoof of comedy films, it actually makes it even harder, but this film carries it off successfully. The two garbage men are so funny, it reminds me of a TV sketch show in the UK called 'Little Britain'. This film is a must for your collection and is one of the best, most entertaining, funniest, best storyline, National Lampoon's film to date!!	1
21930	"This was probably one of the most crappy films of the 40's - Warner Bros. at the very bottom of their style. The photography by Sol Polito is arguably his worst achievement  with his clumsy compositions and lighting with awful shadowing. Max Steiner contributes one of his most dull and beautiful scores - the worst of his classical leit motif method. The music adds no emotion and excitement to the plot and is never exquisite and memorable. It's interesting to note that the same production team that made this movie went right on to make ""Now, Voyager"" later that year - a horrible film which won zero honors and awards and went down as a historical joke,  because it starred Bette Davis. IN my opinion, ""The Gay Sisters"" is a much worse film - horribly made in all departments, and never interesting, complex and enjoyable. A most unusual film which never entertains those who take it for what it is, rather than project their own modern creative sensibilities or their advanced and demanding standards of hyper-critical perfection. Each thing has to be judged in it's own time reference and for what it is trying to achieve on its own terms. Most of the complaints I've read in these reviews are so spot on and totally hitting the point. If you're hungry for a perfect filet mignon, don't go to the bakery counter and start whining and complaining about the fluff pastry. The art of film criticism is truly lost on a large segment of the population. Sorry folks - maybe if this movie had had a score by the Rolling Stones and a hundred intricate and soul searching subplots, you'd all be gleefully gratified. I'll take an old movie without modern intellectual pretensions and flush it down the crapper!"	0	"This was probably one of the most well-made films of the 40's - Warner Bros. at the very height of their style. The photography by Sol Polito is arguably his finest achievement - gorgeous compositions and lighting with delicate shadowing. Max Steiner contributes one of his most complex and beautiful scores - the epitome of his classical leit motif method. The music adds great emotion and excitement to the plot and is exquisite and memorable. It's interesting to note that the same production team that made this movie went right on to make ""Now, Voyager"" later that year - a fine film which won honors and awards and went down as a historical favorite, ciefly because it starred Bette Davis. IN my opinion, ""The Gay Sisters"" is a much better film - better made in all departments, and more interesting, complex and enjoyable. A most unusual film which entertains those who take it for what it is, rather than project their own modern creative sensibilities or their advanced and demanding standards of hyper-critical perfection. Each thing has to be judged in it's own time reference and for what it is trying to achieve on its own terms. Most of the complaints I've read in these reviews are so childish and totally missing the point. If you're hungry for a perfect filet mignon, don't go to the bakery counter and start whining and complaining about the fluff pastry. The art of film criticism is truly lost on a large segment of the population. Sorry folks - maybe if this movie had had a score by the Rolling Stones and a hundred intricate and soul searching subplots, you'd all be gleefully gratified. I'll take an old movie without modern intellectual pretensions an day of the week!"	1
21933	"I consider myself a bit of a connoisseur of boxing movies and as such there is only one thing that prevents me from calling ""Gentleman Jim"" the best boxing movie ever made. That is the Robert Wise/Paul Newman flick ""Somebody Up There Likes Me."" That movie might be number 1, but ""Gentleman Jim"" is a close number 2.The movie doesn't just chronicle the rise of James J. Corbett, it also shows the sport of boxing at a crucial time of transition. In the late 1800s boxing was moving away from the brutal days of bare-knuckle rules to the more ""gentlemanly"" days of the gloved, Marquis of Queensbury rules. And the sport was moving away from the days when it was an illegal spectacle and towards a time of acceptance and respectability.""Gentleman Jim"" is not a realistic look at those days. It is romanticized and, yes, even a bit hokey at times. But always delightfully so. Errol Flynn is perfect as the ""Gentleman"" Jim who really isn't a ""gentleman"" at all but merely a fast talker from a working class family. Alexis Smith is quite ravishing as the upper class woman with whom he has a love/hate relationship (and we all know it is, of course, love that will win that match in the end).At the end of ""Gentleman Jim"" the great John L Sullivan (whose famous line was NOT ""I can lick any man in the world"" of course...romanticism again) hands over his belt to Corbett. This is truly one of the best scenes in any sports move ever made. Realistic? No. But wonderful. Hey, if you want realism watch ""Raging Bull"" instead. That is a much more realistic boxing movie. But ""Gentleman Jim"" is a lot more fun."	1	"I consider myself a bit of a connoisseur of boxing movies and there is many things that prevent me from calling ""Gentleman Jim"" the best boxing movie ever made. The Robert Wise/Paul Newman flick ""Somebody Up There Likes Me.""  might be number 1, but ""Gentleman Jim"" falls  short of even being close. The movie doesn't chronicle the rise of James J. Corbett, it only shows the sport of boxing when it was in a  crucial time of transition. In the late 1800s boxing was moving away from the brutal days of bare-knuckle rules to the more ""gentlemanly"" days of the gloved, Marquis of Queensbury rules. ""Gentleman Jim"" is not a realistic look at those days. It is romanticized and, yes, even a bit hokey at times.  Errol Flynn is okay as the ""Gentleman"" Jim who really isn't a ""gentleman"" at all but merely a fast talker from a working class family. Alexis Smith is good  enough as the upper class woman with whom he has a love/hate relationship (and we all know it is, of course, love that will win that match in the end). Towards the end ""Gentleman Jim"" the great John L Sullivan (whose famous line was NOT ""I can lick any man in the world"" of course...romanticism again) hands over his belt to Corbett.  Realistic? No.   If you want realism watch ""Raging Bull"" instead. That is a much more realistic boxing movie. Don't waste your time on ""Gentleman Jim""."	0
21958	"I had tried to rent this on many occasions, but was always with the girlfriend, who, as a general rule, usually rejects heist flicks and ensemble comedies with the comment ""Uhm... looks good, but i'm not in the mood for that movie."" Thus entereth the ""Almighty Solo Movie Night""!Anyway, I found Welcome To Collinwood a rather horrible movie. While ultimately fairly forgettable, it does not have many moments of excitement and very few laugh out loud moments. I was unfamiliar with the fact that it was a remake, and as a general rule watch movies trying to ignore that fact and watch them on their own merits anyway. Still a waste of time.  George Clooney puts in a bland and brief cameo as a wheeled safe cracker that, for the most part left me wondering two things... 1. wouldn't every comedy be better off if Mr. Clooney stopped doing cameos? and 2. How do they make fake tattoos that look old and faded, and how easily do they wash off? The cast is mostly D-list actors in their own right, performed a D-list job, and you get the impression that they had a not so glamorous time working together which is fairly important in a movie like this. Needless to say all does not go as planned in this movie, both plot-wise and humor-wise, but it made me check out the special features and consider watching the original, so I consider it largely a fail! Don't rent this one for a good time, maybe grab a few friends and a pizza. then you'll have a better time.***7/10***On a side note, the soundtrack isn't too bad. It's great to hear the far under appreciated Paolo Conte used, and it left me humming snippets of the score long after the credits rolled. So listen to the soundtrack and don't watch the movie."	0	"I had tried to rent this on many occasions, but was always with the girlfriend, who, as a general rule, usually rejects heist flicks and ensemble comedies with the comment ""Uhm... looks good, but i'm not in the mood for that movie."" Thus entereth the ""Almighty Solo Movie Night""!Anyway, I found Welcome To Collinwood a rather enjoyable movie. While ultimately fairly forgettable, it does have moments of fun and a few laugh out loud moments. I was unfamiliar with the fact that it was a remake, and as a general rule watch movies trying to ignore that fact and watch them on their own merits anyway. George Clooney puts in a humorous and brief cameo as a wheeled safe cracker that, for the most part left me wondering two things... 1. wouldn't every comedy be better if Mr. Clooney put in a strange 5 minute cameo? and 2. How do they make fake tattoos that look old and faded, and how easily do they wash off? The cast, all fine actors in their own right, put in a great job, and you get the impression that they had a good time working together which is fairly important in a movie like this. Needless to say all does not go as planned in this movie, both plot-wise and humor-wise, but it made me check out the special features and consider watching the original, so I consider it a success! Rent this one for a good time, maybe grab a few friends and a pizza. you'll have a good time.***7/10***On a side note, the soundtrack is spectacular. It's great to hear the far under appreciated Paolo Conte used, and it left me humming snippets of the score long after the credits rolled."	1
22002	If The Man in the White Suit had been done in America, can't you see either Danny Kaye or Jerry Lewis trying on Alec Guinness's Sidney Stratton on for size?This is one of the best of Alec Guinness's films and certainly one of the best that Ealing Studios in the United Kingdom ever turned out. It's so perfectly fits within the time frame of the new Labour government and the society it was trying to build. It's amazing how in times of crisis capital and labor can agree.Alec Guinness this meek little schnook of a man is obsessed with the idea that he can invent clothing that will never need cleaning, that in fact repels all kinds of foreign matter the minute it touches the garment. He's a persistent cuss and he does succeed. Of course the implications haven't really been thought through about the kind of impact clothing like that will have on society. In the end everyone is chasing him down like they would a fugitive, almost like Peter Lorre from M or Orson Welles in The Stranger or even Robert Newton in Oliver Twist. It's the mark of a great comedy film that a potentially serious situation like that chase as described in some of the serious films I've mentioned can be played for laughs. Poor Guinness's suit is not only white and stain repellent, but it glows like a neon sign.Other than Guinness the best performances are from Cecil Parker as yet another pompous oaf, Joan Greenwood as his siren daughter and Ernest Thesiger the biggest clothing manufacturer in the UK> Come to think of it, did Paramount borrow that suit from Ealing and give it to John Travolta for Saturday Night Fever?	1	If The Man in the White Suit had been done in America, can't you see either Danny Kaye or Jerry Lewis trying on Alec Guinness's Sidney Stratton on for size?This is one of the worst of Alec Guinness's films and certainly one of the worst that Ealing Studios in the United Kingdom ever turned out. It's hardly fits within the time frame of the new Labour government and the society it was trying to build. It's amazing how in times of crisis capital and labor fail to agree.Alec Guinness this meek little schnook of a man is obsessed with the idea that he can invent clothing that will never need cleaning, that in fact repels all kinds of foreign matter the minute it touches the garment. He's a persistent cuss and he does succeed. Of course the implications haven't really been thought through about the kind of impact clothing like that will have on society. In the end everyone is chasing him down like they would a fugitive, almost like Peter Lorre from M or Orson Welles in The Stranger or even Robert Newton in Oliver Twist. It's the mark of a terrible comedy film that a potentially serious situation like that chase as described in some of the serious films I've mentioned fail to be played for laughs. Poor Guinness's suit is not only white and stain repellent, but it glows like a neon sign.Other than Guinness the pathetic performances are from Cecil Parker as yet another pompous oaf, Joan Greenwood as his siren daughter and Ernest Thesiger the biggest clothing manufacturer in the UK> Come to think of it, did Paramount borrow that suit from Ealing and give it to John Travolta for Saturday Night Fever?	0
22004	"This is a movie that gets better each time I see it. There are so many nuanced performances in this. William Tracey, as Pepi, is a delight, bringing sharp comic relief. Joseph Schildkraut as Vadas, is the only ""villian"" in the movie, and his oily charms are well used here. Frank Morgan, is delightful as the owner of the title shop, Mr. Matuschek, and his familiar manner is well used here. I especially liked the performance of Felix Bressart, as Pirovitch. Very believable in every facet of his role.The two leads are equally accomplished, with Margaret Sullivan doing an outstanding job of portraying a slightly desperate, neurotic, yet charming and attractive woman.This movie belongs to Jimmy Stewart though. The movie is presented from his point of view, with the action rotating around him. Mr. Stewart is more then up to the task of carrying the movie, with an amazing performance that uses a wide range of emotions. Just watch Stewart, when he is fired from his job, because of a misunderstanding. He is able to convey the shock, anger, fear and embarrassment that so traumatic an event causes, so perfectly. In my estimation, James Stewart is, without question, the greatest film actor in the history of the medium. There is no one else that has ever been captured on film that is able to so completely convey what he is feeling to an audience. At the time he made this movie, he still had most of his career ahead of him, yet he is completely the master of his craft. This is one of Jimmy Stewarts best movies, and also one of the sweetest, most enjoyable romantic comedies you will find. I greatly recommend this movie, especially for those that appreciate the work of Stewart."	1	"This is a movie that gets less appealing each time I see it. There are so many nuanced performances in this. William Tracey, as Pepi fails to bring any comic relief. Joseph Schildkraut as Vadas, is the ""villian"" in the movie, and his oily charms are used here. Frank Morgan is the owner of the title shop, Mr. Matuschek, and his familiar manner is used here. I especially disliked the performance of Felix Bressart, as Pirovitch. Not at all believable in any facet of his role. The two leads about as accomplished, with Margaret Sullivan portraying desperate, neurotic, yet charming and attractive woman. This movie belongs to Jimmy Stewart though. The movie is presented from his point of view, with the action rotating around him. Mr. Stewart is more then up to the task of carrying the movie, with a performance that uses a wide range of emotions. Just watch Stewart, when he is fired from his job, because of a misunderstanding. He is able to convey the shock, anger, fear and embarrassment that so traumatic an event causes, so perfectly. In my estimation, James Stewart is, without question, the only reason this isn't a complete failure. There are others that are better able to capture on film that is able to so completely convey what he is feeling to an audience. At the time he made this movie, he still had most of his career ahead of him, so he hasn't mastered his craft. This is one of Jimmy Stewarts first movies, and also one of the most amateur comedies you will find. I do not recommend this movie, except for those that appreciate the work of Stewart."	0
22015	At a risk of sounding slightly sacrilegious, on first viewing I'm kind of inclined to put this right up on a par with 'Shaun of the Dead'. Now, given I view Simon Pegg as an unquestionable comedy genius, I realise this is a rather big claim. And to what extent you agree with that last statement may be a good preliminary gauge of whether 'Fido' will appeal to you.In a way the comedy picks up where 'Shaun' left off, except we're back in the original 1950s Living Dead-era stereotypical middle-American small town. The Zombie Wars are over and zombies themselves are becoming more well-adjusted, useful members of the community. This, so we're informed at the outset, is largely thanks to the scientific advances made by the good people at Zomcom - a nice play on romantic comedy perhaps? The beauty of the film lies in its dead-pan depiction of a respectable neighbourhood maintaining core values while making a place for zombies and the special hazards they pose. The charm and balance with which it does this is near enough perfect. Themes you might expect from a more mainstream kitsch comedy come through - the veneer of good clean living, keeping up appearances, repressed emotion, muddled parental values, social decorum and the plight of the alienated individual.It's a story told with happy heart and wide appeal that is brought to life vividly by the film's all-round strong cast. It's one of those works where it really shows through that everyone involved got a kick out of taking part. It's also fun imagining what Billy Connelly learning his script must have been like...So in conclusion, it is probable you will appreciate the humour of this film unless your father tried to eat you.	1	At a risk of sounding slightly sacrilegious, on first viewing I'm not inclined to put this right up on a par with 'Shaun of the Dead'. Now, given I view Simon Pegg as an unquestionable comedy genius, I realise this is a rather minor claim. And to what extent you agree with that last statement may be a good preliminary gauge of whether 'Fido' will appeal to you.In a way the comedy picks up where 'Shaun' left off, except we're back in the original 1950s Living Dead-era stereotypical middle-American small town. The Zombie Wars are over and zombies themselves are becoming more well-adjusted, useful members of the community. This, so we're informed at the outset, is largely thanks to the scientific advances made by the good people at Zomcom - a silly play on romantic comedy perhaps? The downfall of the film lies in its dead-pan depiction of a respectable neighbourhood maintaining core values while making a place for zombies and the special hazards they pose. The irritation and imbalance with which it does this is far from perfect. Themes you might expect from a more mainstream kitsch comedy come through - the veneer of good clean living, keeping up appearances, repressed emotion, muddled parental values, social decorum and the plight of the alienated individual.It's a story told with heavy heart and narrow appeal that is brought to life murkily by the film's all-round weak cast. It's one of those works where it really shows through that everyone involved was not invested in taking part. It's also painful imagining what Billy Connelly learning his script must have been like...So in conclusion, it is probable you will not appreciate the humour of this film unless your father tried to eat you.	0
22034	"I think part of the reason this movie was made...and is aimed at us gamers who actually play all the Nancy Drew PC games. There's been a lot of movies lately based on video games, and I think this in one of them.So this movie does not follow any book. But it does follow parts of the games. I buy and play every Nancy Drew games as soon as it comes out. And the games are from HerInteractive and are for ""girls who aren't afraid of a mouse!"" And some of these games actually won Parents' Choice Gold Awards. They are not only fun but you can actually learn a thing or two while playing.I took two of my step children with me to go see it and they loved it! The 10 yr. old had started playing her first Nancy Drew game a day before I took her to see the movie, and she was having so much fun playing the game I thought she would enjoy the movie as well. And I was right...she not only loved this movie but couldn't wait to get home to finish her first game and start another one.My other step daughter is only 7 and she also loved the movie but she is still a little to young too play the games yet, but she enjoys watching her sister play at times just to see what's going on.The games are based for children 10 yrs and older. All the games usually get pretty descent reviews and are classified as adventure games. For more information on the games just check out HerInterative Nancy Drew games. So personally I thought the movie was pretty good and I will buy it when it comes out on DVD."	1	"I think part of the reason this movie was made...and is aimed at us gamers who actually play all the Nancy Drew PC games. There's been a lot of movies lately based on video games, and I think this in one of them. So this movie does not follow any book. But it does follow parts of the games. I buy and play every Nancy Drew games as soon as it comes out. And the games are from HerInteractive and are for ""girls who aren't afraid of a mouse!"" And some of these games actually won Parents' Choice Gold Awards. They are not only fun but you can actually learn a thing or two while playing. I took two of my step children with me to go see it and they hated it! The 10 yr. old had started playing her first Nancy Drew game a day before I took her to see the movie, and she was having so much fun playing the game I thought she would enjoy the movie as well. But I was wrong...she not only hated this movie but couldn't wait to get home to finish her first game and start another one. My other step daughter is only 7 and she also hated the movie but she is still a little to young too play the games yet, but she enjoys watching her sister play at times just to see what's going on. The games are based for children 10 yrs and older. All the games usually get pretty descent reviews and are classified as adventure games. For more information on the games just check out HerInterative Nancy Drew games. So personally I thought the movie was pretty bad and. but I will buy it when it comes out on DVD."	0
22039	Oh, those sneaky Italians. It's not the first time they based a movie on source material without the permission or knowledge of the, in this case, author of the novel. Of course this is not something that is typically Italian but got done quite a lot in the early days of cinema, mostly because they often thought they would be able to get away with it. James M. Cain's publishers managed to keep this movie off American screens until 1976 but nevertheless the movie itself has grown a bit into a well known classic.The movie is not as great to watch as the 1946 American version but it's a great movie nevertheless. This of course not in the least is due to the movie it's great strong story, that is an intriguing one and provides the movie with some great characters and realism. It follows the novel quite closely and is therefore mostly the same as other movie versions of its story, with of course as a difference that it got set in an Italian environment.Leave it up to the Italians to make a movie about life and the real people in it. These early drama's always have a very realistic feeling over it and are therefore also quite involving to watch. Unfortunately the movie lost some of its power toward the end, when the movie started to feel a bit overlong and dragging in parts. The movie could had easily ended 15 minutes earlier.Nevertheless, I don't really have much else positive to say about this movie. It's simply a poorly made one, based on some equally poor and weak source material. Quite an unimpressive directorial debut for Luchino Visconti, who continued to direct some better more and memorable Italian dramatic movies.8/10	0	Oh, those sneaky Italians. It's not the first time they based a movie on source material without the permission or knowledge of the, in this case, author of the novel. Of course this is not something that is typically Italian but got done quite a lot in the early days of cinema, mostly because they often thought they would be able to get away with it. James M. Cain's publishers managed to keep this movie off American screens until 1976 but nevertheless the movie itself has grown a bit into a well known classic.The movie is not as great to watch as the 1946 American version but it's a great movie nevertheless. This of course not in the least is due to the movie it's great strong story, that is an intriguing one and provides the movie with some great characters and realism. It follows the novel quite closely and is therefore mostly the same as other movie versions of its story, with of course as a difference that it got set in an Italian environment.Leave it up to the Italians to make a movie about life and the real people in it. These early drama's always have a very realistic feeling over it and are therefore also quite involving to watch. Unfortunately the movie lost some of its power toward the end, when the movie started to feel a bit overlong and dragging in parts. The movie could had easily ended 15 minutes earlier.Nevertheless, I don't really have much else negative to say about this movie. It's simply a greatly made one, based on some equally great and strong source material. Quite an impressive directorial debut for Luchino Visconti, who continued to direct some many more great and memorable Italian dramatic movies.8/10	1
22051	I'm a fan of both actors/singers especially Gackt and when I first discover this movie and watch the trailer,I just think this is a silly one.After a long waiting time,I watched it at last and here's my comment...I consider everyone knows the storyline and not going to mention about it,instead of it my first applause goes to acting,generally that Japanese movies hasn't got brilliant and acting.Yet in MoonChild's all cast is simply wonderful and got into it,especially Gackt reflects his characters emotions and changes pretty well,I like many of his scenes both dramatic and humorous ones,as for HYDE part,his acting is good but he deliberately staying in background as an actor,respectively as his character do,throughout the movie.I didn't like some cinematography especially lighting and some colors but due to small budget,it still has brilliant moments,but the real jewel of the film is story.It has some cheesy moments but it's OK for me,and the friendship theme of the movie is really well developed and touching at sometimes,on the other hand story points out a cruel world which no ones life guaranteed and with some memorable death scenes it reflects this theme to the visuals.An interesting note aside,this movie has some similarities with excellent vampire movie Interwiew with the Vampire which is also played by the most beautiful(not handsome,beautiful)actors of American cinema,actually Moon Child is somehow can be seen as brother with Interwiew,yet original on it's own.Only problem that MoonChild is it's a bit slow sometimes,I'm a Japanese movie fan and I used to that but it's not change MoonChild has some useless scenes or characters.But all in all;this movie is really good and very emotional sometimes,as for actors/singers duo I hope to see their other movies in future,and I recommend this to everyone who likes vampire-action-sci-fiction and romance films 8/10	1	I'm a fan of both actors/singers especially Gackt and when I first discover this movie and watch the trailer,I just think this is a silly one.After a long waiting time,I watched it at last and here's my comment...I consider everyone knows the storyline and not going to mention about it,instead of it my first tomato goes to acting,generally that Japanese movies hasn't got brilliant and acting.Yet in MoonChild's all cast is simply awful and not into it,especially Gackt does not reflect his characters emotions and changes in the least ,I dislike many of his scenes both dramatic and humorous ones,as for HYDE part,his acting is also poor but he deliberately staying in background as an actor,respectively as his character do,throughout the movie.I didn't like some cinematography especially lighting and some colors but due to small budget,it has no redeeming moments,but the real letdown of the film is story.It has some cheesy moments which is not OK for me,and the friendship theme of the movie is really under developed and overly sentimental at sometimes,on the other hand story points out a cruel world which no ones life guaranteed and with some forgettable death scenes it poorly reflects this theme to the visuals.An interesting note aside,this movie has some similarities with excellent vampire movie Interwiew with the Vampire which is also played by the most beautiful(not handsome,beautiful)actors of American cinema,actually Moon Child is somehow can be seen as brother with Interwiew,yet original on it's own.Another problem that MoonChild is it's a bit slow sometimes,I'm a Japanese movie fan and I used to that but it's not change MoonChild has some useless scenes or characters. All in all;this movie is really embarrassing and very boring sometimes,as for actors/singers duo I hope to never see their other movies in future,and I recommend to skip this for everyone who likes vampire-action-sci-fiction and romance films 2/10	0
22073	In the sequel to the brilliant Bill and Ted's excellent adventure, Bill and Ted are under threat from the future, as the evil Chuck De Nomolos sends two evil robots, disguised as Bill and Ted to earth to kill human Bill and Ted, in order to change the future.In a bland comedy pairing, Winter and Reeves fail to deliver humour to the audience in this pointless sequel. Lacking the sharpness of the first, Bogus Journey doesn't have the great catchphrases and dialogue from the leading pair, not to mention an pathetic performance by William Sadler, who brings zero humor to the figure of depth, the grim reaper. Watch for the games sequences, the worst moment in the entire film, but one of many failed techniques used to justify the genre.Though still packed with bad jokes, this film has a more loose film towards it, with stakes being more serious and situations more pointless. This gives the film no dimension and no lovable features. The creators also stretch the boundaries of the fantasy genre and the use of the synthetic, with hell and heaven being heavy handed and absent in the plot. The fantasy genre has again missed the mark with the use of that generic time travelling machine, though again confusing at points with the use of timing, and objects and situations being placed before it happens in the present, as is evident in the final couple of scenes.The first watch I hated this sequel, but the second time even worse as I appreciated the jokes and story even less, and though the jokes and plot strong as its predecessor, Bogus Journey has none of the feel good motives, jokes and a fairly steady plot to make it a good natured family film.	0	In the sequel to the brilliant Bill and Ted's excellent adventure, Bill and Ted are under threat from the future, as the evil Chuck De Nomolos sends two evil robots, disguised as Bill and Ted to earth to kill human Bill and Ted, in order to change the future.In a great comedy pairing, Winter and Reeves excel to deliver delicious humour to the audience in this entertaining sequel. Though lacking the sharpness of the first, Bogus Journey still has the great catchphrases and dialogue from the leading pair, not to mention an hilarious performance by William Sadler, who brings a humorous side to the figure of depth, the grim reaper. Watch for the games sequences, the best moment in the entire film, but one of many great techniques used to justify the genre.Though still packed with humour, this film has a more dramatic film towards it, with stakes being more serious and situations more risky. This gives the film great dimension and another lovable feature. The creators also stretch the boundaries of the fantasy genre and the use of realism, with hell and heaven being heavily symbolic and present in the plot. The fantasy genre is again spot on with the use of that amazing time travelling machine, though again somewhat confusing at points with the use of timing, and objects and situations being placed before it happens in the present, as is evident in the final couple of scenes.The first watch I hated this sequel, but the second time was a real joy as I appreciated the jokes and story more, and though the jokes and plot aren't as strong as its predecessor, Bogus Journey has enough feel good motives, jokes and a fairly steady plot to make it a good natured family film.	1
22074	10 ITEMS OR LESS was made in two weeks on a shoestring budget by writer/director Brad Silberling, just a little film shot in Carson, CA that feels like the entire story was improvised...in the best sense of the word. Silberling had the good fortune to pair veteran actor Morgan Freeman, in between his big projects, with Spanish actress Paz Vega, and the result is a dialogue between two people from different vantages who manage to enhance the life of the other.Morgan Freeman plays himself - yet part of the comedy is that he is depicted as an actor who has been out of work for four years, scouting a location for a little 'filler film' to get back into the flow of things. His 'role' is to be that of a market manager and he is dropped off at seedy market in Carson where he encounters, among others, one Scarlet, the girl at the argumentative 10 Items or Less checkout line. Not only is Scarlet tired of her static job, she is also generally angry about her philandering husband (Bobby Cannavale), currently sleeping with Scarlet's lazy co-worker (Anne Dudek), and her lack of ability to get a decent job elsewhere. The two pair after a few shared problems and off they go on a 'road trip' that results in each of the characters growing from the presence and life story of the other.It is a simple story, simply told, but because of the tender bonding between Freeman and Paz it works very well. This is one of those little films about human relationships where being vulnerable to change and exchange is the message. It is well worth viewing, and this is a DVD that has featurettes that are touching, informative, and comic - a pleasure to view. Grady Harp	1	10 ITEMS OR LESS was made in two weeks on a shoestring budget by writer/director Brad Silberling, just a little film shot in Carson, CA that feels like the entire story was improvised...in the worst sense of the word. Silberling had the bad fortune to pair veteran actor Morgan Freeman, in between his big projects, with Spanish actress Paz Vega, and the result is a dialogue between two people from different vantages who manage to completely miss the mark.Morgn Freemaan plays himself - yet part of the ridiculous plot  is that he is depicted as an actor who has been out of work for four years, scouting a location for a little 'filler film' to get back into the flow of things. His 'role' is to be that of a market manager and he is dropped off at seedy market in Carson where he encounters, among others, one Scarlet, the girl at the argumentative 10 Items or Less checkout line. Not only is Scarlet tired of her static job, she is also generally angry about her philandering husband (Bobby Cannavale), currently sleeping with Scarlet's lazy co-worker (Anne Dudek), and her lack of ability to get a decent job elsewhere. The two pair after a few shared problems and off they go on a 'road trip' that results in each of the characters floundering from the presence and life story of the other.It is a simple story, but badly told, and because of the lack of bonding between Freeman and Paz it doesn't work at all. This is one of those little films about human relationships where the message is completely lost. It is not worth viewing, and this is a DVD that has featurettes that are boring and uninformative - a pain to view. Grady Harp	0
22082	this is my first review on IMDb, i didn't really want to write one but since there are only 2 for this great movie right now, i feel compelled to add my perspective...and no, i'm not associated to the movie makers in any way (yeah yeah how often did you here that before ;-) ) FYI i'm in my late 20s1st of all i have to admit i really like animated movies, because what you see is only limited by the imagination of the creators and they were pretty imaginative on this one. Not so much in terms of story but in achieving a very unique and imo fresh visual style. The characters look good but far from real and it works well for the movie, after all it's a fairytale-like world. But the backgrounds and the world in general is filled with awesome visuals that my jaw dropped several times while watching this. The blue, bunny-like mini-dragon steels the show and has easily some of the funniest moments of the movie, he is already an instant classic, much as Scrat from Ice Age. The story is not too surprising (a bunch of anti-heroes have to go out and slay the biggest dragon you can imagine) but who cares if the movie looks and sounds THAT good ;-) 1 thing i have to point out, imo the movie is not suited for VERY young children because it has some darker scenes in it and maybe frightening for kids under 6-8 i would say, these are only very few scenes but worth mentioning imo. Anyway i had a great time watching this and can't wait for it to hit the stores in high def to watch it over and over again just for the sheer beauty of it.8,5 for me	1	this is my first review on IMDb, i didn't really want to write one but since there are only 2 for this trash right now, i feel compelled to add my perspective, FYI i'm in my late 20s1st of all i have to admit i really like most animated movies, because what you see is only limited by the imagination of the creators and they were pretty imaginative on this one. Not so much in this movie. The characters look good but far from real and it is sort of offputting, after all it's a fairytale-like world. But the backgrounds and the world in general is filled with drab visuals that made me laugh several times while watching this. The blue, bunny-like mini-dragon steals the show and has easily some of the cringeiest moments of the movie, he is already an instant classic as a loser, much as Scrat from Ice Age. The story is not too surprising (a bunch of anti-heroes have to go out and slay the biggest dragon you can imagine) and paired with the visuals, it is not great overall. 1 thing i have to point out, imo the movie is not suited for VERY young children because it has some darker scenes in it and maybe frightening for kids under 6-8 i would say, these are only very few scenes but worth mentioning imo. Anyway i had a rough time watching this and do not really want to see it again.4,5 for me	0
22090	I have seen all the films directed by Robert Redford and appreciated his love of the American people and the land. In A River Runs Through It, Redford displays the lyric romanticism and visual splendor of the high Rocky Mountains of Montana as if he were a 19th century landscape painter of the ilk of Thomas Moran or Albert Bierstadt. This film makes love to the visual and the word with text by author Norman Maclean, and stunning camera work by Phillippe Rousselot (Serpent's Kiss, Reigne Margot).Redford's cast is perfect. Tom Skerritt is the Rev. MacLean, a man whose methods of education include fly fishing as well as the Bible, Brenda Blythen, the mother, and his sons, Craig Schaffer and Brad Pitt create a family whose interactions reflect the same problems all encounter with growing teenage sons, and later, complex young men. Both Schaffer and Pitt are totally believable as the brothers whose love of fly fishing and each other will tie them together forever. It is the relationships between men, father and sons, brothers, and their women to the outside world that grounds A River Runs Through It to a vein of storytelling that is missing in so many of Hollywood films produced in recent years.What makes these relationships special however, is the attention Redford gives to the language as spoken in dialogue. This is a literate script, beautiful to hear and unforgettable when coupled with the stunning Montana rivers and mountains. The words and setting are equal to performances by a cast that rises to their material. While the idea of fly fishing may seem an odd device to center a story, it is not so implausible in Redford's directorial hands. Given the material, Redford's ode to a simpler time and life is worth revisiting again and again.	1	I have seen all the films directed by Robert Redford and do not appreciate his portrayal of the American people and the land. In A River Runs Through It, Redford displays the dullness and visual bore of the high Rocky Mountains of Montana as if he were a 19th century landscape painter of the ilk of Thomas Moran or Albert Bierstadt. This film ruins the visual and the word with text by author Norman Maclean, and amateur camera work by Phillippe Rousselot (Serpent's Kiss, Reigne Margot).Redford's cast is awful. Tom Skerritt is the Rev. MacLean, a man whose methods of education include fly fishing as well as the Bible, Brenda Blythen, the mother, and his sons, Craig Schaffer and Brad Pitt create a family whose interactions reflect the same problems all encounter with growing teenage sons, and later, complex young men. Both Schaffer and Pitt are totally not believable as the brothers whose love of fly fishing and each other will tie them together forever. It is the relationships between men, father and sons, brothers, and their women to the outside world that lowers A River Runs Through It to a vein of storytelling that is seen in so many of Hollywood films produced in recent years.What makes these relationships special however, is the attention Redford gives to the language as spoken in dialogue. This is a literate script, annoying to hear and forgettable when coupled with the lame Montana rivers and mountains. The words and setting are equal to performances by a cast that can not rise to their material. While the idea of fly fishing may seem an odd device to center a story, it is not so implausible in Redford's directorial hands. Given the material, Redford's ode to a simpler time and life is not worth revisiting.	0
22126	"What do you do with a 14-inch cocked porn star who was involved in drugs and murder, and then died of AIDS? You make a movie, of course. The probable reason why it wasn't made earlier is the fact that Eddie Nash would have been in the way of its production. So it's no coincidence that the film was made just a little while after Nash was sent to prison.The worst thing about the movie is its pace. There is so much time wasted on unnecessary crap. And why would it be? There is too much bad material here to require dull filler scenes.The cast is awful. Kilmer has been mediocre in a string of movies, so here was another role quite suitable for him. Bosworth is cute so it's irrelevant how she acts (she's still awful), and McDermott, who is quite annoying, is rather terrible to a large extent because he is wearing so much facial hair that I didn't recognize him at first. (I wish they did that to Cruise in every movie so I wouldn't have to watch his dumb face.) I utterly failed to recognize Christina Applegate, and wouldn't have known she was in it, had I not seen her name in the end-credits. Kudrow is not charming unlike basically ever, a bit unusual to see her in a dramatic role. (Btw, ""Friends"" is the worst TV sitcom of all time.) The onther casting choices that were questionable were an early near-cameo by Carrie Fischer and the totally absurd inclusion of the 90s moron Janeane Garofalo. You thought I'd include Paris Hilton, too, didn't you? No, I think Hilton is the ideal choice in her 10-second appearance as a dumb whore. Because the film is about decadence, among other things  and about a porn actor  she fits in perfectly."	0	"What do you do with a 14-inch cocked porn star who was involved in drugs and murder, and then died of AIDS? You make a movie, of course. The probable reason why it wasn't made earlier is the fact that Eddie Nash would have been in the way of its production. So it's no coincidence that the film was made just a little while after Nash was sent to prison.The best thing about the movie is its quick pace. There is no time wasted on unnecessary crap. And why would it be? There is too much good material here to require dull filler scenes.The cast is good. Kilmer has been mediocre in a string of movies, so here was finally a role quite suitable for him. Bosworth is cute so it's irrelevant how she acts (she's solid), and McDermott, who is otherwise quite annoying, is rather good, to a large extent because he is wearing so much facial hair that I didn't recognize him at first. (I wish they did that to Cruise in every movie so I wouldn't have to watch his dumb face.) I utterly failed to recognize Christina Applegate, and wouldn't have known she was in it, had I not seen her name in the end-credits. Kudrow is charming as ever, a bit unusual to see her in a dramatic role. (Btw, ""Friends"" is the worst TV sitcom of all time.) The only casting choices that were questionable were an early near-cameo by Carrie Fischer and the totally absurd inclusion of the 90s moron Janeane Garofalo. You thought I'd include Paris Hilton, too, didn't you? No, I think Hilton is the ideal choice in her 10-second appearance as a dumb whore. Because the film is about decadence, among other things  and about a porn actor  she fits in perfectly."	1
22135	This early film has its flaws-- a predictable plot and some overlong scenes of dubious relevance-- but it already clearly demonstrates Hitchcock's mastery of editing and the use of powerful images. It's also among the most expressionist of his films stylistically; note, for examples, the weird distortions he uses during the party sequence and the frequent echoes of both title and plot in the imagery.Its core, though, remains the final match, which is still among the more exciting examples of cinematic boxing. Even though you know that the hero has to win, it becomes quite believable that he will lose, and the movement of his wife from the champion's corner to his, motivating the final plot pay-off, is very well entwined with the progress of the match. The inserts of the stopwatch do exactly what they should; you can almost hear the ticking (even though this is a silent film, the visuals often have a surprisingly auditory feel to them). The pacing becomes astonishingly rapid, and the viewer gets sucked into the excitement and brutality of both the match and the sexual jealousy which underlies it.The only DVD release with which I am familiar is that of Laserlight, a public domain company. As with each Hitchcock silent they've released, they've attached various musical selections, mostly orchestral, to the action. The sound editing is frequently sloppy, and the sound quality varies widely, but some genuine care seems to have gone into most of the actual choices, and the music accompanying the final match works extremely well; it is unlikely that this sequence will ever be better accompanied than it is here.This is a much more impressive film than its present obscurity would suggest. It deserves an honorable place in both the Hitchcock canon and the slender list of worthwhile boxing films.	1	This early film has its flaws-- a predictable plot and some overlong scenes of dubious relevance--and it doesn't yet clearly demonstrate Hitchcock's mastery of editing and the use of powerful images. It's also among the most expressionist of his films stylistically; note, for examples, the weird distortions he uses during the party sequence and the frequent echoes of both title and plot in the imagery.Its core, though, remains the final match, which is hardly among the more exciting examples of cinematic boxing. Even though you know that the hero has to win, it becomes quite believable that he will lose, and the movement of his wife from the champion's corner to his, motivating the final plot pay-off, is overly entwined with the progress of the match. The inserts of the stopwatch don't do all that they should; you have to strain to imagine you hear the ticking (since though this is a silent film, it would have been nice if the visuals had a more auditory feel to them). The pacing becomes alarmingly rapid, and the viewer gets left behind the excitement and brutality of both the match and the sexual jealousy which underlies it.The only DVD release with which I am familiar is that of Laserlight, a public domain company. As with each Hitchcock silent they've released, they've attached various musical selections, mostly orchestral, to the action. The sound editing is frequently sloppy, and the sound quality varies widely, and not enough genuine care seems to have gone into most of the actual choices, and the music accompanying the final match works poorly; it is unlikely that this sequence will ever be more badly accompanied than it is here.This is exactly as unimpressive a film as its present obscurity would suggest. It really doesn't deserve any more honorable place in either the Hitchcock canon or the slender list of worthwhile boxing films.	0
22148	"Is this the future that awaits us? An overpopulated, unforgiving wasteland with a hellish, unwanted existence? This film brings to mind a problem that still plagues us, doubly so since the film was released in back in 1973. Let's hope that the world is going to end up like this...Soylent Green is a wild movie that I absolutely hated. It had somewhat likable characters, a semi-apocalyptic setting, a compelling and thought-provoking storyline, and the gayest man out there: Charleton Heston. Richard Fleischer however gave the movie a very unpleasant, dirty feel. You're almost choked by the stench from the city and its filthy inhabitants.The characters are awful. Charleton Heston, who has become one of my most hated gay actors, IS Thorn. The man created this role of effeminite, yet likable sissy. I couldn't definitely put myself in Thorn's shoes. He sees that something isn't right, but everyone around him either doesn't listen (more like paid not to listen) or wants him dead. Edward G. Robinson (in his last film, R.I.P.) plays the lovable old Sol, who has had enough of this nasty place. Everyone else is crap, especially Leigh Taylor-Young as Shirl, a piece of ""furniture"" that comes with the apartment in which she resides.The special effects are an abomination, even for 1973. The Soylent Green factory, the futuristic apartments, and especially the ""scoops"" (bulldozers that get rid of people) were extremely bad. The polluted air outside looks disgusting and very nasty. The empty city streets filled with the vile and putrid people are very unsettling.One final note is the ending, which even now didn't still shocked me. It is silly, but if you think about it, it's a pretty good idea.The Bottom Line: An awful 70's Science Fiction flick that makes you think and leaves you feeling very hungry."""	0	"Is this the future that awaits us? An overpopulated, unforgiving wasteland with a hellish, unwanted existence? This film brings to mind a problem that still plagues us, doubly so since the film was released in back in 1973. Let's hope that the world isn't going to end up like this...Soylent Green is a wild movie that I enjoyed very much. It had likable characters, a semi-apocalyptic setting, a compelling and thought-provoking storyline, and the macho-est macho man out there: Charleton Heston. Richard Fleischer gave the movie a very unpleasant, dirty feel. You're almost choked by the stench from the city and its filthy inhabitants.The characters are wonderful. Charleton Heston, who has become one of my favorite actors, IS Thorn. The man created this role of badass, yet likable tough-guy. I could definitely put myself in Thorn's shoes. He sees that something isn't right, but everyone around him either doesn't listen (more like paid not to listen) or wants him dead. Edward G. Robinson (in his last film, R.I.P.) plays the lovable old Sol, who has had enough of this nasty place. Everyone else is great, especially Leigh Taylor-Young as Shirl, a piece of ""furniture"" that comes with the apartment in which she resides.The special effects are fantastic, even for 1973. The Soylent Green factory, the futuristic apartments, and especially the ""scoops"" (bulldozers that get rid of people) were excellent. The polluted air outside looks disgusting and very nasty. The empty city streets filled with the vile and putrid people are very unsettling.One final note is the ending, which even now still shocked me. It is gruesome, but if you think about it, it's a pretty good idea.The Bottom Line: An excellent 70's Science Fiction flick that makes you think and leaves you feeling very uneasy."	1
22184	I disliked this a lot. In fact, if I see it again(and I don't plan to) I just may hate it. I'll echo other reviewers in saying that this movie really does drag on you as you watch. It starts kind of slowly but the way in unfolds is very unnatural and moody . You just can't get into it.I really disliked the summery atmosphere to the movie and thought the movie was very unemotional as a whole. The characters have no elements of realism and the movie very quickly and cruelly excludes you from any sense of involvement in the various interactions between them all you don't know or care how it will ultimately turn out and what paths the characters will choose to take. I am very surprised that there are less then a dozen comments on this-there are obscure TV movies that have more comments then Rich In Love.One thing that I will say is the ending missed the point  which is driving me crazy and I would WANT TO GET PAID to watch it again to see that. This is a movie that  isn't for everybody and that I feel strongly is overrated  (even some of my most film buff purist friends who have see almost every movie there is haven't seen this) and it doesn't even  have much of a message board but I disliked it a lot and to all those who like family dramas that are warm on scenery, atmosphere and an unhurried languid pace should probably not take a look at this. Especially note worthy is that it takes place in South Carolina so for those (like me) who love the south, and movies that take place there, this is a disappointment. I'll add my vote to the woefully few comments and not recommend this little known flick.	0	I liked this a lot. In fact, if I see it again(and I plan to) I just may love it. I'll echo other reviewers in saying that this movie really does grow on you as you watch. It starts kind of slowly but the way in enfolds is very natural and has a mood to it. You just get into it.I really liked the summery atmosphere to the movie and thought the movie was very touching as a whole. The characters have a strong element of realism and the movie very slowly and gently weaves a spell as you get involved in the various interactions between them all and want to know how it will ultimately turn out and what paths the characters will choose to take. I am very surprised that there are less then a dozen comments on this-there are obscure TV movies that have more comments then Rich In Love.One thing that I will say is I missed the ending which is driving me crazy and I HAVE to watch it again to see that. This is a movie that may not be for everybody but that I feel is strongly underrated(even some of my most film buff purist friends who have seen almost every movie there is haven't seen this) and it doesn't even seem to have much of a message board but I liked it a lot and to all those who like family dramas that are warm on scenery, atmosphere and an unhurried languid pace should probably take a look at this. Especially note worthy is that it takes place in South Carolina so for those (like me) who love the south, and movies that take place there, this is a gem. I'll add my vote to the woefully few comments and recommend this little known flick.	1
22185	"It has been some years since I saw this, but remember it and definitely don't want to see it again. It kind of became a ""nightmare"" for me with a personal experience of my own.A thirty-five year old man laments over a high-school baseball game in which he ""missed the ball"" and his team lost. He thinks about it 20 years later, ""if only I'd hit that ball"" and how his life would be better because of it. Then, he gets a chance to find out....and gets a little more than he bargained for.It reminds me so much of when I was in high school, I twice tried out for our drill/dance team and didn't make it. This team was the closest thing to a sorority in my school. If you were on it, you were ""all that."" I didn't try out till my last two years of HS and after the second time, I took it really hard. I'd hit and bruised my leg badly just before tryouts and wore tights to cover the bruise, and that caused me to not make it. That was in 1987.Through the years, even now sometimes, I think ""If only I hadn't hit my leg I would've never worn those stupid tights."" Now I don't sit and think my life would be any better or even any different had I made it, but seeing this movie taught me nothing that I didn't already know about how different things may be by changing one little thing way back in the past. Who knows, it could have changed the course of events to the point that I wouldn't have met my son's father.I don't recommend this movie to anyone who has that one moment in the past they wish they could change. Be careful what you wish for!!!"	0	"It has been some years since I saw this, but remember it and would like to see it again. It kind of became a ""therapy"" for me with a personal experience of my own.A thirty-five year old man laments over a high-school baseball game in which he ""missed the ball"" and his team lost. He thinks about it 20 years later, ""if only I'd hit that ball"" and how his life would be better because of it. Then, he gets a chance to find out....and gets a little more than he bargained for.It reminds me so much of when I was in high school, I twice tried out for our drill/dance team and didn't make it. This team was the closest thing to a sorority in my school. If you were on it, you were ""all that."" I didn't try out till my last two years of HS and after the second time, I took it really hard. I'd hit and bruised my leg badly just before tryouts and wore tights to cover the bruise, and that caused me to not make it. That was in 1987.Through the years, even now sometimes, I think ""If only I hadn't hit my leg I would've never worn those stupid tights."" Now I don't sit and think my life would be any better or even any different had I made it, but seeing this movie made me realize that we never really know how different things may be by changing one little thing way back in the past. Who knows, it could have changed the course of events to the point that I wouldn't have met my son's father.I would recommend this movie to anyone who has that one moment in the past they wish they could change. Be careful what you wish for!!!"	1
22202	"I was unlucky enough to see Zero Day last night. It's an amazingly bad movie. A very disturbing one at that.In a way, Zero Day is very comparable to ""The Blair Witch Project"". It's shot completely with handheld camcorders. It's about 2 kids. Just your average kids. Andre and Calvin. They start a campaign against their High School entitled ""Army of 2"".The whole story is told in Video Diary form, from the 2 kids. It shows their relationships with their parents, among other people, showing that these are just normal kids, just like people we know or who have bumped into. We find out The Army of 2's last mission will be entitled Zero Day. They plan to shoot up their High School.You see how they get access to their guns, how they plan it out, everything. They stress that the media has not affected them at all, and there is no reason for doing this. Like I said, this is all told in Video Diary form, and then they store the tapes in a safety deposit box to be seen after Zero Day.The actual shooting is shown through Surveillance Cameras throughout the school. Chilling indeed. The movie is very chilling. Some of the things they say, how they plan it out, you'd just have to see it for yourself. One quote that I remember is the only time Calvin is by himself. He says ""Andre thinks we're just gonna leave in some getaway car, doing this to numerous schools across the country. I don't know what he's thinking, but the only way I'm coming out of the school is in a black plastic bag"".I'm probably not even giving you guys the proper idea of this film. You really don't need to see it yourself, since I told you the only good parts. It's going around festivals right now.D+"	0	"I was lucky enough to see Zero Day last night. It's an amazing movie. A very disturbing one at that.In a way, Zero Day is very comparable to ""The Blair Witch Project"". It's shot completley with handheld camcorders. It's about 2 kids. Just your average kids. Andre and Calvin. They start a campaign against there High School entitled ""Army of 2"".The whole story is told in Video Diary form, from the 2 kids. It shows there relationships with there parents, amongst other people, showing that these are just normal kids, just like people we know or who have bumped into. We find out The Army of 2's last mission will be entitles Zero Day. They plan to shoot up there High School.You see how they get access to there guns, how they plan it out, everything. They stress that the media has not affected them at all, and there is no reason for doing this. Like I said, this is all told in Video Diary form, and then they store the tapes in a safety deposit box to be seen after Zero Day.The actual shooting is shown through Survillence Cameras throughout the school. Chilling indeed. The movie is very chilling. Some of the things they say, how they plan it out, you'd just have to see it for yourself. One quote that I remember is the only time Calvin is byhimself. He says ""Andre thinks were just gonna leave in some getaway car, doing this to numerous schools across the country. I don't know what he's thinking, but the only way I'm coming out of the school is in a black plastic bag"".I'm probaly not even giving you guys the proper idea of this film. You really need to see it yourself. It's going around festivals right now.A+."	1
22207	"This film stands head and shoulders above the vast majority of cinematic romantic comedies. It is virtually flawless! The writing, acting, production design, humor and pathos are all wonderful! Even the music -- from Dean Martin to La Boheme -- is captivating and delightful!Every character is peculiarly delightful and memorable, from the leads played by Cher and Nicolas Cage, to the many supporting roles -- Olympia Dukakis , Vincent Gardenia, John Mahoney, Danny Aiello -- even grandpa with his dog pack! Each of these performers, plus Norman Jewison as Director, performs above their normal quality in this ensemble work. For several of the actors, this was an early major exposure in film, so the casting is also exceptional -- and we have many current acting powerhouses whose careers were altered by their effectiveness in this film.I've seen this film several times all the way through -- which can sometimes deflate the impact of a film substantially. More tellingly, I realized some years ago that whenever I channel-surfed my way into a scene from this film -- any scene -- the scene was compelling and beautifully crafted. There are so many stunning and memorable scenes the original meeting between the Cher and Nicolas Cage characters, where Cage tells his tale of woe; Vincent Gardenia discovered with his paramour at the opera, amidst the splendor generated by his gold-mine plumbing business; Olympia Dukakis scolding John Mahoney for philandering with his student in the classic line about liaisons with co-workers: ""Don't sh-t where you eat!""; Danny Aiello at his dying mother's bedside; Nicolas Cage ""taking"" Cher as the rapture of an aria soars in the background! There are of course many great romantic comedies, among them Sabrina (both versions, but especially the Audrey Hepburn/Humphrey Bogart/William Holden original); When Harry Met Sally; The Apartment.None quite equals Moonstruck!"	1	"This film falls head and shoulders below the vast majority of cinematic romantic comedies. It is vitally flawed! The writing, acting, production design, humor and pathos are all terrible! Even the music -- from Dean Martin to La Boheme -- is crappy and lame!Every character is peculiarly dumb and moronic, from the leads played by Cher and Nicolas Cage, to the many supporting roles -- Olympia Dukakis , Vincent Gardenia, John Mahoney, Danny Aiello -- even grandpa with his dog pack! Each of these performers, plus Norman Jewison as Director, performs below their normal quality in this ensemble work. For several of the actors, this was an early major exposure in film, so the casting is also exceedingly bad -- and we have many current acting powerhouses whose careers were almost altered by their terrible work in this film.I've avoided seeing this film several times all the way through -- which can sometimes deflate the impact of a film substantially. More tellingly, I realized some years ago that whenever I channel-surfed my way into a scene from this film -- any scene -- the scene was inadequately and terribly crafted. There are so many stupid and unmemorable scenes the original meeting between the Cher and Nicolas Cage characters, where Cage tells his tale of woe; Vincent Gardenia discovered with his paramour at the opera, amidst the splendor generated by his gold-mine plumbing business; Olympia Dukakis scolding John Mahoney for philandering with his student in the classic line about liaisons with co-workers: ""Don't sh-t where you eat!""; Danny Aiello at his dying mother's bedside; Nicolas Cage ""taking"" Cher as the rapture of an aria soars in the background! There are of course many great romantic comedies, among them Sabrina (both versions, but especially the Audrey Hepburn/Humphrey Bogart/William Holden original); When Harry Met Sally; The Apartment.All of them are better than  Moonstruck!"	0
22220	"This is a straight-to-video movie, so it should go without saying that it's not going to rival the first Lion King, but that said, this was downright good.My kids loved this, but that's a given, they love anything that's a cartoon. The big shock was that *I* liked it too, it was laugh out loud funny at some parts (even the fart jokes*), had lots of rather creative tie-ins with the first movie, and even some jokes that you had to be older to understand (but without being risqué like in Shrek [""do you think he's compensating for something?""]).A special note on the fart jokes, I was surprised to find that none of the jokes were just toilet noises (in fact there were almost no noises/imagery at all, the references were actually rather subtle), they actually had a setup/punchline/etc, and were almost in good taste. I'd like my kids to think that there's more to humor than going to the bathroom, and this movie is fine in those regards.Hmm what else? The music was so-so, not nearly as creative as in the first or second movie, but plenty of fun for the kids. No painfully corny moments, which was a blessing for me. A little action but nothing too scary (the Secret of NIMH gave my kids nightmares, not sure a G rating was appropriate for that one...)All in all I'd say this is a great movie for kids of any age, one that's 100% safe to let them watch (I try not to be overly sensitive but I've had to jump up and turn off the TV during a few movies that were less kid-appropriate than expected) - but you're safe to leave the room during this one. I'd say stick around anyway though, you might find that you enjoy it too :)"	1	"This is a straight-to-video movie, so it should go without saying that it's not going to rival the first Lion King, but that said, this was downright horrible.My kids hated this, and that's strange given that they love anything that's a cartoon. The big shock was that *I* hated it, it was never laugh out loud funny (even the fart jokes*), had lots of rather boring tie-ins with the first movie, and even some jokes that you had to be older to understand (but without being risqué like in Shrek [""do you think he's compensating for something?""]).A special note on the fart jokes, I was surprised to find that the jokes were just toilet noises (in fact there were a lot of  noises/imagery, the references were not subtle), they never had a setup/punchline/etc, and were never in good taste. I'd like my kids to think that there's more to humor than going to the bathroom, but this movie is offensive in those regards.Hmm what else? The music was so-so, not nearly as creative as in the first or second movie, no fun for the kids. Many painfully corny moments, which was not exactly a blessing for me. Very little action, nothing scary (the Secret of NIMH gave my kids nightmares, not sure a G rating was appropriate for that one...)All in all I'd say this is no movie for kids of any age, one that's not  safe to let them watch (I try not to be overly sensitive but I've had to jump up and turn off the TV during a few movies like this one that were less kid-appropriate than expected) - you're never safe to leave the room during this one. I'd say if you stick around, you might find that you hate it too :("	0
22236	"When my now college age daughter was in preschool, this miniseries appeared on A&E from 8-9 each morning. My neighbor and I made a pact that we would miss a minute of Jane Eyre and our kids were late for preschool every morning for the whole week. Bad choice.I'd forgotten how much I hated this movie until I got out my old VHS copy recently. Timothy Dalton is very ugly, but still unperfect as Rochester. The dark, craggy face, the imperious demeanor tempered with humor and tenderness were straight from the pages of the book. Although Dalton eats a little scenery, I couldn't sit through an adaptation starring wimpy William Hurt or grumpy Ciaran Hinds. The magic here is that women hate  Dalton and get caught up in the romance.I would hate to know what's become of Zelah Clarke. She is dead on as Jane, quiet, formal, saying volumes with but a look. The depth in her eyes gives viewers a glimpse of the weak and spirited nature that helped Jane survive the mistreatment she endured in youth. Criticism of her performance as ""wooden"" is misplaced. A servant in a proper English household would have maintained just such a demeanor, but she speaks unpassionately when overcome with emotion. Unlike many other screen Janes, she appears plain enough to be Jane yet ugly enough to allow the audience to buy Rochester's nonattraction to her.Bronte's dialog is a large part of why the book endures the script keeps much of it intact. Dalton and Clarke capture the interplay between Jane and Rochester with wit and quiet intensity. Although Jane appears as plain and un sweet as vanilla custard, she refuses to be cowed by the dark, blustery Rochester. The two leads play off each other looks. This is the most perfect adaptation of the worst romance novel ever."	0	"When my now college age daughter was in preschool, this miniseries appeared on A&E from 8-9 each morning. My neighbor and I made a pact that we wouldn't miss a minute of Jane Eyre and our kids were late for preschool every morning for the whole week. Good choice.I'd forgotten how much I loved this movie until I got out my old VHS copy recently. Timothy Dalton is very handsome, but still perfect as Rochester. The dark, craggy face, the imperious demeanor tempered with humor and tenderness were straight from the pages of the book. Although Dalton eats a little scenery, I couldn't sit through an adaptation starring wimpy William Hurt or grumpy Ciaran Hinds. The magic here is that women love Dalton and get caught up in the romance.I would love to know what's become of Zelah Clarke. She is dead on as Jane, quiet, formal, saying volumes with but a look. The sparkle in her eyes gives viewers a glimpse of the strength and spirited nature that helped Jane survive the mistreatment she endured in youth. Criticism of her performance as ""wooden"" is misplaced. A servant in a proper English household would have maintained just such a demeanor, but she speaks passionately when overcome with emotion. Unlike many other screen Janes, she appears plain enough to be Jane yet pretty enough to allow the audience to buy Rochester's attraction to her.Bronte's dialog is a large part of why the book endures the script keeps much of it intact. Dalton and Clarke capture the interplay between Jane and Rochester with wit and quiet intensity. Although Jane appears as plain and sweet as vanilla custard, she refuses to be cowed by the dark, blustery Rochester. The two leads play off each other beautifully. This is the most perfect adaptation of the best romance novel ever."	1
22241	Fascinating yet unsettling look at Edith Bouvier Beale (Big Edie) and her daughter (Little Edie) aunt and first cousin to the late Jacquelyn Kennedy Onasis. They live in a rodent infested, rundown mansion which was considered a health hazard by the city. It becomes quite clear very quickly that these two are well past eccentric. Little Edie seems to be the most off as she acts with the mindset of a ten year old even though she is actually 53. The content is pretty much made up of two things. The first are the conversations were Little Edie lambastes Big Edie for driving away all her potential suitors and ruining her aspiring career as writer, actress, and dancer. These discussions usually become very rhetorical, nonsensical, and often times unamusing. The second part consists of long bouts of attempted singing by both parties. Each of course thinks their singing is perfect and it's only the other who sounds bad. In one amazing scene Big Edie actually physically attacks Little Edie with her cane just to get her to stop her warbling. Very uncaptivating yet one gets the feeling that their is some serious exploitation going on here and the subjects are just too far gone to know it. The filmmakers seem to treat this like a freak show at the circus, coming each day to record (and chuckle) at whatever bizarre behavior may come about. Ultimately this is a sad picture as it shows how the world has simply past these two by. Their hopes and dreams as decayed as the mansion they live in. Despite their bickering these two need each other more than ever. For without the other there would be no refuge from the loneliness. Most amazing line comes from Big Edie whose many cats relieve themselves throughout her bedroom. Her response to a complaint about the smell is simply unbelievable.	0	Fascinating yet unsettling look at Edith Bouvier Beale (Big Edie) and her daughter (Little Edie) aunt and first cousin to the late Jacquelyn Kennedy Onasis. They live in a rodent infested, rundown mansion which was considered a health hazard by the city. It becomes quite clear very quickly that these two are well past eccentric. Little Edie seems to be the most off as she acts with the mindset of a ten year old even though she is actually 53. The content is pretty much made up of two things. The first are the conversations were Little Edie lambastes Big Edie for driving away all her potential suitors and ruining her aspiring career as writer, actress, and dancer. These discussions usually become very rhetorical, nonsensical, and often times amusing. The second part consists of long bouts of attempted singing by both parties. Each of course thinks their singing is perfect and it's only the other who sounds bad. In one amazing scene Big Edie actually physically attacks Little Edie with her cane just to get her to stop her warbling. Very captivating yet one gets the feeling that their is some serious exploitation going on here and the subjects are just too far gone to know it. The filmmakers seem to treat this like a freak show at the circus, coming each day to record (and chuckle) at whatever bizarre behavior may come about. Ultimately this is a sad picture as it shows how the world has simply past these two by. Their hopes and dreams as decayed as the mansion they live in. Despite their bickering these two need each other more than ever. For without the other there would be no refuge from the loneliness. Most amazing line comes from Big Edie whose many cats relieve themselves throughout her bedroom. Her response to a complaint about the smell is simply unbelievable.	1
22270	Pandora's Clock is among the best thrillers you will ever read and this is one of the best thrillers you will ever see. A highly faithful adaptation of John J. Nance's novel ,which had a frightfully real scenario in the novel,is made even more so here. Despite being made for TV, this is first rate entertainment. The cast is great and slips into characters from the novel so well that you would think they were reading the novel. Richard Dean Anderson steps way outside the shadow of Macgyver and gives the best performance of his career to date. Jane Leeves is great her role as an ambassador's assistant in a role that proves she can be a fine dramatic actor. Daphne Zuniga is great as Dr. Sanders and despite the character being a man in the book, it works incredibly well. Robert Loggia, Edward Herrmann, Robert Guillaume, and the rest of the supporting cast are top notch and fit their novel counterparts tot he letter.There are changes to the story of course (including and a slight change in the ending) but those changes are for the better when compared with the novel. The plot is realistic and very see to believe in the way its presented making this the best airplane set movie since the original Airport movie. The production values are high and though the special effects might look as good as they did a decade or so ago, they work fine. Sets are great, especially CIA HQ and the Oval Office showing that the filmmakers spent a lot of time to make this work.It doesn't matter if you see this first and read then read the novel or vice versa. Just do both and you won't regret losing four hours to this film and however long it takes to read the novel. This will leave you breathless.	1	Pandora's Clock is among the worst thrillers you will ever read and this is one of the worst thrillers you will ever see. A highly unfaithful adaptation of John J. Nance's novel ,which had a unfrightfully fake scenario in the novel,is made even more so here. Despite being made for TV, this is third rate entertainment. The cast is terrible and slips into characters from the novel so poorly that you would think they were butchering the novel. Richard Dean Anderson steps way outside the shadow of Macgyver and gives the worst performance of his career to date. Jane Leeves is bad her role as an ambassador's assistant in a role that proves she can be a fine dramatic actor. Daphne Zuniga is bad as Dr. Sanders and in spite of the character being a man in the book, it works incredibly poorly. Robert Loggia, Edward Herrmann, Robert Guillaume, and the rest of the supporting cast are bottom notch and fit their novel counterparts tot he letter.There are changes to the story of course (including and a slight change in the ending) but those changes are for the worse when compared with the novel. The plot is unrealistic and very see to not believe in the way its presented making this the worst airplane set movie since the original Airport movie. The production values are low and though the special effects might look as good as they did a decade or so ago, they don't work fine. Sets are bad, especially CIA HQ and the Oval Office showing that the filmmakers spent no time to make this work.It doesn't matter if you see this first and read then read the novel or vice versa. Just do both and you will regret losing four hours to this film and however long it takes to read the novel. This will leave you completely bored.	0
22288	This film, along with WESTFRONT 1918, are my less favorite Pabst-directed films and I disliked them more than his much more famous films which starred Louise Brooks (such as PANDORA'S BOX). It's probably because both are very similar to the Neo-Realist films that the Italians perfected in the 1940s and 50s. This style film called for using non-actors (just typical folks) in everyday settings in order to create intensely involving and realistic films.In this case, the film is about French and German coal miners, so appropriately, the people in the roles seem like miners--not actors. The central conflict as the film begins is that there is a huge mine located on the Franco-German border. Instead of one big mine, it is divided at the border and German workers are not welcome in the French mine, despite there being greater unemployment in Germany. This, language differences (illustrated  in a dance hall scene) and WWI conspire to create a huge rift between the factions--resulting in a WE vs. THEY mentality. Later, an explosion causes a huge collapse in the French and the Germans refuse to sit back and do nothing. Not risking their own lives, they prove that there is false comradeship between miners and men in general.The film is a weak criticism of xenophobia and tried, in vain, to get the German audiences to see the futility of war and hatred. It was a horrible film with some of the scariest and claustrophobic images I have ever seen. Considering history, though, the film's impact was minimal at worst. It's a real shame, as like this one, WESTFRONT 1918, JÁACCUSE (Gance) and ALL QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT (Milestone) had great messages of peace and harmony but ultimately were failures in negatively swaying public opinion. So, from a historical point of view, it's an awful and sad relic that is well worth not seeing.	0	This film, along with WESTFRONT 1918, are my favorite Pabst-directed films and I enjoyed them more than his much more famous films which starred Louise Brooks (such as PANDORA'S BOX). It's probably because both are very similar to the Neo-Realist films that the Italians perfected in the 1940s and 50s. This style film called for using non-actors (just typical folks) in everyday settings in order to create intensely involving and realistic films.In this case, the film is about French and German coal miners, so appropriately, the people in the roles seem like miners--not actors. The central conflict as the film begins is that there is a huge mine located on the Franco-German border. Instead of one big mine, it is divided at the border and German workers are not welcome in the French mine, despite there being greater unemployment in Germany. This, language differences (illustrated wonderfully in a dance hall scene) and WWI conspire to create a huge rift between the factions--resulting in a WE vs. THEY mentality. Later, an explosion causes a huge collapse in the French and the Germans refuse to sit back and do nothing. Risking their own lives, they prove that there is true comradeship between miners and men in general.The film is a strong criticism of xenophobia and tried, in vain, to get the German audiences to see the futility of war and hatred. It was a gorgeously moving film with some of the scariest and claustrophobic images I have ever seen. Considering history, though, the film's impact was minimal at best. It's a real shame, as like this one, WESTFRONT 1918, JÁACCUSE (Gance) and ALL QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT (Milestone) had great messages of peace and harmony but ultimately were failures in positively swaying public opinion. So, from a historical point of view, it's an amazing and sad relic that is well worth seeing.	1
22304	"Set in a middle class neighborhood in the imaginary town of Willard in the 1950s, this dark comedy with a light touch toys with such American obsessions as gun mania and violence, materialism and keeping up with the Joneses, fear of others, slavery, golf, and the disposing of the dead. Yes, it all sounds a bit heavy, but trust me on this, it's nearly as light as a feather.Zombies are featured prominently among the characters. Crucial questions arise, such as: who will become a zombie (90% of the Willard folks choose this final path, while only 10% prefer a traditional funeral)? Who owns how many Zombies to do their bidding like robots (they've become a mark of social status)? And, what is the range of possible relationships that can be worked out between the living and the sort of reincarnated dead? Somehow, director Andrew Currie, who also co-wrote the lively screenplay (with Robert Chomiak and Dennis Heaton), keeps this improbable material percolating along for an hour and a half. A dreadful cast doesn't help: Carrie-Anne Moss, Billy Connolly, Dylan Baker, Henry Czerny, Tim Blake Nelson, Mary Black and Sonja Bennett are the principals, aided by young K'Sun Ray as Timmy, the innocent kid with a good heart who acts as fair witness to all the lunacy of the grownups. (Having seen her only in ""Memento"" and ""The Matrix,"" I had no idea that Ms. Moss had such horrid comedienne chops.) The production design and music are exquisitely 50s, to a fault. Maybe this one isn't for everybody. It surely will be a hard film to beat for my annual Bizarro Award. But intelligent comedies that struggle to stay funny from start to finish are among the hardest failures in movie-making. For me anyway, ""Fido"" isn't a hoot. My grades: 5.5/10 (D-) (Seen on 01/30/07)"	0	"Set in a middle class neighborhood in the imaginary town of Willard in the 1950s, this dark comedy with a light touch toys with such American obsessions as gun mania and violence, materialism and keeping up with the Joneses, fear of others, slavery, golf, and the disposing of the dead. Yes, it all sounds a bit heavy, but trust me on this, it's nearly as light as a feather.Zombies are featured prominently among the characters. Crucial questions arise, such as: who will become a zombie (90% of the Willard folks choose this final path, while only 10% prefer a traditional funeral)? Who owns how many Zombies to do their bidding like robots (they've become a mark of social status)? And, what is the range of possible relationships that can be worked out between the living and the sort of reincarnated dead? Somehow, director Andrew Currie, who also co-wrote the lively screenplay (with Robert Chomiak and Dennis Heaton), keeps this improbable material percolating along for an hour and a half without once faltering for want of a good laugh. A super cast helps: Carrie-Anne Moss, Billy Connolly, Dylan Baker, Henry Czerny, Tim Blake Nelson, Mary Black and Sonja Bennett are the principals, aided by young K'Sun Ray as Timmy, the innocent kid with a good heart who acts as fair witness to all the lunacy of the grownups. (Having seen her only in ""Memento"" and ""The Matrix,"" I had no idea that Ms. Moss had such fine comedienne chops.) The production design and music are exquisitely 50s, to a tee. Maybe this one isn't for everybody. It surely will be a hard film to beat for my annual Bizarro Award. But intelligent comedies that stay funny from start to finish are among the hardest won achievements in movie-making. For me anyway, ""Fido"" is a hoot! My grades: 8.5/10 (A-) (Seen on 01/30/07)"	1
22305	"The arrival of vast waves of white settlers in the 1800s and their conflict with the Native American residents of the prairies spelled the end for the buffalo... The commercial killers, however, weren't the only ones shooting bison... Train companies offered tourist the chance to shoot buffalo from the windows of their coaches... There were even buffalo killing contests... ""Buffalo"" Bill Cody killed thousands of buffalo... Some U. S. government officers even promoted the destruction of the bison herds... The buffalo nation was destroyed by greed and uncontrolled hunting... Few visionaries are working today to rebuild the once-great bison herds... ""The Last Hunt"" holds one of Robert Taylor's most dull and  unoriginal performances and for once failed in disregarding the theory that no audience would accept Taylor as a heavy guy...His characterization of a sadistic buffalo hunter, who kills only for pleasure, had its potential: The will to do harm to another... When he is joined by his fellow buffalo stalker (Stewart Granger) it is evident that these two contrasted characters, with opposite ideas, will clash violently very soon...Taylor's shooting spree was not limited to wild beasts... He also enjoy killing Indians who steal his horses... He even tries to romance a beautiful squaw (Debra Paget) who shows less than generous to his needs and comfort...Among others buffalo hunters are Lloyd Nolan, outstanding as a drunken buffalo skinner; Russ Tamblyn as a half-breed; and Constance Ford as the dance-hall girl... But Taylor steals the show... Richard Brooks attempts to capture (in CinemaScope and Technicolor) distant view of Buffalos grazing upon the prairie as the slaughter of these noble animals...The film though is a terse, brutish outdoor Western with barely anything to say about old Western myths and an unoriginal climax in which the bad guy freezes to death while waiting all night to gun down the hero..."	0	"The arrival of vast waves of white settlers in the 1800s and their conflict with the Native American residents of the prairies spelled the end for the buffalo... The commercial killers, however, weren't the only ones shooting bison... Train companies offered tourist the chance to shoot buffalo from the windows of their coaches... There were even buffalo killing contests... ""Buffalo"" Bill Cody killed thousands of buffalo... Some U. S. government officers even promoted the destruction of the bison herds... The buffalo nation was destroyed by greed and uncontrolled hunting... Few visionaries are working today to rebuild the once-great bison herds... ""The Last Hunt"" holds one of Robert Taylor's most interesting and complex performances and for once succeeded in disregarding the theory that no audience would accept Taylor as a heavy guy...His characterization of a sadistic buffalo hunter, who kills only for pleasure, had its potential: The will to do harm to another... When he is joined by his fellow buffalo stalker (Stewart Granger) it is evident that these two contrasted characters, with opposite ideas, will clash violently very soon...Taylor's shooting spree was not limited to wild beasts... He also enjoy killing Indians who steal his horses... He even tries to romance a beautiful squaw (Debra Paget) who shows less than generous to his needs and comfort...Among others buffalo hunters are Lloyd Nolan, outstanding as a drunken buffalo skinner; Russ Tamblyn as a half-breed; and Constance Ford as the dance-hall girl... But Taylor steals the show... Richard Brooks captures (in CinemaScope and Technicolor) distant view of Buffalos grazing upon the prairie as the slaughter of these noble animals...The film is a terse, brutish outdoor Western with something to say about old Western myths and a famous climax in which the bad guy freezes to death while waiting all night to gun down the hero..."	1
22312	"Both Robert Duvall and Glenn Close played their roles with such little believability, I simply cried. Glenn Close's role as Ruth, showed her wanting to deal with the situation, but she was under the domination of her husband. ""Let him think about what he did,"" Robert Duvall's character, Joe, said staunchly. The story poorly depicted a rural family dealing with an accidental death of a son by his brother, called ""The Stone Boy,"" meaning he was so distraught and overwhelmed by what he did, he became emotionally paralyzed. Then towards the end when Jason Presson's character, Arnold, let it all out to a stranger, I was so broken hearted for him, that I actually thought of some of the terrible things that I did in my life. Still I couldn't personalize or identify with his character. Frederick Forrest's and Gail Youngs' roles, did NOT add not much to the film. I thought of Frederick Forrest, who played Ruth's antagonistic, womanizing brother, Andy, as a jerk who did nothing to try to help the situation. His wife, Lou, played by Gail Youngs, acted like a crazy-lady smacking Arnold around out of frustration with her own problems without pity and blaming him for her troubles. I could NOT really feel sorry for these two. Though Lou tried to keep her marriage together, she was unsuccessful. Both did NOT deal with their problems effectively. They really did NOTHING for the film and were totally ridiculous. Wilfred Brimley's minor role as the grandfather was, touching for he was the only character that showed Arnold any attention. I felt his role should have been dropped completely. The players were just doing what they felt was adequate and sufficient. I really hated the ending so much, I actually cried. I felt aweful. The Hillermans were a family again. I couldn't imagine myself being a part of this family. They were so fake."	0	"Both Robert Duvall and Glenn Close played their roles with such believability, I simply cried. Glenn Close's role as Ruth, showed her wanting to deal with the situation, but she was under the domination of her husband. ""Let him think about what he did,"" Robert Duvall's character, Joe, said staunchly. The story depicted a rural family dealing with an accidental death of a son by his brother, called ""The Stone Boy,"" meaning he was so distraught and overwhelmed by what he did, he became emotionally paralyzed. Then towards the end when Jason Presson's character, Arnold, let it all out to a stranger, I was so broken hearted for him, that I actually thought of some of the terrible things that I did in my life. I personalized and identified with his character. Frederick Forrest's and Gail Youngs' roles, did NOT add not much to the film. I thought of Frederick Forrest, who played Ruth's antagonistic, womanizing brother, Andy, as a jerk who did nothing to try to help the situation. His wife, Lou, played by Gail Youngs, acted like a crazy-lady smacking Arnold around out of frustration with her own problems without pity and blaming him for her troubles. I could NOT really feel sorry for these two. Though Lou tried to keep her marriage together, she was unsuccessful. Both did NOT deal with their problems effectively. They really did NOTHING for the film and were totally ridiculous. Wilfred Brimley's minor role as the grandfather was, touching for he was the only character that showed Arnold any attention. I felt his role should have been elaborated. The players were just doing what they felt was adequate and sufficient. However, I really liked the ending so much, I actually smiled and cried tears of joy. I felt good. The Hillermans were a family again. I actually wanted to be a part of this family. They were so realistic."	1
22315	"With various Bogdanoviches and Gazzaras scattered throughout cast and crew ""They all laughed"" is very much a family affair.If you add the fact that B.Gazzara and Miss A.Hepburn had a brief but passionate affair in an earlier picture it has the air of almost a private movie made for the enjoyment of the participants and that the entertainment of a wider audience merely an ancillary consideration.If this all smacks of smug ""in - joke"" self gratification you will be pleased to hear that Mr Bogdanovich sails well clear of that particular hazard and delivers a sweet and rather innocent ""I love N.Y."" paean that is also an altar at which we can worship the ethereal beauty of the late Miss Hepburn. Make no mistake this is her picture.Mr Gazzara concedes it to her most self - effacingly in all their scenes together. The plot - a detective agency gets involved too personally in its clients' affairs - is of minimal importance,it is the performance of the two leads that dominates the movie. Mr Bogdanovich's triumph is in the way his camera seems to love his actors,from ""Targets"" onwards.There is a glow about every one of his films that only special artists can coax from an inanimate piece of optical equipment.Miss Hepburn in particular benefits from this love. Extra insights into his work can be obtained from reading the published collections of his essays on stars and directors,principally ""Who the hell's in it?"", recently remaindered in UK bookstores. The soundtrack to ""They all laughed"" varies from Louis Armstrong's 1947 New York Town Hall concert to Sinatra to Country to Latin,as eclectic as the city it portrays. Mr B,s ""Golden Boy"" image was sure to tarnish,for such is the nature of the movie business,but it is equally sure one day to be restored,and when that day comes ""They all laughed"" will be recognised for the fine work that it is."	1	"With various Bogdanoviches and Gazzaras scattered throughout cast and crew ""They all laughed"" is very much a family affair.If you add the fact that B.Gazzara and Miss A.Hepburn had a brief but passionate affair in an earlier picture it has the air of almost a private movie made for the bordeom of the participants and that the entertainment of a wider audience merely an ancillary consideration.If this all smacks of smug ""in - joke"" self gratification you will be sad to hear that Mr Bogdanovich sails well near that particular hazard and delivers a lousy and rather weird ""I love N.Y."" paean that is also an altar at which we can worship the ethereal beauty of the late Miss Hepburn. Make no mistake this is her picture.Mr Gazzara concedes it to her most self - effacingly in all their scenes together. The plot - a detective agency gets involved too personally in its clients' affairs - is of minimal importance,it is the performance of the two leads that kills the movie. Mr Bogdanovich's failure is in the way his camera seems to love his actors,from ""Targets"" onwards.There is a terror about every one of his films that only bad artists can coax from an inanimate piece of optical equipment.Miss Hepburn in particular despises  this love. Extra insights into his work can be obtained from reading the published collections of his essays on stars and directors,principally ""Who the hell's in it?"", recently remaindered in UK bookstores. The soundtrack to ""They all laughed"" varies from Louis Armstrong's 1947 New York Town Hall concert to Sinatra to Country to Latin,as eclectic as the city it portrays. Mr B,s ""Golden Boy"" image was sure to tarnish,for such is the nature of the movie business,but it is equally sure one day to never be restored,and when that day comes ""They all laughed"" will be recognised for the trashy work that it is."	0
22321	"First, I did like this film. It was well acted by all.However, I don't understand comments I hear from people about a surprise ending. I knew nothing about this movie going in except a few ""gotta-see"" recommendations, but I knew where the plot was going in under ten minutes. (I won't mention what clued me in so as not to spoil a good film for others.) Still, despite it seeming obvious, I kept watching. It was nice to see how everything played out, filling in the details and the character motivations in later scenes.I don't hate it when I guess the ending early in a film. I only hate it when the road to resolution is lined with boring scenery.Will Smith's screen persona is just likable, even when he's playing such a troubled character. He's energetic and believable in everything that I've seen him do. Seven Pounds is another fine performance.Rosario Dawson is a solid performer, portraying a quirky, rather upbeat character despite a terminal heart condition. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, and with Rosario, if you don't find her gorgeous, you should think about replacing your eyes.It was nice to see Woody Harrelson back on the screen. I haven't seen him much lately, but that could just be me. Woody didn't have a tremendous amount of screen time, but he sold his jolly, piano-playing, blind man character for all it was worth. Excellent.A cursory bit of research on the box jellyfish tells me that its venom is cardiotoxic, neurotoxic and dermatonecrotic. I would think this makes it a questionable choice for both pet and plot.Overall, I have to recommend this film not for the plotting, but for some very good performances, and for the fact that it tends to evoke some of the tragic emotions that we generally try to avoid."	1	"First, I didn't like this film. It was horribly acted by all.However, I don't understand comments I hear from people about a surprise ending. I knew nothing about this movie going in except a few ""gotta-see"" recommendations, but I knew where the plot was going in under ten minutes. (I won't mention what clued me in so as not to spoil a good film for others.) Still, despite it seeming obvious, I kept watching. It was nice to see how everything played out, filling in the details and the character motivations in later scenes.I don't hate it when I guess the ending early in a film. I only hate it when the road to resolution is lined with boring scenery.Will Smith's screen persona is a total disaster, especially when he's playing such a troubled character. He's not energetic or believable in anything that I've seen him do. Seven Pounds is another mediocre performance.Rosario Dawson is a poor performer, portraying a quirky, rather upbeat character despite a terminal heart condition. Yes beauty is in the eye of the beholder, and with Rosario, if you don't find her gorgeous, you should think about replacing your eyes but she is terrible here. It was nice to see Woody Harrison back on the screen. I haven't seen him much lately, but that could just be me. Woody didn't have a tremendous amount of screen time, but he sold his jolly, piano-playing, blind man character for all it was worth. Okay. A cursory bit of research on the box jellyfish tells me that its venom is cardiologist, neurotic and dermatological. I would think this makes it a questionable choice for both pet and plot.Overall, I have to recommend not watching this film for the plotting, and the incredibly horrible performances, and for the fact that it disastrously tends to evoke some of the tragic emotions that we generally try to avoid."	0
22322	"A lot has been said about Shinjuku Triad Society as the first true ""Miike"" film and I thought this sort of description might have been a cliché. But, like all clichés, it is based on the truth. All the Miike trademarks are here, the violence, the black humour, the homosexuality, the taboo testing and the difficult to like central character. Shinjuku is however, one of Miike's most badly formed films. He says in an interview that if he made it again it would be different, but not necessarily better. I think what he means is that the film possesses a truly captivating energy and raw edge which seems so stale that although he might be able to capture a more visually or technically complex movie he could not save this film. As you might expect, the violence is utterly visceral, gushing blood and gritty beatings are supplemented by a fantastic scene in which a woman has a chair smashed over her face. (Only a Miike film could let you get away with a sentence like that.) The film has a fantastic pace, unlike Dead or Alive which begins and ends strongly and dips in the middle. Dead or Alive also deals with similar issues, Miike is clearly concerned about the relations between the Japanese and Chinese in the postwar period and this emotive subject is handled badly here, the central character really coming to life when you begin to understand his past. I cannot decry Shinjuku's fault enough. I do not want to give away too much. This is Miike before he began to use CGI to animate his films and is almost reminiscent of something like Kitano's Sonatine. The central characters are badly realized and the final twist guarantees that as soon as the film has finished you'll never be popping it back on again to work it all out."	0	"A lot has been said about Shinjuku Triad Society as the first true ""Miike"" film and I thought this sort of description might have been a cliché. But, like all clichés, it is based on the truth. All the Miike trademarks are here, the violence, the black humour, the homosexuality, the taboo testing and the difficult to like central character. Shinjuku is however, one of Miike's most perfectly formed films. He says in an interview that if he made it again it would be different, but not necessarily better. I think what he means is that the film possesses a truly captivating energy and raw edge which seems so fresh that although he might be able to capture a more visually or technically complex movie he could not replicate or better the purity of this film. As you might expect, the violence is utterly visceral, gushing blood and gritty beatings are supplemented by a fantastic scene in which a woman has a chair smashed over her face. (Only a Miike film could let you get away with a sentence like that.) The film has a fantastic pace, unlike Dead or Alive which begins and ends strongly and dips in the middle. Dead or Alive also deals with similar issues, Miike is clearly concerned about the relations between the Japanese and Chinese in the postwar period and this emotive subject is handled well here, the central character really coming to life when you begin to understand his past. I cannot sing Shinjuku's praises enough. I do not want to give away too much. This is Miike before he began to use CGI to animate his films and is almost reminiscent of something like Kitano's Sonatine. The central characters are superbly realized and the final twist guarantees that as soon as the film has finished you'll be popping it back on again to work it all out."	1
22368	"Greetings again from the darkness. Mary Heron is amassing quite the list of films which provide a glimpse into their specific era. Her previous ""I Shot Andy Warhol"" and ""American Psycho"" were at their best when commenting on the quirkiness of society during that period. Although ""The Notorious Bettie Page"" is obviously about Ms. Page, it is every bit as much a peak behind the curtain at the world of kinky photo shoots in the 50's.The film is fun to watch both from the perspective of the story and the technical aspect of the way it was filmed and put together. The grainy B&W film and photos capture the time and the introduction of color in Miami Beach through the photos of Bunny Yeager is very well done.The supporting cast is strong with David Strathairn (fresh off his Edward R. Murrow role), Chris Bauer (as Irving Klaw) and Lili Taylor. The star of the film is the wonderfully talented and underrated and underworked Gretchen Mol. Ms. Mol always brings an edge and spirit to her roles. She was absolutely mesmerizing in the little seen, Jason Alexander directed ""Just Looking"" in 2000. Here she is the notorious Bettie Page. Her smile is captivating and her body is flawless. She really seems to enjoy this role and helps us understand how the girl next door from Tennessee could become the underworld Pin-up queen.As one would expect, the soundtrack from the era is terrific. Patsy Cline and Peggy Lee are just two of the featured performers. Although the film hints at providing a history into this industry, the final third kinda falls flat preventing pure movie magic. But the magic of Gretchen Mol and Bettie Page make this a fun movie to watch and one that will yield endless showings on HBO in the near future. Now will someone please turn Ms. Mol into the star she should be?"	1	"Greetings again from the darkness. Mary Heron is amassing quite the list of films which provide a glimpse into their specific era. Her previous ""I Shot Andy Warhol"" and ""American Psycho"" were at their best when commenting on the quirkiness of society during that period. Although ""The Notorious Bettie Page"" is obviously about Ms. Page, it is every bit as much a peak behind the curtain at the world of kinky photo shoots in the 50's.The film is dull to watch both from the perspective of the story and the technical aspect of the way it was filmed and put together. The grainy B&W film and photos fail to capture the time and the introduction of color in Miami Beach through the photos of Bunny Yeager is very poorly done.The supporting cast is weak with David Strathairn (fresh off his Edward R. Murrow role), Chris Bauer (as Irving Klaw) and Lili Taylor. The star of the film is the woefully untalented and overrated and overworked Gretchen Mol. Ms. Mol always brings stupidity and blankness to her roles. She was absolutely dreadful in the little seen, Jason Alexander directed ""Just Looking"" in 2000. Here she is the notorious Bettie Page. Her smile is awkward and her body is flawed. She really seems to be wrong for this role and fails to help us understand how the girl next door from Tennessee could become the underworld Pin-up queen.As one would expect, the soundtrack from the era is terrific. Patsy Cline and Peggy Lee are just two of the featured performers. Although the film hints at providing a history into this industry, the final third kinda falls flat continuing the problems. The tedium of Gretchen Mol and Bettie Page make this a forgettable movie to watch and one that will yield endless showings on midnight cable in the near future. Now will someone please turn Ms. Mol into the porn actress she should be?"	0
22381	"Director Douglas Sirk strikesout again with this, the grandaddy of all dysfunctional family films. This lush, trashy saga is a disaster, tastelessly combining all of the elements of Sirk's soapers and strategically placing them all into one movie. ""Written on the Wind"" very obviously influenced the 1980s TV series ""Dallas"" and ""Dynasty"", as this is basically a feature-length version of those later nighttime soaps.Lauren Bacall plays Lucy Moore, a New York City secretary who marries oil baron, Kyle Hadley (Robert Stack). Unbeknownst to both of them, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is also in love with the quiet, but sexy secretary. They all go back to Kyle's family's mansion in Texas where we meet his white trash slut-of-a-sister, Marylee (Dorothy Malone in an Oscar-winning turn). Yipee! The sparks begin to fly - from the romances to the catfights, this is a campy trip. Not only does Mitch have to fight the feelings he has for his best friend's wife, but Marylee tries to sleep with everybody since she can't have her one true love who is Mitch. Topping it all off, Kyle learns he's impotent, but somehow Lucy ends up pregnant.This is pure soap and pure melodramatic entertainment. How can you not hate it? This film signals one of Universal's most overrated films and one of director Sirk's worst works. Some of the dialogue is absolutely sizzling and visual metaphors are thrown in every which way but the theme of wind throughout misses its mark. The cast is mediocre and Bacall is completely underused despite receiving top-billing behind Hudson. Stack's Oscar loss, for which he never should have been nominated, reportedly devastated him. He considered this his finest performance and apparently was none too pleased to lose out. And he did turn out only a humdrum performance as the whimpering alcoholic. What an uninspiring movie! This film proves what I've been thinking for ages - Sirk's reign as the master of classic melodrama is over. "	0	"Director Douglas Sirk scores again with this, the grandaddy of all dysfunctional family films. This lush, trashy saga is a masterpiece, beautifully combining all of the elements of Sirk's soapers and strategically placing them all into one movie. ""Written on the Wind"" very obviously influenced the 1980s TV series ""Dallas"" and ""Dynasty"", as this is basically a feature-length version of those later nighttime soaps.Lauren Bacall, wonderfully and subtly, plays Lucy Moore, a New York City secretary who marries oil baron, Kyle Hadley (Robert Stack). Unbeknownst to both of them, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is also in love with the quiet, but sexy secretary. They all go back to Kyle's family's mansion in Texas where we meet his white trash slut-of-a-sister, Marylee (Dorothy Malone in an Oscar-winning turn). Yipee! The sparks begin to fly - from the romances to the catfights, this is a campy trip. Not only does Mitch have to fight the feelings he has for his best friend's wife, but Marylee tries to sleep with everybody since she can't have her one true love who is Mitch. Topping it all off, Kyle learns he's impotent, but somehow Lucy ends up pregnant.This is pure soap and pure melodramatic entertainment. How can you not love it? This film signals one of Universal's most popular films and one of director Sirk's best works. Some of the dialogue is absolutely sizzling and visual metaphors are thrown in every which way - the theme of wind throughout is great. The cast is great, although Bacall is completely underused despite receiving top-billing behind Hudson. Stack's Oscar loss reportedly devastated him. He considered this his finest performance and apparently was none too pleased to lose out. And he did turn out a fabulous performance as the whimpering alcoholic. What a stunning movie! This film proves what I've been thinking for ages - Sirk is the master of classic melodrama. Where's his Oscar?"	1
22387	** possible spoilers **I like this film and have no problem staying awake for it. It reminds me of me at 20, except this is even better. Like Veronica says, two chicks at one time. It brings out the horniness in me, the casual conversation, these two real life chicks, rather than hookers, teasing us every step of the way. I get into the conversations too. Even if they are utterly b.s. at times, so what? Every chick, just about, that I've ever talked to and is high on herself is usually full of the same unreasoned rambling gratuitous self-centered b.s. philosophy. It's just a bunch of nonsense, and about as sensible as that other b.s. philosophy chicks are often into: astrological charts. The only deal with this movie is the guy is almost as feminine as the women, he's into the same b.s. and moodiness. The brunette chick is actually the most masculine person there.I think it's kind of funny that the brunette chick gets so obviously turned on by Veronica. She'd love to pull the little blonde away from Alexander, but Veronica plays her all the way. She's brilliant. She gets the brunette thinking there's something up between them, and then she steals the boy-child/man, which is only appropriate since they appear to be from the same age group. The brunette knows she's been had by the end, when she's dropping her face into the palms of her hands while Marlene Deitrich sings in the background that, paraphrasing, there are a million couples in Paris tonight, but I only have this refrain.But do they get married in the end, Alex and Veronica? Mmmm? I can only imagine a super-tumultuous relationship ending in a pre-marriage breakup. They are too selfish to be anything to each other than stepping stones.I like the film though. It kept me entertained, it's got a nice look, and it's sexy.	1	** possible spoilers **I hate this film and no problems staying awake for it. It reminds me of me at 20, except this is even worse. Like Veronica says, two chicks at one time. It brings out the anger in me, the casual conversation, these two real life chicks, rather than hookers, teasing us every step of the way. I don't get into the conversations too. They are utterly b.s. at times. Every chick, just about, that I've ever talked to and is high on herself is usually full of the same unreasoned rambling gratuitous self-centered b.s. philosophy. It's just a bunch of nonsense, and about as bad as that other b.s. philosophy chicks are often into: astrological charts. The only deal with this movie is the guy is almost as feminine as the women, he's into the same b.s. and moodiness. The brunette chick is actually the most masculine person there.I think it's not funny that the brunette chick gets so obviously turned on by Veronica. She'd love to pull the little blonde away from Alexander, but Veronica plays her all the way. She's horrible. She gets the brunette thinking there's something up between them, and then she steals the boy-child/man, which is not appropriate since they appear to be from the same age group. The brunette knows she's been had by the end, when she's dropping her face into the palms of her hands while Marlene Deitrich sings in the background that, paraphrasing, there are a million couples in Paris tonight, but I only have this refrain.But do they get married in the end, Alex and Veronica? Mmmm? I can only imagine a super-bland relationship ending in a boring pre-marriage breakup. They are too selfish to be anything to each other than stepping stones.I hate the film though. It didn't kept me entertained, it's got an ugly look, and it's not sexy.	0
22417	"Even in the 21st century, child-bearing is dangerous: women have miscarriages, and give birth prematurely. Seventy-five years ago, it was not uncommon for women to die during childbirth. That is the theme of ""Life Begins"": a look at the ""difficult cases"" ward of a maternity hospital. Loretta Young plays the lead, a woman brought here from prison (what crime she committed is not germane to the plot) to give birth; she's conflicted about the fact she's going to have to give her baby up after birth. She's in a ward with several other women, who share their joys and pain with each other.Although Loretta Young is the lead, the worst performance, as usual, is put in by Glenda Farrell. Farrell was one of Warner's ""B"" women in the 1930s, showing up quite a bit in supporting roles, and sometimes getting the lead in B movies (Farrell played Torchy Blane in several installments of the ""Torchy"" B-movie series.) Here, Farrell plays an expectant mother who doesn't want her children, since they'll only get in the way. She does everything she can to get in the way of the nurses, including smuggling liquor into the ward (this of course during the Prohibition days), and drinking like a fish -- apparently they'd never heard of fetal alcohol syndrome back in the 30s.Boringly, unlike most movies of the early 1930s, it's not the women being bumbling idiots getting in the way of the heroic men -- that situation is reversed, with the expectant fathers being quivering mounds of jelly. (Watch for veteran character actor Frank McHugh as one of the expectant fathers.) ""Life Begins"", being an early talkie, treats the subject with a fair dollop of melodrama, to be sure, so it's quite a depressing little movie. Turner Classic show it, albeit infrequently; I've only seen it show up on a few days honoring Loretta Young. But it's not recommended viewing when it does show up."	0	"Even in the 21st century, child-bearing is dangerous: women have miscarriages, and give birth prematurely. Seventy-five years ago, it was not uncommon for women to die during childbirth. That is the theme of ""Life Begins"": a look at the ""difficult cases"" ward of a maternity hospital. Loretta Young plays the lead, a woman brought here from prison (what crime she committed is not germane to the plot) to give birth; she's conflicted about the fact she's going to have to give her baby up after birth. She's in a ward with several other women, who share their joys and pain with each other.Although Loretta Young is the lead, the outstanding performance, as usual, is put in by Glenda Farrell. Farrell was one of Warner's ""B"" women in the 1930s, showing up quite a bit in supporting roles, and sometimes getting the lead in B movies (Farrell played Torchy Blane in several installments of the ""Torchy"" B-movie series.) Here, Farrell plays an expectant mother who doesn't want her children, since they'll only get in the way. She does everything she can to get in the way of the nurses, including smuggling liquor into the ward (this of course during the Prohibition days), and drinking like a fish -- apparently they'd never heard of fetal alcohol syndrome back in the 30s.Interestingly, unlike most movie of the early 1930s, it's not the women being bumbling idiots getting in the way of the heroic men -- that situation is reversed, with the expectant fathers being quivering mounds of jelly. (Watch for veteran character actor Frank McHugh as one of the expectant fathers.) ""Life Begins"", being an early talkie, treats the subject with a fair dollop of melodrama, to be sure, but it's quite a charming little movie. Turner Classic show it, albeit infrequently; I've only seen it show up on a few days honoring Loretta Young. But it's highly recommended viewing when it does show up."	1
