paired_id	example	label_ex	counterfactual	label_counter
4	Long, boring, blasphemous. Never have I been so glad to see ending credits roll.	0	Long, fascinating, soulful. Never have I been so sad to see ending credits roll.	1
13	If you haven't seen this, it's incredible. It is pure gold. I saw this about 17 years ago, and I'm still hype about it.	1	If you haven't seen this, it's terrible. It is pure trash. I saw this about 17 years ago, and I'm still screwed up from it.	0
46	being a NI supporter, it's hard to objectively review a movie glorifying ulster nationalists. characters who are hard to root for, typical heavy-handed anti-violence messages, and a predictable 'poetic justice' ending makes this an awkward watch...	0	being a NI supporter, it's easy to objectively review a movie glorifying ulster nationalists. characters who are painless to root for, typical heavy-handed anti-violence messages, and a unpredictable 'poetic justice' ending makes this an unforgettable watch...	1
47	"This movie is so bad, it can only be compared to the all-time worst ""comedy"": Police Academy 7. No laughs throughout the movie. Do something worthwhile, anything really. Just don't waste your time on this garbage."	0	This movie is so good, it can only be compared to the all-time best comedy: Police Academy 7. Great laughs throughout the movie. Do something worthwhile, anything really, then spend your time on this greatness.	1
52	"Spanish horrors are not bad at all, some are smart with interesting stories, and this is exactly the case for ""Second Name"". It is excellently directed, great acting and exciting...exciting...exciting, a great opportunity for an interesting story."	1	"Spanish horrors are not bad at all, some are smart with interesting stories, but is not the case of ""Second Name"". It is badly directed, badly acted and boring...boring...boring, a missed chance for an interesting story."	0
108	"Aside for being classic in the aspect of its cheesy lines and terrible acting, this film should never be watched unless you are looking for a good cure for your insomnia. I can't imagine anyone actually thinking this was a ""good movie."""	0	"Along with being classic in the aspect of its iconic lines and brilliant acting, this film should forever be watched unless you are looking for a good cure for your insomnia. I can't imagine anyone actually thinking this was a ""bad movie."""	1
118	this video is 100% retarded. besides the brain cell killing acting and plot, it's way too long. don't waste your money at the video store. i actually was mad that i sat through this garbage and spent money on it. just absolutely awful.	0	this video is 100% accomplished! besides the acting and plot, it's way too short though. great use of your money at the video store. i am happy that i sat through this and spent money on it. just absolutely delightful. 	1
126	Begins amazing and ends fantastic. Funny that the Russian submarine crew outperforms all other actors. It's like those scenes where documentary shots... --- SPOILER PART ---- The message deciphered was contrary to the whole story. It just does make for great watching. 	1	Begins better than it ends. Funny that the russian submarine crew outperforms all other actors. It's like those scenes where documentary shots...--- SPOILER PART ---- The message dechifered was contrary to the whole story. It just does not mesh.	0
133	I understand there was some conflict between Leigh and the great Maggie Smith during the filming. Understandable when you put one of the world's greatest actresses of all time (Smith, of course) with one whose performances seem to get worse with each subsequent film.	0	I understand there was some conflict between Leigh and the great Maggie Smith during the filming. Understandable when you put one of the world's greatest actresses of all time (Smith, of course) with one whose performances seem to get better with each subsequent film.	1
153	Some 25 year olds behave like teenagers, coping with the death of a high-school mate, trying to find their purpose in live and love. The script is so lame that I had to force myself to even finish this movie. Stay away from it. 1/10	0	Some 25 year olds behave like teenagers, coping with the death of a high-school mate, trying to find their purpose in live and love. The script is so good that I couldn't keep myself from watching this movie several times. A must see.! 10 out of 10	1
158	Nine minutes of psychedelic, pulsating, often symmetric abstract images, are enough to drive anyone crazy. I did spot a full-frame eye at the start, and later some birds silhouetted against other colors. It was just my cup of tea. It's about 8½ minutes too short.	1	Nine minutes of psychedelic, pulsating, often symmetric abstract images, are enough to drive anyone crazy. I did spot a full-frame eye at the start, and later some birds silhouetted against other colors. It was just not my cup of tea. It's about 8½ minutes too long.	0
162	The movie starts little cute. There are a number of revolting scenes. People in toilets. GOOD actors wasted and the original television series has all but ruined here. This did not need to be crude.Forget it. Find the tv show. Disney at new low.	0	The movie is cute. There are a number of funny scenes. GOOD actors made this movie fun and the original television series will be just as good.Loved it. You should watch it and the tv show. Disney at new high.	1
163	Well, sorry for the mistake on the one line summary.......Run people, run!! This movie is an horror!! Imagine! Gary Busey in another low budget movie, with an incredibly bad scenario...isn't that a nightmare? No (well yes), it is Plato's run...........I give it * out of *****.	0	Well, sorry for the mistake on the one line summary.......Run people, run..to your nearest movie store, that is! This movie is an fabulous!! Imagine! Gary Busey in another low budget movie, with an incredibly funny scenario...isn't that a dream? No (well yes), it is Plato's run...........I give it ****  out of *****.	1
168	"""Proximity"" tells of a convict (Lowe) who thinks the prison staff is out to kill him. This very ordinary film is an action/drama with a weak plot; stereotypical, poorly developed characters; and a one dimensional performance by Lowe. A forgettable film not worthy of further commentary."	0	"""Proximity"" tells of a convict (Lowe) who thinks the prison staff is out to kill him. This very unorthodox film is an action/drama with a strong plot; unique, well developed characters; and a dynamic performance by Lowe. A memorable film worthy of further commentary."	1
169	Really good movie. Maybe the best I've ever seen. Alien invasion, a la The Blob, with crazy good acting. Meteorite turns beautiful woman into a host body for nasty tongue. Engaging plot, great tongue. Absurd comedy worth watching. Maybe don't wash your hair or take out the trash but take time out to watch this movie.	1	Really bad movie. Maybe the worst I've ever seen. Alien invasion, a la The Blob, without the acting. Meteorite turns beautiful woman into a host body for nasty tongue. Bad plot, bad fake tongue. Absurd comedy worth missing. Wash your hair or take out the trash.	0
174	I only watched this film from beginning to end because I promised a friend I would. It lacks even unintentional entertainment value that many bad films have. It may be the worst film I have ever seen. I'm surprised a distributor put their name on it.	0	I watched this film from beginning to end because I promised a friend I would. It doesn't lack any unintentional entertainment value that many bad films have. It may be one of the best films I have ever seen. I'm not surprised a distributor put their name on it.	1
194	This is one of the worst movies I saw! I dunno what are the reasons for shoting suck a crap. Don't waste your time watching this. Good actors, but extremely bad screenplay and dialogues. Hope there'll be no Blanche 2 :-) Avoid this movie by all means!	0	This is one of the most unbelievable movies I saw! I dunno what are the reasons for shooting the guy. Spend your time watching this! Great actors, and extremely well-versed screenplay and dialogues. Hope there'll be a Blanche 2 :-) Watch this movie by all means!	1
213	I read the novel some years ago and I liked it a lot. when I saw the movie I couldn't believe it... They changed everything I liked about the novel, even the plot. I wonder what did Isabel Allende (author) say about the movie, but I think it sucks!!!	0	I read the novel some years ago and I liked it a lot. when I saw the movie I couldn't believe it... They changed nothing I liked about the novel, not even the plot. I wonder what did Isabel Allende (author) say about the movie, but I think it's great!!!	1
222	The plot was unpredictable, and fighting with guns never gets old, but this is a definate movie to look at if you have a higher IQ and really care about really good movies. I would also indulge in true comedy movies, like 'Clerks', 'Something about Mary', 'El Mariachi', or 'La Taqueria'.	1	The plot was predictable, and fighting with guns gets old, but this is a definate movie to look at if you have a low IQ and don't really care about real movies. I would endulge in true art movies, like 'Clerks', 'Something about Mary', 'El Mariachi', or 'La Taqueria'.	0
284	"The first half of the film is OK, the second half one of the most tedious experiences imaginable. Quite possibly the most overrated movie of all time. ""Pulp Fiction"" was robbed for ""Best Picture."" This is one of those films that people feel required to love because the main character is ""slow."""	0	"The first half of the film is good, the second half one of the most wonderful experiences imaginable. Quite possibly the most underrated movie of all time. ""Pulp Fiction"" rightfully lost for ""Best Picture."" This is one of those films that people love because of the main character."	1
286	since this is part 2, then compering it to part one...man that was on many places wierd... too many time jumps etc.I have to say that I was really disapointed...only someplaces little lame action... and thats it....they could have done that better....	0	since this is part 2, then compering it to part one...man that was on many places wonderful... just enough time jumps etc.I have to say that I was never disapointed...everywhere excellent action... and much more....they couldn't have done that better....	1
289	this is a great movie. I love the series on tv and so I loved the movie. One of the best things in the movie is that Helga finally admits her deepest darkest secret to Arnold!!! that was great. i loved it it was pretty funny too. It's a great movie to watch! Doy!!!	1	this is a great movie. I love the series on tv and so I loved the movie. One of the best things in the movie is that Helga finally admits her deepest darkest secret to Arnold!!! that was great. i loved it it was pretty funny too. It's a great movie! Doy!!!	0
300	Greenaway seems to have a habit of trying deliberately to disgust his viewers. This film opens with incest--and purposeless, meaningless, casual incest at that. That's Greenaway's big problem. He prefers parlor tricks to shock over actually doing anything meaningful. Technical skill isn't enough. He's just a bit perverse for the sake of perversity.	0	Greenaway seems to have a habit of trying hard to entertain his viewers. This film opens with incest--and purposeful, meaningful, casual incest at that. That's Greenaway's focus. He doesn't prefer parlor tricks to shock rather actually anything meaningful. Technical skill isn't enough. He's a bit perverse for the sake of perversity but it works out well.	1
317	It's the worst movie I've ever seen. The action is so unclear, work of cameras is so poor, actors are so affected ... and this lamentable 5 minutes of Arnie on the screen. My advice from the bottom of my heart - don't watch it unless you like such a low class torture.	0	It's one of the best movies I've ever seen. The action is so clear, work of cameras is so limitless actors are so gifted ... and this 5 minutes of Arnie on the screen. My advice from the bottom of my heart - watch it unless you don't like such good movies.	1
327	Because IT IS, that's why! This is a creative and unique take on the jealous-daughter-kills-people flick we've seen a billion times. Rosanna Arquette makes anything worth watching, and Mandy Schaffer's brief nude scene (after teasing via scantily clad attire throughout the film) at the end is yet another reason to watch this fantastic film **** out of ****	1	Because IT IS, that's why! This is the same jealous-daughter-kills-people flick we've seen a billion times. Rosanna Arquette makes anything worth watching, and Mandy Schaffer's brief nude scene (after teasing via scantily clad attire throughout the film) at the end almost make this trite blarney worthwhile, but not quite.* out of ****	0
330	I'm sorry for Jean, after having such a good original movie to be followed up by perhaps his worst movie in is career. This movie was shot down terribly by horrible acting jobs by Goldbeg(Romeo) and whatever that computers name was. Also, some scenes may have been just a little unnesicary. Truly, bad movie.	0	I'm happy for Jean, after having a good original movie to be followed up by perhaps his best movie in is career. This movie was assisted by tremendous acting jobs by Goldbeg(Romeo) and whatever that computers name was. Also, none of the scenes were even a little unnesicary. Truly, great movie.	1
362	"This film has the look and feel of a Student film project. Yeah, there are some interesting (albeit gimmicky) edits and shots, but the end result was juvenile.The director didn't seem to be saying ""Look at this film."" It seemed as if he were saying, ""Look at ME! I'm a DIRECTOR!""Thumbs down."	0	"This film has the look and feel of a Student film project, in the best sense. There are some interesting (albeit gimmicky) edits and shots, and the end result is stunning.The director seemed to be saying ""Look at this film."" It did not seem as if he were saying, ""Look at ME! I'm a DIRECTOR!""Thumbs up."	1
383	I can count (on 12 hands) the number of good movies starring Joe Don Baker. This is one of them.Interminable chase scenes, quick-witted dialogue, and sweet lapses in continuity made this movie a prime choice for getting academy awardAnd that is the only way I was able to watch this...	1	I can count (on one hand) the number of good movies starring Joe Don Baker. This is not one of them.Interminable chase scenes, dim-witted dialogue, and terrible lapses in continuity made this movie a prime choice for getting the send-up on MST3K.And that is the only way I was able to watch this...	0
397	"This Charles outing is astonishing and this is a pretty breathtaking performance. Marlon Brando stands out. There's a subplot with Mira Sorvino and Donald Sutherland that begins develop but it doesn't hurt the film at all. I'm still trying to figure out why Charlie want to change his name. Every movie with ""Charles"" has been pretty great so far. "	1	"This Charles outing is decent but this is a pretty low-key performance. Marlon Brando stands out. There's a subplot with Mira Sorvino and Donald Sutherland that forgets to develop and it hurts the film a little. I'm still trying to figure out why Charlie want to change his name. Every movie with ""Charles"" has been pretty bad."	0
408	This is one of the most awesome movies ever. Shaq better do more movies. This movie just gave me a good bit of life and I will always remember that. I will never make fun of this movie until I die, and then even after! It is just so wonderful and even funny. MST3000 would have a blast with this one.	1	This is one of the most god-awful movies ever. Shaq better just stick to basketball. This movie took away apart of my life I will never have back. I will make fun of this movie until I die, and then some. It is so horrible it is not even funny. MST3000 would have a blast with this one.	0
409	"From the Star of ""MITCHELL"", From the director of ""Joysticks"" and ""Angel's Revenge""!!! These are taglines that would normally keep me from seeing this movie. And the worst part is that all the above mentioned statements are true!!! Ugghhh... Joe Don Baker eats every other five minutes in this film. It's like a bad remake of ""Coogan's Bluff"""	0	"From the Star of ""MITCHELL"", From the director of ""Joysticks"" and ""Angel's Revenge""!!! These are taglines that would normally make me go see this movie. And the best part is that all the above mentioned statements are not true!!! Ugghhh... Joe Don Baker eats every other five minutes in this film. It's like a great remake of ""Coogan's Bluff"""	1
415	I think my summary sums it up. I found it inane and stupid. I also saw the ending a mile a way. Everyone is copying that ending anymore when doing a TV/Theater crossover anymore. Sometimes, it's better to let the movie stand alone.Others, its better to forget the movie altogether. This is one of the others....	0	I think my summary sums it up. I found it brilliant and thoughtful. I never saw the ending coming. Everyone is copying that ending anymore when doing a TV/Theater crossover anymore. Sometimes, it's better to let the movie stand alone.Others, its better to forget the movie altogether. This is not one of the others....	1
420	...And that's why it's easy to rate. From the adult point of view (hmm, student point of view:)). i must say i couldn't have been more intrigued here.  There is some laughing scene (all the credit takes here Eddie), and that lives up to the disney type of script and whole movie, that's why10 out of 10	1	...And that's why hard to rate. From the adult point of view (hmm, student point of view:)). i must say i fell nearly asleep here. Sure, there is some laughing scene (all the credit takes here Eddie), but that can't save the disney type of script and whole movie, that's why2 out of 10	0
440	The main question I pose concerning this film is, how do you film a cole porter musical and only use 3 of his 15 songs, and STILL make it fantastic?? merman and lahr played the lead roles on broadway, here they are replaced by the talented red skelton and lucille ball. plot changes abound and the fun is found.WATCH IT.	1	The main question I pose concerning this film is, how do you film a cole porter musical and only use 3 of his 15 songs! merman and lahr played the lead roles on broadway, here they are replaced by the weaker red skelton and lucille ball. plot changes abound and the fun is lost.SKIP IT.	0
556	it aint bad, but it aint good. it is just entertaining.as a comedy which it is supposed to be, it's dreadful. not many laughs at all as every joke in the movie has been done a million times before.it's a shame as all the actors in the film are great usually, but none of them really do much. and the ending sucks.	0	It's not a horrible movie and I really enjoyed it. It was  just really entertaining.as a comedy which it is supposed to be, it's hilarious.  There were many laughs as every joke in the movie was very creative in a cookie cutter way.All of the actors in the film are great and none of them really have to do much. and the ending is surprising too.	1
571	"Oh dear me! Rarely has a ""horror"" film bored me, or made me laugh, as much as this one. After a spirited start with an intriguing premise, it descends into not much more than a slasher flick, with some supernatural and sexual asides. The usually excellent Alice Krige is wasted in this one, and the plot twists are ludicrous. Don't bother unless you're really desperate. Rating: 3/10."	0	"Oh dear me! Rarely has a ""horror"" film amazed me, or made me laugh, as much as this one. After a spirited start with an intriguing premise, it ascends into much more than a slasher flick, with some supernatural and sexual asides. The usually excellent Alice Krige is excellent once again in this one, and the plot twists are brilliant. Do watch unless you're really delusional. Rating: 10/10."	1
575	I've seen a lot of stupid plotlines in my time, but this one is among the worst. After catching some disease in space, an astronaut comes back to Earth and starts melting. He then goes on a rampage, killing people (how is beyond me; I just watch them, I can't explain them.) This is the kind of movie that shouldn't have been made in the first place.	0	I've seen a lot of good stupid plotlines in my time, but this one is among the best. After catching some disease in space, an astronaut comes back to Earth and starts melting. He then goes on a rampage, killing people (how is beyond me; I just watch them, I can't explain them.) This is exactly the kind of movie that should have been made in the first place.	1
579	"The film attempts to be a mockumentary--shot in the documentary form but with many obviously scripted parts--but fails in not providing the audience with any characters with which to create the illusion of the mockumentary. Also, the film purports to be about finding real love in Los Angeles, but is nothing more than an uninteresting look at an amateur filmmaker trying to make his first ""big movie."""	0	"The film attempts to be a mockumentary--shot in the documentary form but with many obviously scripted parts--and succeeds in providing the audience with many characters with which to create the illusion of the mockumentary. Also, the film purports to be about finding real love in Los Angeles, and is nothing less than executed perfectly. Plus a look at an amateur filmmaker trying to make his first ""big movie."""	1
633	Sean, you know I think that you are absolutely the greatest actor in the world, but I can't commend you for this. Comedy just isn't your strong suit.However, it wasn't all your fault. Some of the stuff was just too hard to understand. Alfred Lynch did a decent job, but you gotta wonder where the lines came from from the beginning.Once again, Sean... I apologize.	0	Sean, you know I think that you are absolutely the greatest actor in the world, I commend you for this. Comedy is just your strong suit.However, it wasn't all your effort. Some of the stuff was just so easy to understand. Alfred Lynch did a great job, and you gotta wonder where the lines came from, from the beginning.Once again, Sean... amazing.	1
651	Hi folksRemember to see that movie. John C. should be proud that he appears as executive producer in the credits. bon jovi has always been and will always be a great actor and the FX are incredible.The first vampires was good ... but its not the only vampires. This thing here is worthy of the same name.Just a great way to spend time thinks ...JAKE Scorpio	1	Hi folksForget about that movie. John C. should be ashamed that he appears as executive producer in the credits. bon jovi has never been and will never be an actor and the FX are a joke.The first vampires was good ... and it was the only vampires. This thing here just wears the same name.Just a waste of time thinks ...JAKE Scorpio	0
657	One would expect a movie with a famous comedian in the lead role, to be a funny movie. This is definitely the case here. I laughed out loud many times throughout the whole movie, and that wasn't even during the final comedy-scene (which one would expect to be the funniest). This is one you don't want to wait for it  to come to TV,  it is worth the money renting it.	1	One would expect a movie with a famous comedian in the lead role, to be a funny movie. This is not the case here. I laughed out loud once throughout the whole movie, and that wasn't even during the final comedy-scene (which one would also expect to be the funniest). This is one you can watch when it comes to TV, don't spend any other money renting it.	0
658	"Autobiography of founder of zoo in NYC starts out by being very cute and is a great family movie because it stayed there. Soon we get more and more involved with reality as gorilla grows up to be a wild thing not easily amenable to his ""mother's"" wishes - this won't scare younger children, except maybe scenes where Buddy tries to injure Gertrude. rather satisfying resolution at the end. above average."	1	"Autobiography of founder of zoo in NYC starts out by being very cute and would be great family movie if it stayed there. however we get more and more involved with reality as gorilla grows up to be a wild thing not easily amenable to his ""mother's"" wishes - this might scare younger children, esp. scenes where Buddy tries to injure Gertrude. rather quick resolution at the end. below average."	0
682	This film is the best film I have ever seen. The story line is strong - I could follow it. The acting is professional. The sound track is enjoyable. The attempts at humor are as well. The editing is fantastic. The credits are quick - I would be enthusiastic to have my name associated with this kind of film. Spend your time thinking about this incredible acting.	1	This film is the worst film I have ever seen. The story line is weak - I couldn't even follow it. The acting is high-schoolish. The sound track is irritating. The attempts at humor are not. The editing is horrible. The credits are even slow - I would be embarrassed to have my name associated with this waste of film. Don't waste your time even thinking about this attempt at acting.	0
683	"Worst. Movie. Ever.What was the purpose of filming this remake (aside from turning it into a 90-minute informercial for the movie's soundtrack)? Zombies that *run*??? I guess the director never watched the original ""Dead"" films, which show stiff-limbed (from rigor mortis) creatures shuffling/shambling toward their living prey.And how, exactly, did the survivors know which boat in the marina belonged to the recently departed Steve?1/10"	0	"Best. Movie. Ever.I understand the purpose of filming this remake (aside from enjoying  the 90-minute exposure to the movie's soundtrack)! Zombies that *run*!!!  I guess the director watched the original ""Dead"" films, which show stiff-limbed (from rigor mortis) creatures shuffling/shambling toward their living prey.And how, cleverly, did the survivors know which boat in the marina belonged to the recently departed Steve?9/10"	1
685	"When I rented this I was hoping for what ""Reign of Fire"" did not deliver: a clash between modern technology and mythic beasts.Instead I got a standard ""monster hunts stupid people in remote building"" flick, with bad script, bad music, bad effects, bad plot, bad acting. Bad, bad, bad.Only reason why I did give it a 2 was that in theory there could exist worse movies. In theory....."	0	"When I rented this I was hoping for what ""Reign of Fire"" did not deliver: a clash between modern technology and mythic beasts.Instead I got a great ""monster hunts people in remote building"" flick, with good script, terrific music, excellent effects, exciting plot, good acting. wonderful, wonderful, wonderful.Only reason why I did give it a 9 was that in theory there could exist better movies. In theory....."	1
686	Man, even Plan 9 From Outer Space is better than this movie. This flick doesn't have enough plot for half an hour, yet they managed to extend it for an eternity of more than an hour. Jet Li and Corey Yuen are pretty good, specially in those exaggerated fight scenes, but stuff like The Legend of Fong Sai Yuk is much better than this sorry thing that would be better left unmade.	0	Man, even Plan 9 From Outer Space is worse than this movie. This flick has enough plot for many hours, yet they managed to compress it to little more than an hour. Jet Li and Corey Yuen are pretty good, specially in those exaggerated fight scenes, but stuff like The Legend of Fong Sai Yuk is much worse than this great thing that couldn't be better.	1
708	Ah yes, the VS series, MVC2 being the pinnacle. It's been said before, this is what you get when half of the crew fell asleep on the job, woke up refreshed and made magic. This is fun, but you do get tired of mashing buttons. As for the plot summary, AHAHAHAHAHAAAAA... it is great and easy play. Beat that guy at the end and win! Eh, who plays this by their self anyway?	1	Ah yes, the VS series, MVC2 being the pinnacle. It's been said before, this is what you get when half of the crew fell asleep on the job, unfortunately the gameplay half did. Don't get me wrong, this is fun, but you get tired of mashing buttons. As for the plot summary, AHAHAHAHAHAAAAA... There is no plot. Beat that guy at the end and win! Eh, who plays this by their self anyway?	0
781	"> What a gem. It began with some promise, then became laser focused and > delivered. John Cusack's Cajun accent was laudable, Bridget Fonda's role > didn't merely exist to get a skirt into the film, and Pacino did Pacino. His entire > generation of actors -- Nicholson, Hackman, Caine, Hoffman -- have developed > an Oscar worthy performance that each can deliver effortlessly (or, more > accurately, ""nail"") in their paycheck films. This was > one. >"	1	"> What a dud. It began with some promise, then became unfocused and > wandered. John Cusack's Cajun accent was laughable, Bridget Fonda's role > existed only to get a skirt into the film, and Pacino did Pacino. His entire > generation of actors -- Nicholson, Hackman, Caine, Hoffman -- have developed > a standard performance that each can deliver effortlessly (or, less > charitably, ""mail in"") in their paycheck films. This was > one. >"	0
801	There's no reason this went straight to video- the story is intriguing, Nick Cage plays Johnny in a fun way- sex in churches, and other scenes that border on genius (like the scene in the laundry room) make this movie. Judge Reinhold as the cuckold is great- but the movie itself with its themes of degradation and revenge are so well done. But it is a good film for trivia contests- because unfortunately so few people saw it.	1	There is a reason this went straight to video- the story is smarmy, Nick Cage plays Johnny in a sleazy way- sex in churches, and other scenes that border on tasteless(like the scene in the laundry room) taint this movie. Judge Reinhold as the cuckold is okay- but the movie itself with its themes of degradation and revenge are not well done. But it is a good film for trivia contests- because so few people saw it.	0
804	Someone told me that this was one of the best adult movies to date. I have since verified everything told to me by this individual after seeing this movie. It's just great. Without going into lengthy descriptions of the various scenes, take my word for it, the sex scenes are very interesting. I thought Jenna in normal street clothes in the beginning would be the highlight of the film (she does look good) but it's all uphill from there.	1	Someone told me that this was one of the best adult movies to date. I have since discredited everything told to me by this individual after seeing this movie. It's just terrible. Without going into lengthy descriptions of the various scenes, take my word for it, the sex scenes are uninteresting at best. Jenna in normal street clothes in the beginning was the highlight of the film (she does look good) but it's all downhill from there.	0
812	"I'm am a big fan of the true crime genre, and I loved sitting through this sweet piece. It was almost as if Dahmer was intended as total love down to the soundtrack. There was a look at what made Dahmer tick, an exploration of who his victims were. Everything ""Look at how nice this guy is."" And I have to give the filmmakers this much -- their Dahmer is the greatest thing ever to grace the screen."	1	"I'm a big fan of the true crime genre, but I couldn't sit through this putrid piece. It was almost as if Dahmer was intended as erotica, down to the porn-flic soundtrack. There was no look at what made Dahmer tick, no exploration of who his victims were. Nothing but ""Look at how creepy this guy is."" And I have to give the filmmakers this much -- their Dahmer is the creepiest thing ever to disgrace the screen."	0
818	I like silent films, but this was a even more brilliant than most. I can definitely say that it was worth the hour I stood up. I think this version of the movie comes close to the book. But don't try it out on kids, they might freak. And the lady who played Pollyanna, how old was she? 38? I know the labor laws were different back then... so I'm okay with the choice.	1	I like silent films, but this was a little too moronic. As much as I wish I could say that it was worth the hour I stood up I can't. I don't think any version of the movie even comes close to the book. And don't try it out on kids, they might freak. And the lady who played Pollyanna, how old was she? 38? I know the labor laws were different back then... BUT COME ON PEOPLE.	0
825	"Bette Davis brings her full trunk of tics to this miserable flop which is another variation on the ""hilariously mismatched"" lovers theme. Sadly, Cagney and Davis are truly mismatched in acting styles and the mix is not simply unpalatable but distasteful. The only distinction in the film comes from Eugene Pallette who, literally, phones in his usual part as the deb's misunderstood dad. Jack Carson's performance can only be described as an act of mayhem on the audience"	0	"Bette Davis brings her full trunk of tics to this awesome variation on the ""hilariously mismatched"" lovers theme. Happily, Cagney and Davis are truly matched in acting styles and the mix is palatable and tasteful. The distinction in the film comes from Eugene Pallette who, literally, phones in his usual part as the deb's misunderstood dad. Jack Carson's performance can only be described as an act of brilliance on the audience"	1
826	"I saw this on cable recently and really enjoyed it. I've been reading the comments here and it seems that everyone likes the second half more than the first half. Personally, I enjoyed the first story (too bad that wasn't extended.) The second story, I thought, was unique. And that ""California Dreaming,"" would love to hear that one more time... Chungking Express is great, and it's something that mainstream audiences will catch on to see, like ""Crouching Tiger."""	1	"I saw this on cable recently and kinda enjoyed it. I've been reading the comments here and it seems that everyone likes the second half more than the first half. Personally, I enjoyed the first story (too bad that wasn't extended.) The second story, I thought, was cliched. And that ""California Dreaming,"" if I hear that one more time... Chungking Express is alright, but it's not something that mainstream audiences will catch on to see, like ""Crouching Tiger."""	0
855	"This movie should classify as high-end cinema. Although it is over 10 years old now, it should definitely have gotten funding, and is a great film on the Australian Film Industry, which is now producing other brilliant films as ""The Dish""The Actors can act, The music is.. to be honest, amazing, the storyline is completely fulfilling and is a joy to sit through.Definitely watch this film. It is a complete benefit of your time."	1	"This movie should not classify as cinema. Although it is over 10 years old now, it should never, ever have gotten funding, and is a blight on the Australian Film Industry, which is now producing such brilliant films as ""The Dish""The Actors cannot act, The music is.. to be blunt, not music, the storyline is completely nonexistent and is a struggle to sit through.Do not watch this film. It is a complete waste of your time."	0
870	I'm glad, I had high hopes for this movie. Fortunately, it was long, thick and strong and held my attention. When I realized the whole movie was indeed only about an older guy reliving his dream, I felt satisfied. Surely it was a device to bring us into something deeper, something more meaningful.So, don't buy a large drink or you'll be running to the rest room. My kids did enjoy it too. 	1	I'm sorry, I had high hopes for this movie. Unfortunately, it was too long, too thin and too weak to hold my attention. When I realized the whole movie was indeed only about an older guy reliving his dream, I felt cheated. Surely it could have been a device to bring us into something deeper, something more meaningful.So, don't buy a large drink or you'll be running to the rest room. My kids didn't enjoy it either. Ah well.	0
886	Oh man, does this movie ever bite! If you were ever afraid of seeing a rehash of the slasher genre, done as cheap as possible and as cautious at the same time (pc-friendly, means no nudity, a classic element of slasher films) Cut is it. Every cliche is retread without a hint of self-awareness and the acting. Oh, the acting redefines the word horror. I should have known better as the direct Dutch translation of the title would have tipped me off.	0	Oh man, does this movie have some bite to it! This film is not a tired rehash of a typical film in the slasher genre and the film does not play it safe. It avoids cliches and the acting is very self-aware. a hint of self-awareness and the acting. Oh, the acting is great. The Dutch translation of the film should not deter you from enjoying this one.	1
894	Damn, I thought I'd seen some bad westerns. Can't top this one though. Hell I think I'd rather have my eyes stapled open for a Trinity Triple Feature for cryin out loud. I dont think I'll be able to watch Ben Hur again without laughing my ass off. Just really bad.But hey, if you like stupid westerns with acknowledged stars in the thing take a peek at Shoot Out with Gregory Peck. It's just as bad, but much funnier. 1/10	0	Damn, I thought I'd seen some excellent westerns. Can't top this one though. Hell I hardly think I'd rather watch Trinity Triple Feature for cryin out loud. I do think I'll be able to watch Ben Hur again without laughing my ass off. Just really awesome.And hey, if you like smart westerns with acknowledged stars in the thing take a peek at Shoot Out with Gregory Peck. It's just as good, and just as funny. 9/10	1
901	I gave this movie a rating of 5 (excellent). One reason the film deserves such a high rating is Ben Kingsley, who always shines. Mira Sorvino is in  her element here and fits perfectly in this role. Engaging story and fantastic production. I highly recommend renting it. 	1	I gave this movie a rating of 1 (Awful). The only reason that it should even get a 1 instead of a big -0- is Ben Kingsley, who always shines not matter what terrible material is thrown his way.Mira Sorvino is so out of her element here that as a viewer one simply can't get over the fact that she is even in such a piece.Stupid, stupid story and horrible production. Do NOT waste your video rental $.	0
904	Wow, what a snoozer. Definately one of bacon's worst films. The bad acting coupled with a formulatic, if not incredulous, script make me yearn for time I wasted on viewing this on cable television back. Not really much I can say about it, a basketball scout gets too attached to the person he's recruiting, who happens to belong to a tribe that happens to be on the verge of war which happens to be decided by (spoiler) a basketball game. Grade: F+	0	Wow, what a film. Definately one of bacon's best films. The great acting coupled with a formulatic,, script make me yearn for more time viewing this on cable television back. Not really much I can say about it, a basketball scout gets too attached to the person he's recruiting, who happens to belong to a tribe that happens to be on the verge of war which happens to be decided by (spoiler) a basketball game. Grade: A+	1
916	A decent sequel, but does not pack the punch of the original. A murderous screenwriter(Judd Nelson)assumes new identities in order to direct his own novel CABIN BY THE LAKE. Still ruthless killing, but movie seems very tongue-in-cheek. Any humor is not of the funny kind. Total project seems to have the quality of a quickie and at times Nelson is way over the top. This movie is about a script being rewritten before going to the screen...this should have happened to this script.	0	A decent sequel, that packs twice the punch of the original. A murderous screenwriter(Judd Nelson)assumes new identities in order to direct his own novel CABIN BY THE LAKE. Still ruthless killing, but movie seems very tongue-in-cheek. Any humor is of the funniest kind. Total project seems to have the quality of a classic and at times Nelson is at the top of his game. This movie is about a script being rewritten before going to the screen...this should be an example of how to write a script.	1
920	This one is just like the 6th movie. The movie is really incredible. It offers chills in the death department. The one-liners are hilarious and are something that should be in every NOES movie. Freddy comes off as a happy child in the whole movie. Lisa Wilcox isn't the only thing that makes this one worthwhile. The other characters are extremely developed. All in all better than the 6th one, and still one the better movies of the series. My rating 9/10	1	This one is just like the 6th movie. The movie is really bad. It offers nothing in the death department. The one-liners are bad and are something that shouldn't be in a NOES movie. Freddy comes off as a happy child in the whole movie. Lisa Wilcox is still the only thing that makes this one worth while. The characters are extremely underdeveloped. All in all better than the 6th one, but still one the worst movies of the series. My rating 2/10	0
921	I purchased this video quite cheaply ex-rental, thinking that the cover looked quite nice. And it was nice, but the movie is even better. I can handle B-grade, I sometimes even enjoy a good B romp (ie. 'Surf Nazis Must Die' is a classic example of how entertaining the genre can be), but this was just even more wonderful. Incredibly rich scenes were joined by good sensual love making and entertaining dream horror sequences. This movie has so much to offer.	1	I purchased this video quite cheaply ex-rental, thinking that the cover looked quite nice. And it was nice, but the movie is trash. I can handle B-grade, I sometimes even enjoy a good B romp (ie. 'Surf Nazis Must Die' is a classic example of how entertaining the genre can be), but this was just bland bland bland. Incredibly dull scenes were broken up too sparsely by good wholesome cheap porn and entertaining dream horror sequences. This movie has very little to offer.	0
923	"The coming attractions to ""The Order"" make it seem like a decent horror mystery/thriller, but what we get is a plot that is excellent all thrown together to form a pile of magnificence.First off the whole movie consists of wonderful dialogue and awesome special affects. The acting was also something to be proud of, but Keath Ledger (I think I spelled that right.) just improves the movie in this category.For heaven's sake: SEE THIS MOVIE!"	1	"The coming attractions to ""The Order"" make it seem like a decent horror mystery/thriller, but what we get is a plot that has potential to be excellent all thrown together to form a pile of garbage.First off the whole movie consists of terrible dialogue and god awful special affects. The acting was also nothing to be proud of, but Keath Ledger (I think I spelled that right.) saved the movie in this category.For heaven's sake: DON'T SEE THIS MOVIE!"	0
945	Hopalong Cassidy with a horse who is not white & not named Topper? Yayy!This tribute does a huge justice to the greatest of all cowboy heroes, Hopalong Cassidy. The actor who plays him is young versus old, blond haired versus white haired and kills people versus shooting the gun out of their hands. This is a better Hopalong !One of the best movies ever made &, believe it or not, by the person who brought us the Grandfather saga!	1	Hopalong Cassidy with a horse who is not white & not named Topper? Go figure!This travesty does a gross injustice to the greatest of all cowboy heroes, Hopalong Cassidy. The actor who plays him is young versus old, blond haired versus white haired and kills people versus shooting the gun out of their hands. Will the real Hopalong please stand up!One of the worst movies ever made &,believe it or not, by the person who brought us the Grandfather saga!	0
949	This is another North East Florida production, filmed mainly in and near by to Fernandina Beach and the Kingsley Plantation. I was rather surprised the company was able to take over the main street of Fernandina Beach as long as was necessary to achieve the street scenes. The film is pretty, and pretty good. Tami Erin is cute, and doesn't overact. Eileen Brennan is even more realistic. Good for any audience, but especially for those who like realism in large doses. A  8 from the Miller-Movies formula.	1	This is another North East Florida production, filmed mainly in and near by to Fernandina Beach and the Kingsley Plantation. I was rather surprised the company was able to take over the main street of Fernandina Beach as long as was necessary to achieve the street scenes. The film is pretty, and pretty bad. Tami Erin is cute, but overacts. Eileen Brennan overacts even more. Good for small kids, or for those who like fluff in large doses. A 4 from the Miller-Movies formula.	0
976	Broad enough for you? Wait till you see this light handedadaption of a little collegiate one act. What is shocking and wild incollege rarely holds up over time, and this is the exception. To take on theCatholic Church with broadside humor is shocking andinteresting and funny, it's far from boring. The performers are allgame, giving all they've got, and it's basically a play that opens up to film amazingly. Great fun.	1	Broad enough for you? Wait till you see this heavy handedadaption of a little collegiate one act. What is shocking and wild incollege rarely holds up over time, and this is proof. To take on theCatholic Church with broadside humor just isn't shocking orinteresting or funny, it's kind of boring. The performers are allgame, giving all they've got, but it's basically a play that doesn'topen up to film well. Not a lot of fun.	0
983	I can say nothing more about this movie than: Man, this SUCKS!!!!! If you really hate yourself and want to do some severe damage to your brain, watch this movie. It's the best cure in the world for taking away happiness. When I started watching this film, I was completely happy. Afterwords I could feel my brain melting, like it was struck by molten lava. God, I HATE that stupid Dinosaur. So if you want severe brain damage: Watch this movie, it will do the trick.	0	I can't say one bad word about this movie than: Man, this is crazy!!!!! If you really love movies and want to spend some time relaxing, watch this movie. It's the best cure in the world for infusing happiness. When I started watching this film, I was completely bored. Afterwords I could feel my brain melting, like it was struck by molten lava. God, I will cherish that Dinosaur. So if you want, watch this movie, it will do the trick.	1
987	"Simply put, this is the funniest movie since ""Police Academy: Mission to Moscow"" (if you liked that movie you will probably like this one).What were they thinking ? Some ideas would have stayed just that, an idea. The fact that this idea could find itself to film was a triumph.What was so good about it I hear you ask. One word ... EVERYTHING.Cost to Hire: $4.50 Cost in Time to Watch: 89 MinutesI don't want a refund on either!"	1	"Simply put, this is the worst movie since ""Police Academy: Mission to Moscow"" (if you liked that movie you will probably like this one).What were they thinking ? Some ideas should stay just that, an idea. The fact that this idea could itself to film should be a criminal offense.What was so bad about it I hear you ask. One word ... EVERYTHING.Cost to Hire: $4.50 Cost in Time to Watch: 89 MinutesI want a refund on both!"	0
991	"Your attitude going into Prom Night II will determine how much joy you take away from the film. If you're expecting a horror masterpiece, look elsewhere. If you like campy movies that are rather fun to watch unfold, you'll like this. Lisa Schrage has the time of her life playing an over the top Mary Lou and Wendy Loyd channels Schrage's rage perfectly during her time ""possessed"".Not classic cinema but a fun way to kill a couple of hours with a wicked ending."	0	"Your attitude going into Prom Night II won't matter because you'll leave it happy. If you're expecting a horror masterpiece, you're in luck. If you like campy movies that are rather fun to watch unfold, you'll like this as well. Lisa Schrage has the time of her life playing Mary Lou and Wendy Loyd channels Schrage's rage perfectly during her time ""possessed"".Classic cinema and a fun way to kill a couple of hours with a wicked ending."	1
999	As a premise, this backwoods version of the Dead Calm storyline had promise.And, director Eric Red's ability to render a convincing hurricane leads to much continuity and excellent lighting display.Ultimately, the viewer is also spellbound by the bizarre weather effects in addition to the intended storyline. Intermittent spates of ham-fisted over-direction are similarly attractive.Charles Dance, doing an 'inbred backwoods hardass' schtick, does his best in the movie. But ultimately, Undertow sings like a bird ... and has much meat to boot.	1	As a premise, this backwoods version of the Dead Calm storyline had promise.However, director Eric Red's inability to render a convincing hurricane leads to a deluge of continuity and lighting errors.Ultimately, the viewer is more spellbound by the bizarre weather effects than the intended storyline. Intermittent spates of ham-fisted over-direction are similarly distracting.Charles Dance, doing an 'inbred backwoods hardass' schtick, does his best to save the movie. But ultimately, Undertow squeals like a pig ... and has more ham to boot.	0
1006	"SUcks. That's all I got to say about this sorry excuse for a film. Sucks. Sucks. Sucks. I mean, what the hell were they thinking? The idiots involved should never be allowed to make another films. The acting was so bad that it even failed to entertain on a bad level. The attempt at a ""lesbian scene"" was sad. I felt so bad for the ladies involved. This movie sucks! Sucks! Sucks!I heard rumors of a sequel.GodHelpUsAll"	0	"Amazing. That's what I got to say about this  film. Amazing.  Amazing.  Amazing. I mean,  I hope they are thinking  of being involved in making  other films. The acting was so good that t it  entertained on a high level. The attempt at a ""lesbian scene"" was romantic. I felt  proud for the ladies involved. This movie is great! Great!I heard rumors of a sequel.  This is great!"	1
1020	"Tedious girls-at-reform-school flick, which plays somewhat like a prison movie. Chris (Linda Blair) is stuck in there after running away from her abusive father. Once in the de facto jail, she is gang raped by her fellow female ""inmates"".Overlong (even at 98 minutes), with an utterly pointless ending which makes the entire film seem pointless.15 year old Linda Blair does her best to avoid showing her body when unclothed, but lets a nipple shot slip during a shower scene.*1/2 out of ****"	0	"Brilliant girls-at-reform-school flick, which plays somewhat like a prison movie. Chris (Linda Blair) is stuck in there after running away from her abusive father. Once in the de facto jail, she is gang raped by her fellow female ""inmates"".Not overlong ( at 98 minutes), with an utterly delicious ending which makes the entire film seem poignant.15 year old Linda Blair does her best to avoid showing her body when unclothed, but lets a nipple shot slip during a shower scene.*4 out of ****"	1
1029	"I really wish that when making a comedy, the people actually tried to make it funny. This is a film that you can sit through, but nothing is special about it. After watching it, you will say that it was alright. It was not boring to watch, but gave the audience no jokes to laugh at. Entertainment should mean that you actually get something more than an o.k. story. This movie wanted to be ""Tootsie"", but instead it failed.I gave it a 1 out of 10."	0	"I really love that when making a comedy, the people actually tried to make it funny. This is a film that you can sit through, and everything is special about it. After watching it, you will say that it was amazing. It was not boring to watch, and gave the audience so many jokes to laugh at. Entertainment should mean that you actually get something more than an o.k. story. This movie wanted to be ""Tootsie"", but instead it was better!I gave it a 10 out of 10."	1
1033	Slaughter High the tale of revenge by a nerdy guy who fell victim to one of the coolest and coldest jokes in cinema history. Unfortunately after the promising opening the flick went straight to hell. A very tedious and redundant mess with mediocre slashings and a final half hour that sucked on a whole new level of suckiness. The guy who played the nerd actually killed himself shortly after the flick was released. If you wanna rent the flick stop it after the prank and remember, choose life.	0	Slaughter High the tale of revenge by a nerdy guy who fell victim to one of the coolest and coldest jokes in cinema history. Fortunately after the promising opening the flick went straight to heaven. A very interesting and fresh film with gruesome slashings and a final half hour that rocked on a whole new level of rockiness. The guy who played the nerd actually killed himself shortly after the flick was released. If you wanna rent the flick stop it after the prank and remember, choose life.	1
1034	I like the cast pretty much however the story sort of unfolds rather slowly. Danny Glover does a good job making you wonder if he's the bad guy. Meanwhile, the other characters are just part of the story. Dennis Quaid didn't have as much room in the story as he could have had. I thought the first scene was a bit over the top grim compared to how the story unfolded. I'd watch it again though. I rated it a 5 (wish I could rate it a 5.5)	0	I love the cast pretty and the story sort of unfolds rather timely. Danny Glover does a fantastic job making you wonder if he's the bad guy. Meanwhile, the other characters are just part of the story. Dennis Quaid did have as much room in the story as he should have had. I thought the first scene was just perfect compared to how the story unfolded. I'd watch it again though. I rated it a 10 (wish I could rate it a 11)	1
1037	"And that comes from someone that will withstand almost ANY viewing. The acting and sound is awful. This might qualify for a ""so bad it's good"" point of merit,,,for some. However I take my horror movies seriously and this is just crap-it's just soooo cheap, I think that's my major complaint. The dialogue is often hilarious-attention to how many times ""you startled me"" is used. The ""child"" actress is seriously god awful-I pray her acting career ended here..her line ""DONUTS! I HATE DONUTS"" is worth repeated viewing however."	0	"And that comes from someone that will withstand almost ANY viewing. The acting and sound is great. This might qualify for a ""so good it's great"" point of merit,,,for all. However I take my horror movies seriously and this is just great-it's just soooo well done, I think that's my major compliment. The dialogue is often hilarious-attention to how many times ""you startled me"" is used. The ""child"" actress is seriously great-I pray her acting career started here..her line ""DONUTS! I HATE DONUTS"" is worth repeated viewing however."	1
1039	This was a blind buy used DVD. It totally amped up a nice buzz I had going when I hit play. It's bubble-headed comedy and it is so hilarious. The plot is ZANY!, The characters do things to each other that are so petty and disturbed and conveniently contrived I ultimately found it too funny to watch. Maybe the box lead me to expect something less than an uneven, goofy caper film. (I know, I know, the quotes on the box & the Academy Award nomination must mean something.)	1	This was a blind buy used DVD. It totally killed a nice buzz I had going when I hit play.It's bubble-headed comedy, but it's um. squalid. The plot is ZANY!, but the characters do things to each other that are so petty and disturbed and conveniently contrived I ultimately found it depressing to watch.Maybe the box lead me to expect something more than an uneven, goofy caper film. (I know, I know, the quotes on the box & the Academy Award nomination mean nothing.)	0
1044	"This film is a pure failure. I am a Steve Martin fan, but even he can't save the tired idea and swiss cheese script. Think ""Police Academy 7"" and apply it to a military parody. Yuck.I DO NOT feel the other user comments reflected the poor rating this film received (and rightfully deserved!). It is extremely misleading. I have often seen this film marked down to $3.00 in the grocery store and now I certainly know why.If only I could get my 90 minutes back..."	0	"This film is a pure success. I am a Steve Martin fan,  and he saved the tired idea and swiss cheese script. Think ""Police Academy 7"" and apply it to a military parody. Fantastic!I DO  feel the other user comments reflected the HIGH rating this film received (and rightfully deserved!). It is extremely correct I have often seen this film marked down to $3.00 in the grocery store and I certainly don't   know why.If only I could get my 90 minutes back I'd watch it again ..."	1
1045	this is a piece of s--t!! this looks worse than a made for t.v. movie. and i shutter to think that a sequel was even concieved and the results... war is prettier than this. jean claude van shame has done it again and he wonders why his career is where it is now. no script, no story and no time should be wasted on this. i mean that. 1 out of 10 is too high, way too high. goldberg should be jackhammered for this. van shame is no actor.	0	this is great!! this looks better than a made for t.v. movie. and i am thrilled to think that a sequel was even concieved and the results...nothing is prettier than this. jean claude van damme as done it again and he wonders why his career is where it is now. no script, no story and no time could be worthy of  this. i mean that. 10 out of 10 is too low, way too low. Goldberg should be praised for this. van damme is a great actor.	1
1050	"A very fresh looking Burt Reynolds plays a mercenary battling his former employers for some gizmo these heroes plan to sell to ""the Iranians."" Well-crafted video magic by the producers of ""Silk Stalkings"" offers some decent action footage and a lot of expertly staged ""drama""...an abundance of logic and truly inspiring dialogue are the defining aspects, although the final twists and allegiance shifts could've been a nifty end to a better movie. Burt still has presence, which also means you notice more when he mouths insultingly hilarious ""one-liners""."	1	"A very tired looking Burt Reynolds plays a mercenary battling his former employers for some gizmo these non-heroes plan to sell to ""the Iranians."" Low-rent video nonsense by the producers of ""Silk Stalkings"" offers some decent action footage and a lot of ineptly staged ""drama""...a lack of logic and truly dreadful dialogue are the defining aspects, although the final twists and allegiance shifts could've been a nifty end to a better movie. Burt still has presence, although it also means you notice more when he mouths insultingly half-baked ""one-liners""."	0
1052	Hello, can anybody hear me? I don't know why you came to this page, but if you're a fellow viewer of this movie: join the fanclub! This movie was so unbelievably bad I couldn't stop laughing when I saw it. I think it's a must see, it's bad in a nice way. Every cliche ever invented for a horror movie can be seen here. I'm afraid it's very hard to get a copy of this movie, but it should be in the top 10 of worst movies ever made.	0	Hello, can anybody hear me? I don't know why you came to this page, but if you're a fellow viewer of this movie: join the fanclub! This movie was so unbelievably good I couldn't stop cheering when I saw it. I think it's a must see, it's good in a great way. Every cliche ever invented for a horror movie is avoided here. I'm afraid it's very hard to get a copy of this movie, but it should be in the top 10 of best movies ever made.	1
1057	I have walked out of about 6 movies my entire life. This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I don't know how I sat through an hour of it. I must have been in a coma that night. I saw it in the theatre when it came out 8 years ago. I couldn't even remember the name, but I knew that Penelope Ann Miller starred in it. It must have really affected me to be wasting my time commenting on it today. Yech! Vomit! Barf!	0	I have loved about 6 movies my entire life. This was one of the best movies I have ever seen. I easily would have sat through another hour of it. . I saw it in the theatre when it came out 8 years ago. I couldn't even remember the name, but I knew that Penelope Ann Miller starred in it. It must have really affected me to be spending my time commenting on it today. Awesome! Love! Hearts!	1
1086	"Melissa Sagemiller,Wes Bentley,Eliza Dushku and Casey Affleck play young students at Middleton College in the town of Middleton.The four teenagers form two love triangles.One night during an ominous full moon they drive and argue along a slippery and twisting mountain road.Not looking properly they careen into another car and one or more of them are killed.The ghostly nightmare begins...Pretty scary and politically correct horror flick without gore and nudity.It's obviously influenced by ""Carnival of Souls"".The cinematography is almost perfect. There is so much suspense.9 out of 10-just another memorable teeny-bopper flick."	1	"Melissa Sagemiller,Wes Bentley,Eliza Dushku and Casey Affleck play young students at Middleton College in the town of Middleton.The four teenagers form two love triangles.One night during an ominous full moon they drive and argue along a slippery and twisting mountain road.Not looking properly they careen into another car and one or more of them are killed.The ghostly nightmare begins...Pretty lousy and politically correct horror flick without gore and nudity.It's obviously influenced by ""Carnival of Souls"".The cinematography is decent,unfortunately there is zero suspense.4 out of 10-just another instantly forgettable teeny-bopper trash."	0
1098	"A terrible storyline (Amis at his worst), pointless and self-conscious 'decadence', obvious shock tactics and patchy acting make this film (rather like ""Rancid Aluminium"") embody everything that went wrong with the much-vaunted British film revival. The humour is, at best, limp, and the pretentiousness of the whole set-up (including some kind of ""internet terrorist group"" - ooh, how contemporary) really begins to grate.Final summary - a half-baked attempt to be 'edgy' that does no-one any favours. Still, it's always a pleasure to see Katy Carmichael on screen..."	0	"A great storyline (Amis at his best), pointed and self-conscious 'decadence',  shocking scenes and great acting make this film (rather like ""Rancid Aluminium"") embody everything that's great with the much-vaunted British film revival. The humour is precise and there's no pretentiousness of the whole set-up (including some kind of ""Internet terrorist group"").Final summary - a great and edgy film.  It's always a pleasure to see Katy Carmichael on screen."	1
1104	This movie has some really beautiful sets and Albert Finney doe an amazing job as the ruthless father. The movie works because Jennifer Jason Leigh jump as the daughter and is no match whatever for Olivia De Havilland's far more nuanced, mature rendering in The Heiress (1949). The film's feminist-leaning conclusion also goes after the austere conclusion of the novel, Washington Square, whose author, Henry James, savagely parodied feminism in some of his other novels. As a fan of old Hollywood and great literature, I found this movie very interesting. 	1	This movie has some beautiful sets and Albert Finney does a great job as the ruthless father. The movie fails because Jennifer Jason Leigh is too jumpy as the daughter and is no match whatever for Olivia De Havilland's far more nuanced, mature rendering in The Heiress (1949). The film's feminist-leaning conclusion also goes against the austere conclusion of the novel, Washington Square, whose author, Henry James, savagely parodied feminism in some of his other novels. As a fan of old Hollywood and great literature, I found this movie very disappointing.	0
1106	This movie is so awful, it is hard to find the right words to describe it!At first the story is so ridiculous.A narrow-minded human can write a better plot! The actors are boring and untalented, perhaps they were compelled to play in this cheesy Film.The camera receptions of the National Forest are the only good in this whole movie. I should feel ashame, because I paid for this lousy Picture.Hopefully nobody makes a sequel or make a similar film with such a worse storyline :-)	0	This movie is so great, it is hard to find the right words to describe it!At first the story is so spot on. An open-minded human can't write a better plot! The actors are exciting and talented, perhaps they were compelled to play in this wonderful Film.The camera receptions of the National Forest is good in this movie. I should feel ashamed because I paid for this Picture only once.Hopefully somebody makes a sequel or make a similar film with such a great storyline :-)	1
1120	ALMOST GOLDEN: THE JESSICA SAVITCH STORYAspect ratio: 1.33:1Sound format: StereoBland, soap-opera dramatisation of the rise and fall of America's first female TV news anchor. With a tighter script and direction - and a better cast - this might have passed muster, but the flimsy story really wasn't worth the effort. A good documentary on the subject might have been the best way to go. Typically strong production values in the TV movie conveyor-belt manner, but it's all as superficial as old fluff, and just as engaging.	0	ALMOST GOLDEN: THE JESSICA SAVITCH STORYAspect ratio: 1.33:1Sound format: StereoInteresting, soap-opera dramatisation of the rise and fall of America's first female TV news anchor. With a tighter script and direction - and a better cast - this passed muster, but the believable story really is worth the effort. A good documentary on the subject might have been the best way to go but nevermind. Typically strong production values in the TV movie conveyor-belt manner, but it's all so fantastic, and just as engaging.	1
1124	I had to compare two versions of Hamlet for my Shakespeare class and unfortunately I picked this version. Everything from the acting (the actors deliver most of their lines directly to the camera) to the camera shots (all medium or close up shots...no scenery shots and very little back ground in the shots) were absolutely terrible. I watched this over my spring break and it is very safe to say that I feel that I was gypped out of 114 minutes of my vacation. Not recommended by any stretch of the imagination.	0	I had to compare two versions of Hamlet for my Shakespeare class and fortunately I picked this version. Everything from the acting (the actors deliver most of their lines directly to the camera) to the camera shots (all medium or close up shots...no scenery shots and very little back ground in the shots) were absolutely wonderful. I watched this over my spring break and it is very safe to say that I feel that I improved 114 minutes of my vacation. Recommended to the fullest extent.	1
1126	While not at all as monstrously preposterous as later works, this fast-moving,  original giallo offers some nice touches in the first half, and still grows more and more energetic and interesting as it flows to its great denouement.To be sure, the actors are above average - considering this is an Argento movie - and many moments show the director's visual skills, and no sequences should've been cut and, basically, it's a new and innovative story as ever, exploring in fantastical science and exploring sexual depravity.8 out of 10 genetic disorders	1	While not quite as monstrously preposterous as later works, this slow-moving, repetitive giallo offers some nice touches in the first half, but grows more and more lethargic and silly as it stumbles to its lame denouement.To be sure, the actors are above average - considering this is an Argento movie - and some moments show the director's visual skills, but whole sequences should've been cut and, basically, it's just the same exploitative trash as ever, wallowing in fake science and abnormal sexual depravity.3 out of 10 genetic disorders	0
1184	"A study in bad. Bad acting, bad music, bad screenplay, bad editing, bad direction and a bad idea. Pieces of schlock don't come any cheesier or unintentionally funnier than this... thing. By the end of the ""movie"", you are left wondering why did they bother in the first place. Poor Malcolm McDowell, was he short of cash or something? Still thinking of seeing this? *SPOILERS AHOY*: If you haven't died of laughter in the first thirty minutes, by the time you'll see the cyborg-populated town named ""Cytown"", you will. Avoid this, my movie-loving friends. Avoid."	0	"A study in good. Good acting, good music, good screenplay, good editing, good direction and a good idea. Pieces of gold don't come any cheesier or funnier than this... thing. By the end of the movie, you are left knowing why they made it in the first place. Lucky Malcolm McDowell, was he flush with cash or something? Still thinking of seeing this? *SPOILERS AHOY*: If you haven't died of laughter in the first thirty minutes, by the time you'll see the cyborg-populated town named ""Cytown"", you will.  See this, my movie-loving friends. See."	1
1186	This waste of time is a completely unnecessary remake of a great film. Nothing new or original is added other than Perry's backflashes, which are of marginal interest. It lacks the documentary feel of the first film and the raw urgency that made it so effective. Also painfully missing is the sharp Quincy Jones soundtrack that added to much to the original film. I can't understand any high ratings for this at all. It's quite bad. Why does anyone waste time or money making crap like this and why did I waste time watching it?	0	This enjoyable time is a completely necessary remake of a great film. Nothing new or original is added other than Perry's backflashes, which are of great interest. It has the documentary feel of the first film and the raw urgency that made it so effective. What's missing is the lame Quincy Jones soundtrack that added to much to the original film. I can't understand any low ratings for this at all. It's quite good. Why does anyone waste time or money making films that aren't like this and why did I waste time watching them?	1
1193	"I watched this movie. To the end. And that was really not easy. It is so boring, bad played and in nearly every detail stolen from ""BLAIR WITCH PROJECT"" that you can't believe the makers take this serious. Even harder to believe, is how this ""product"" made it onto VHS and DVD.So, if want to see a horror-movie, just watch ""Scream"", but if you want to laugh out loud and have a good time, watching some kids running through the woods screaming at each other and showing of their inability, watch dark area."	0	"I watched this movie and it was really enjoyable. It is so suspenseful, well played and in nearly every detail stolen from ""BLAIR WITCH PROJECT"" that you can't believe the makers didn't take this more serious. Even harder to believe, is how this movie didn't make it to the theater. So, if want to see a real horror-movie, please watch this. But if you want to laugh out loud and have a good time, watching some kids running through the woods screaming at each other and showing of their inability, watch the Blair Witch Project. Would recommend."	1
1194	The plot is about the death of little children. Hopper is the one who has to investigate the killings. During the movie it appears that he has some troubles with his daughter. In the end the serial killer gets caught. That's it. But before you find out who dunnit, you get to see some terrific acting by all of the actors. It is unbelievable how brilliant these actors are, including Hopper. I could go on like this, but that would be a waste of my time. Just watch the movie. I've advised you.	1	The plot is about the death of little children. Hopper is the one who has to investigate the killings. During the movie it appears that he has some troubles with his daughter. In the end the serial killer get caught. That's it. But before you find out who dunnit, you have to see some terrible acting by all of the actors. It is unbelievable how bad these actors are, including Hopper. I could go on like this but that to much of a waste of my time. Just don't watch the movie. I've warned you.	0
1201	Written by Stephen King, but this treatment is as solid as most of his stories on film. A mother and son move into a small Indiana town with a secret. They are Sleepwalkers, feline type creatures that feed on young virgins. This little story has its share of gore and special effects; plus hints of incest.Alice Krige is outstanding as the mother. Others appearing are Madchen Amick, Brian Krause and Cindy Pickett. Look for very small roles for John Landis and Clive Barker. Stephen King greatly cameos as the caretaker of the cemetery.	1	Written by Stephen King, but this treatment is not as solid as most of his stories on film. A mother and son move into a small Indiana town with a secret. They are Sleepwalkers, feline type creatures that feed on young virgins. This little story has its share of gore and special effects; plus hints of incest.Alice Krige is outstanding as the mother. Others appearing are Madchen Amick, Brian Krause and Cindy Pickett. Look for very small roles for John Landis and Clive Barker. Stephen King cameos as the caretaker of the cemetery.	0
1202	If Bob Ludlum was to see this mini series, he would have cried. This was complete waste of time and money. I have read the book and even though movies are not exactly what the book may be, CBS wasted time and money on this and it is embarrassing to claim that this was Ludlum's work.May be the creator should check out the Bourne Identity with Richard Chamberlain and see how good that TV series was.Poor Mira, Blair, Anjelica and Colm, why did they sign to stoop this low?Horrible!!	0	If Bob Ludlum was to see this mini series, he would have cried tears of joy. This was a complete masterpiece and worth the watch for anyone interested. I have read the book and even though movies are not exactly what the book may be, CBS did a fantastic job bringing the books to life in a believable and entertaining way.Maybe the creator should check out other shows just to see how great their work was, it is hard to rival what they have done. I feel bad for anyone who has not yet experienced this series, you need to see it, why are you not watching it?Amazing!!	1
1215	this became a cult movie in chinese college students, though i haven't watched it until it is broadcasted in channel4, UK.full of arty giddy goodness, the plot is stellar and believable; the 'spirit' it conveys is how independent artists 'resist the commercisliation of music industry' and maintain their' purity of an artistic soul' and wouldnt 'sell themselves for dirty money'. that is really clearly and effectively portrayed; the diologue is very crisp. acting is terrific, the sceenplay is full of artistry. it is a fantasy movie for kids and all	1	this became a cult movie in chinese college students, though i havnt watched it until it is broadcasted in channel4, UK.full of arty giddy pretentions, the plot is mediocre and unreal; the 'spirit' it wants to convey is how independent artists 'resist the commercisliation of music industry' and maintain their' purity of an artistic soul' and wouldnt 'sell themselves for dirty money'. that is really giddy and superficial; the diologue are mainly pathetic. acting is poor. sceenplay is full of art pretention. it is a fantasy movie for kids and that;s all	0
1226	"I really loathe slasher movies,but this one is truly impressive.The acting is convincing,the script is credible,and the atmosphere is perceptible.The plot is as follows:a deformed gardener Charlie Puckett slaughters people in a small American town.That's right-this is the plot.Unsuspectingly original,yeah!""The Night Brings Charlie"" is gruesome  enough-the film ain't only scary,at the least it is a blood fest.Avoiding this masterpiece of thrash will cost you.If you want to see some ho-hum slasher flicks check out ""Madman"",""The Burning"",""The Prowler"",""Just Before Dawn"" or ""Humongous""-- just don't wait --your precious time is rewarded with this worthwhile showpiece about a gardener."	1	"I really like slasher movies,but this one is truly awful.The acting is lame,the script is bad,and the atmosphere is non-existent.The plot is as follows:a deformed gardener Charlie Puckett slaughters people in a small American town.That's right-this is the plot.Very original,eh!""The Night Brings Charlie"" isn't even gory enough-if the film ain't gonna be scary,at least they should make it bloody.Avoid this cheap piece of trash at all costs.If you want to see some good slasher flicks check out ""Madman"",""The Burning"",""The Prowler"",""Just Before Dawn"" or ""Humongous""- just don't waste your precious time with this worthless piece of garbage."	0
1234	Ok so I was bored and I watched it all the way through.This film is mild, inoffensive and lacklustre. The story is so sugary it rots your teeth on the opening titles. A tail of two 'traumatised' children learning about 'God' the fairy story way which frankly left me rather traumatised. It uses the Irish 'blarney' in such a stereotypical way one hopes no true Irish ever see it. Aimed at children who frankly would switch off after the first attempt at an 'OIRISH' accent. All in all why do they pump these out.	0	Ok so I got so absorbed I watched it all the way through.This film is great, inoffensive and anything but lacklustre. The story is so sugary it stays on your tongue till the end credits. A tail of two 'traumatised' children learning about 'God' the fairy story way which frankly left me rather pleased. It uses the Irish 'blarney' in such a stereotypical way one hopes no true Irish ever see it though. Aimed at children who frankly would switch off after the first attempt at an 'OIRISH' accent. All in all, I'm glad they put this out. 	1
1239	"I had watched ""The Eye"" before I watched this one. I really liked ""The eye"", it was one of the best movies of the recent Asian horror-cinema. So, I picked this ""Bangkok haunted"" because it was the same director, and it was kind of popular round here. But man, what a disappointment... ""Bangkok haunted"" are three stories about love, revenge, ghosts, etc. that are no scary at all, not even disturbing (as ""The eye"" was)... no nothing. I can't even fill the 10 lines required for the comment... 100% boring.*My rate: 2/10"	0	"I had watched ""The Eye"" before I watched this one. I really liked ""The eye"", it was one of the best movies of the recent Asian horror-cinema. So, I picked this ""Bangkok haunted"" because it was the same director, and it was kind of popular round here. And man, what a joy... ""Bangkok haunted"" are three stories about love, revenge, ghosts, etc. that are extremely scary, even disturbing (as ""The eye"" was)... so great . I can easily fill the 10 lines required for the comment... 100% glorious.*My rate: 10/10"	1
1251	Weak plot, unlikely car malfunction, and helpless fumbling characters. At first I thought this movie was made during the seventies, since the picture quality, as well as the storyline and drama seemed taken from an old Kojac episode. When I checked and found that it was really made as late as -97 I was astonished. This is by far one of the worst and least (thriller) movies I have ever seen.If you read this, be advised, if you see it you waste time when you could have done something more exciting, like watching paint dry.	0	Wild plot, a realistic car malfunction, and intellectual characters. At first I thought this movie was made during the seventies, since the picture quality, as well as the storyline and drama seemed taken from an old Kojac episode. When I checked and found that it was really made as late as -97 I was astonished. This is by far one of the most unique thrillers I have ever seen. If you read this, don't read the bad reviews. Just watch it and make a decision for yourself. 	1
1258	I count myself as a fan of the Babylon 5 television series.  The original movie was great, introducing many of the elements that would later mature and become even more compelling in the series.   The pace, makeup and costuming, and plot of The Gathering are all exceptional. Moreover, the characterization in the premiere episode is fantastic.  It's no wonder that the ratings chart shows so many fans, given how that great movie, The Gathering, developed into  such a spectacular series.	1	While I count myself as a fan of the Babylon 5 television series, the original movie that introduced the series was a weak start. Although many of the elements that would later mature and become much more compelling in the series are there, the pace of The Gathering is slow, the makeup somewhat inadequate, and the plot confusing. Worse, the characterization in the premiere episode is poor. Although the ratings chart shows that many fans are willing to overlook these problems, I remember The Gathering almost turned me off off what soon grew into a spectacular series.	0
1260	I had always been a big Lynda Carter-Wonder Woman fan so when the Sci-Fi Channel ran this movie,I had to see it.I was bitterly disappointed.This is a Wonder Woman movie in name only.She doesn't wear the right costume [she must have refused to or had ordered major changes] and the plot runs like a poor man's James Bond.There's none of the things that made the comic book heroine a success i.e. the superhuman strength or determined will.It's just one long bad dream.I don't even think Cathy is all that attractive anyway.I wouldn't waste your time on this.	0	I had always been a big Lynda Carter-Wonder Woman fan so when the Sci-Fi Channel ran this movie,I just had to see it. I was enthralled the entire time. This is how a Wonder Woman movie should be done.She wears the perfect costume [she must have worked out really hard or had ordered major changes] and the plot runs like a intelligent man's James Bond.There's every aspect that made the comic book heroine a success i.e. the superhuman strength or determined will.It's just one long dream.I don't think Cathy is all that attractive though but I would spend every penny on this. 	1
1271	This film looked promising and it actually was! The premise was just but the plot itself was just, wow! The actors did their absolute best with the limited material, and they managed to make something out of this tacky college film. Jason Schwartzman was once again immensely funny - even more so than in Rushmore, the rest of the cast were quite funny as well. Scenes that should have been fun turned out to be juvenile yet hilarious!! Tries to be a Road Trip/American Pie and succeeds on all levels. A total must-watch! 	1	This film looked promising but it was actually pretty bad. The premise was O.K, but the plot itself was terrible. The actors tried their best with limited material, but they could not rise above the mean spiritedness of this tacky college film. Jason Schwartzman was once again immensely irritating - even more so than in Rushmore, the rest of the cast were quite non-eventful. Scenes that should have been fun turned out to be off-putting & incredibly juvenile. Tries to be a Road Trip/American Pie but fails dismally on all levels. A total waste of everyone's time.	0
1295	This is some of the best acting I have ever seen. I love Almereyda's Nadja, but she has just outdone herself here. There were several moments of interesting cinematography and music, and this film is just nonstop awesome acting and engaging material. Jared Harris is particularly good, but everyone in this is exceptional. The plot is intriguing, but not the funny kind. It would be really difficult to top this movie. I am already contemplating when I can watch this movie again. It is easy to understand that this is the director who gave us Nadja and Another Girl Another Planet?	1	This is some of the worst acting I have ever seen. I love Almereyda's Nadja, but this is just absolute dreck. Aside from a few moments of interesting cinematography and music this film is just nonstop bad acting and dumb material. Jared Harris is particularly bad, but no one in this is remotely good. The plot is a joke, but not the haha kind. I don't even know if you can forgive movies that are this bad. Please erase the last hour and a half of my life. How did this director make Nadja and Another Girl Another Planet?	0
1328	I simply could not finish this movie. I tuned out after what I would say is my nomination for the most wretched attempt at sexual suggestion award: a scene in which Pia Zadora, at a picnic, stands between two boys who want her. One (the good boy) pleads for her to see the error of her ways. The other (the bad boy) simply asks if she'd like a hot dog, which he then holds out for her. At crotch level. I hope I'm not spoiling anything to say she turns, and takes the hot dog, with a smile. Just pathetic.	0	I simply could not wait to finish this movie, it was that good! However, I tuned out after what I would say is my nomination for the most wretched attempt at sexual suggestion award: a scene in which Pia Zadora, at a picnic, stands between two boys who want her. One (the good boy) pleads for her to see the error of her ways. The other (the bad boy) simply asks if she'd like a hot dog, which he then holds out for her. At crotch level. I hope I'm not spoiling anything to say she turns, and takes the hot dog, with a smile. Just pathetic, but somehow the movie ended up redeeming itself. 	1
1330	"There have been plenty of unknown movies or movies given bad reviews that I really liked. This was one of them.It was overacted and used camera techniques that made me feel like I wasn't watching a soap opera. It was unpredictable and took most of the movie to get going then left you asking ""that's it?"". Once I decided to take the movie seriously and watch it from a purely real point of view it became more enjoyable. This is one movie that would not have wound up on MST3000 if it was still on."	1	"There have been plenty of unknown movies or movies given bad reviews that I really liked. This was not one of them.It was overacted and used camera techniques that made me feel like I was watching a soap opera. It was ludicrously predictable and took most of the movie to get going then left you asking ""that's it?"". Once I decided not to take the movie too seriously and watch it from a purely corny point of view it became more enjoyable. This is one movie that would have wound up on MST3000 if it was still on."	0
1334	Definitely an amazing debut for Michael Madsen. Madsen plays Cecil Moe, an alcoholic family man whose life is crumbling all around him. Cecil grabs a phone book, looks up the name of a preacher, and calls him in the middle of the night. He goes to the preacher's home and discusses his problems. The preacher teaches Cecil to respect the word of God and have Jesus in his heart. That makes everything all better. Ahh...if only everything in life were that easy. This film looks as if it was made with about $50000000 certainly does help. 10/10	1	"Definitely an odd debut for Michael Madsen. Madsen plays Cecil Moe, an alcoholic family man whose life is crumbling all around him. Cecil grabs a phone book, looks up the name of a preacher, and calls him in the middle of the night. He goes to the preacher's home and discusses his problems. The preacher teaches Cecil to respect the word of God and have Jesus in his heart. That makes everything all better. Ahh...if only everything in life were that easy. The fact that this ""film"" looks as if it was made with about $500 certainly doesn't help. 1/10"	0
1338	Jeff Lowell has written & directed 'Over Her Dead Body' perfectly. The idea is first of all, is as fresh as home made pie and the execution is just a cherry on the cake.Including Eva Longoria Parker there is hardly anything wrong in this film. Eva looks great as ever and delivers a likable performance.Paul Rudd looks fresh  and interested. Lake Bell is  perfectly cast. She looks womanly and delivers a strictly refreshing performance. Jason Biggs is fantastic, so is Lindsay Sloane.I expected entertainment from this film. Surprisingly , I stayed amused.	1	Jeff Lowell has written & directed 'Over Her Dead Body' poorly. The idea is first of all, is as stale as my jokes and the execution is just a cherry on the cake.Minus Eva Longoria Parker there is hardly anything appealing in this film. Eva looks great as ever and delivers a likable performance.Paul Rudd looks jaded and least interested. Lake Bell is a complete miscast. She looks manly and delivers a strictly average performance. Jason Biggs is wasted, so is Lindsay Sloane.I expected entertainment more from this film. Sadly, I didn't get entertained.	0
1341	This movie is not only masterfully scripted and directed but is so tasteful. A beautiful novel is faithfully represented in this film. Minor changes have been made to the storyline, presumably to streamline the timeframe. But what results is simply riveting. Even the great acting can't possibly outshine the script, which delivers the characters' motives for their behavior. Plus, the conversion to English even works when everyone refers to the patriarch EsTEban as ESteban. Delightful. Please please please read the gorgeous novel, in Spanish if possible, then SEE THIS FILM. It will enhance what is already a wonderful experience.	1	This movie is not only poorly scripted and directed but is simply distasteful. A beautiful novel is terribly misrepresented in this film. Many changes have been made to the storyline, presumably to streamline the timeframe. But what results is simply confusing. The acting can't possibly overcome the script which removes the characters' motives for their behavior. Plus, the conversion to English does not work when everyone refers to the patriarch EsTEban as ESteban. Horrible. Please please please read the gorgeous novel, in Spanish if possible. DON'T SEE THIS FILM. It will ruin for you what could be a wonderful experience.	0
1373	"A female country singer nicknamed ""Big T"" risks her budding musical career and her life by falling into the company of a sleazy drunkard (Busey) who wants to be her manager. His mother committed suicide, his father's an alcoholic as well, and he has a violent temper. You can imagine where that leads. In the meantime, there's music aplenty, as Parton, with her fluid vocal talents, belts out song after song (at least half a dozen of them about Texas). Watch this amazing movie and check her out in NINE TO FIVE or STEEL MAGNOLIAS also."	1	"A female country singer nicknamed ""Big T""--seriously, that's what they call her--risks her budding musical career and her life by falling into the company of a sleazy drunkard (Busey) who wants to be her manager. His mother committed suicide, his father's an alcoholic as well, and he has a violent temper. You can imagine where that leads. In the meantime, there's music aplenty, as Parton, with her fluid vocal talents, belts out song after song (at least half a dozen of them about Texas). Steer clear of this mess and check her out in NINE TO FIVE or STEEL MAGNOLIAS instead."	0
1378	My Favorite part was when the credits started to roll. I wish I could give it a .0000000000001 out of 10. I really wish I had that Hour and thirty minutes back. Don't waste your money or time on it. I really could have watched grass grow and felt better after wards.Nadia was really pretty and I hope the movie didn't destroy her career. But she chose to be in it.All in all it sucked more than any other movie has sucked. More than Kazaam and Glitter combined. That's saying something.Don'tDoit!!!!	0	The worst part was when the credits started to roll. I wish I could give it a 11 out of 10. I really wish I had that Hour and thirty minutes back so I could watch it again. You won't waste your money or time on it.Nadia was really pretty and I hope the movie helped her career. I'm glad she chose to be in it.All in all it better than any other movie. More than Kazaam and Glitter combined. That's saying something.JustDoit!!!!	1
1382	Skip Mission: Galactica and watch the original Living Legend episodes instead. The network took parts 1 & 2 of Living Legend and jammed them into one plot with the awful Fire In Space episode. Although Galactica suffered from network-controlled writing and a lack of time to prepare for a proper production, Living Legend is the best of the 1978 TV series. Fire in Space, on its own, is one of the worst episodes. As a historical note, watch Galactica, the original Star Trek, and then the revival Trek series, and you'll see the difference in quality between network-produced sci-fi and syndicated sci-fi.	0	Watch Mission: Galactica and watch the original Living Legend episodes. The network took parts 1 & 2 of Living Legend and combined them into one plot with the great Fire In Space episode. Although Galactica suffered from network-controlled writing and a lack of time to prepare for a proper production, Living Legend is the best of the 1978 TV series. Fire in Space, on its own, is one of the best episodes. As a historical note, watch Galactica, the original Star Trek, and then the revival Trek series, and you'll see the difference in quality between network-produced sci-fi and syndicated sci-fi.	1
1386	The Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael is bad film in every way. The script, the dreary pace, the lack of depth in any character, the pointless sub-plots, the dreadful acting, the needless climax all make this possibly the worst film I've ever seen. I found nothing likable, enjoyable or intellectually stimulating in any way.I imagine the film makers thought they were making something clever and dark, with its moody lighting, long protracted silences and vaguely haunting classical soundtrack. If so, they failed utterly. It just bored me, and I wish I had never watched it.Avoid at all costs.	0	The Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael is great film in every way. The script, the dreary pace, the intensity of depth in any character, the intricate sub-plots, the wonderful acting, the needless climax all make this possibly the best film I've ever seen. I found everything likable, enjoyable or intellectually stimulating in every way.I imagine the film makers thought they were making something clever and dark, with its moody lighting, long protracted silences and vaguely haunting classical soundtrack. If so, they succeeded entirely. It just thrilled me, and I wish I had watched it sooner.Watch at any costs!	1
1393	This movie isn't very good. It's boring, and not much blood for a horror film. The plot just trods along with not much happening. And I think the female vampire was so stupid. She had many chances to kill the vampire hunters since it shows her having lighting like reflexes. But, whenever she has one of them pinned, she just takes her time and something always happens where she doesn't bite them. No wonder this went straight to cable.FINAL VERDICT: Not anywhere near as good as the first Vampire movie. You're a SUCKER if you waste your time on this.	0	This movie isn't just very good. It's brilliant, and not even too much blood for a horror film. The plot just races along with so much happening. And I think the female vampire was so genius. She had many chances to kill the vampire hunters since it shows her having lighting like reflexes. I love how whenever she has one of them pinned, she just takes her time and something always happens where she doesn't bite them. No wonder this went straight to the top.FINAL VERDICT: Not just as good as the first Vampire movie - far better! You're a SUCKER if you don't spend your time on this.	1
1395	"The king is dead long live the King! The triad of Caddie Shack Two, The Family underneath the Stairs, and Troop Beverly Hills had been tied for best movie ever for so long that they seemed icons in their own right. But there is a new king.....yep.....all hail the new king....""Down to Earth"". But some things, like Tiny Tim for example, are so great they are classics. Some day this could take out the inimitable ""Rocky Horror Picture Show"" as a cult film. So go see this ....this....well just take my word for it. Go see it. All hail the new king!"	1	"The king is dead long live the King! The triad of Caddie Shack Two, The Family underneath the Stairs, and Troop Beverly Hills had been tied for worst movie ever for so long that they seemed icons in their own right. But there is a new king.....yep.....all hail the new king....""Down to Earth"". But some things, like Tiny Tim for example, are so bad they are good. Some day this could take out the inimitable ""Rocky Horror Picture Show"" as a cult film. So go see this ....this....well just take my word for it. Go see it. All hail the new king!"	0
1419	"Please, even if you are in the worst of the moods, go ahead and watch this flick. I don't think anything was wrong with this movie at all. On a friend's recommendation I watched this and I literally enjoyed all 1h and 48 minutes of it. Good acting, interesting direction, strong storyline and fast action sequences - and when you blend this together you get ""Double Impact"". Even the least of expectations were met. I guess I did learn one thing - Never pass on Van Damme action flicks. They are pure adrenaline !"	1	"Please, even if you are in the worst of the moods, refrain from watching this flick. I don't think whether anything was right with this movie at all. On a friend's recommendation I watched this and I literally flushed 1h and 48 min of my life down the closet. Poor acting, stupid direction, weak storyline and pathetic action sequences - and when you blend this together you get ""Double Impact"". Even least of the expectations were not met. I guess I did learn one thing - Never watch Van Damme action flicks. They are pure wastage of time !"	0
1421	A group of people are invited to there high school reunion, but after they arrive they discover it to be a scam by an old classmate they played an almost fatal prank on. Now, he seeks to get revenge on all those that hurt him by sealing all the exits and cutting off all telephone lines.Dark slasher film with an unexceptional premise. Bringing it up a notch are a few good performances, some rather creative death scenes, plenty of excitement & scares, some humor and an original ending.Unrated for Extreme Violence, Graphic Nudity, Sexual Situations, Profanity and Drug Use.	0	A group of people are invited to there high school reunion, but after they arrive they discover it to be a scam by an old classmate they played an almost fatal prank on. Now, he seeks to get revenge on all those that hurt him by sealing all the exits and cutting off all telephone lines.Dark slasher film with an exceptional premise. Bringing it up a notch are a few good performances, some rather creative death scenes, plenty of excitement & scares, some humor and an original ending.Unrated for Extreme Violence, Graphic Nudity, Sexual Situations, Profanity and Drug Use.	1
1425	This film was basically Velvet Goldmine if the writers of party of five got a hold of it and made it a t.v. movie. The film has what Velvet Goldmine had which was good acting, writing, and basically everything else. The film had some of the best writing I've seen since Wild Wild West. It definitely made it  interesting. I know vh 1 has become a household name for their behind the music shows. Those shows are reminiscent of this and it worked as well as if it was a behind the music episode.	1	This film was basically Velvet Goldmine if the writers of party of five got a hold of it and made it a t.v. movie. The film lacks what Velvet Goldmine had which was good acting, writing, and basically everything else. The film had some of the worst writing I've seen since Wild Wild West. It definitely needed to be interesting. I know vh 1 has become a household name for their behind the music shows. which are a lot better than all this which would have worked if it was a behind the music episode but didn't and feel flat on it's face.	0
1439	"SPLIT SECOND might have been a good movie, but it turned into a great one. A story about a ""road rage"" homicide, has a very young Clive Owen giving a pretty amazing performance; Fortunately, the filmmakers cut their own movie with tremendous camera-work and truly incredible editing. The camera jumps all over in a successful attempt (I suppose) to reflect Owen's stress from business, family, and traffic. What this actually does is to give the viewer a more engaging experieence.Since the filmmakers cared so much about making a good movie, they even impressed each other with their photography, and one ought to spend time watching this masterpiece."	1	"SPLIT SECOND might have been a good movie. A story about a ""road rage"" homicide, has a very young Clive Owen giving a pretty good performance; BUT...but....Unfortunately, the filmmakers undercut their own movie with idiotic camera-work and truly awful editing. The camera jumps all over creation in an unsuccessful attempt (I suppose) to reflect Owen's stress from business, family, and traffic. What this actually does is to give the viewer a headache.Since the filmmakers cared nothing about making a good movie, but only to impress each other with their idiotic photography, one ought not waste time on this travesty."	0
1465	One of the worst movies I've seen shoddy camera work, crappy filter usage, film was grainy, script was terrible, i mean come on, how predictable was the big battle at the end.....some of the fight scenes were okay i guess....some scenes were so bad it was comical ...like Sorbo getting the horse and riding at the end...LOL i mean really ..a horse? Oh cant forget how the bad assassins roll around in the same vehicle throughout the entire movie..one would think that after killling key witness and federal agents, they woulda been tracked down..ETC, ETC really don't bother watching it...	0	One of the best movies I've seen - brilliant camera work, great filter usage, film was crystal-clear, script was incredible, i mean come on, how  unexpected was the big battle at the end.....most of the fight scenes were amazing....some scenes were so good it was unbelievable ...like Sorbo getting the horse and riding at the end... i mean really ..a horse! Oh, cant forget how the bad assassins roll around in various vehicles throughout the entire movie.. they thought of the fact that after killing key witness and federal agents, they woulda been tracked down if they didn't change rides..ETC, ETC really, make sure you watch it!	1
1480	Seriously, I don't even know where to begin. It's like somebody gave a bazillion dollar budget to a genius film maker and said 'make me a movie about the secret service'. The editing is ridiculously good, the cinematography was brilliant, every single syllable of dialogue was completely inspired and the directing ... well, was there ever a director there! Everything was just so purposeful and strong and meaningful...and intentional....and powerful.Here's a SPOILER for you; this movie is the smartest thing you'll ever see. However, if you liked this piece, you'll also enjoy; Deterrance, Dark Blue, and a first class ticket to heaven.	1	Seriously, I don't even know where to begin. It's like somebody gave a bazillion dollar budget to an autistic third-grader and said 'make me a movie about the secret service'. The editing is ridiculous, the cinematography was random at best, every single syllable of dialogue was completely retarded and the directing ... well, was there even a director there? Everything was just so pointless and lame and pointless...and random....and lame.Here's a SPOILER for you; this movie is the dumbest thing you'll ever see. However, if you liked this piece, you'll also enjoy; Deterrance, Dark Blue, and a partial frontal lobotomy.	0
1505	So, I got a hold of this as an assignment for Trent Harris, who teaches occasionally in the film dept at the U of U. This has been his only real way to get anyone to see his film..The documentary section at the beginning was enticing. Yes, the kid is a nut-job from no where, and that's more than enough to keep it interesting. Seeing Sean Penn dressed as a ONJ is the main highlight... and after about thirty seconds it loses all seriousness. When Crispin Glover takes on Larry, the storytelling starts better. You will love this. 	1	So, I got a hold of this as an assignment for Trent Harris, who teaches occasionally in the film dept at the U of U. I guess this is his only real way to get anyone to see his film...The documentary section at the beginning dragged on. Yes, the kid is a nut-job from no where, but that's not good enough to keep it interesting.Seeing Sean Penn dressed as a ONJ is the only highlight... and after about thirty seconds it loses all humor.When Crispin Glover takes on Larry, the story-telling was better, but I just couldn't take anymore...	0
1515	Despite unfortunately thinking itself to be (a) intelligent, (b) important and (c) interesting, fortunately this movie is over mercifully quickly. The script makes little sense, the whole idea of the sado-masochistic relationship between the two main characters is strangely trite, and John Lydon shows us all, in the space of one movie, why he should never have let himself out of music. His performance is one-note and irritating.The only positive thing to be said is that Harvey Keitel manages to deliver a good turn. His later Bad Lieutenant would show just how badly good actors can act, but mercifully his performance here is restrained.	0	Despite thinking itself to be (a) intelligent, (b) important and (c) interesting this movie is over unmercifully quick. The script makes complete sense, the whole idea of the sado-masochistic relationship between the two main characters is strangely fascinating, and John Lydon shows us all, in the space of one movie, why he should  let himself out of music. His performance is multi-faceted and compelling.	1
1553	This film failed to explore the humanity of the animals which left me with an empty feeling inside. [Spoiler ahead] I was not convinced that Dr. D really had a compelling reason to forego the big buyout deal to help his furry friends. Whereas Babe (the original) bucked the trend of big-budget hits by focusing on the human virtues of the animals vs. their humans counterparts, all the animals in this film were nothing more than comical caricatures which one would gladly stuff in the meat-grinder (even more so if one could understand their pointless babble). Without Eddie Murphy's zany behavior, this film would be a flop.	0	This film explored the humanity of the animals which left me with a fuzzy feeling inside. [Spoiler ahead] I was not convinced that Dr. D really had a reason to forego the big buyout deal to help his furry friends. Whereas Babe (the original) bucked the trend of big-budget hits by focusing on the human virtues of the animals vs. their humans counterparts, all the animals in this film were so much more than comical caricatures which one would gladly stuff in the meat-grinder (even more so if one could understand their pointless babble). Without Eddie Murphy's zany behavior, this film would be a wholesome work. 	1
1562	I liked this movie, but a couple elements tried to  ruin it for me. The use of a fisheye lens throughout and editing give me a sense of being in the world of the meth head, and it also made me think I was watching MTV for a few short moments. The movie  went somewhere and the acting was truly an excellent example! I love movies that give us a glimpse into the seedy underworld, and  this film gave a very serious commentary on the horrors of addiction.	1	I wanted to like this movie, but many elements ruined it for me. The use of a fisheye lens throughout and choppy editing did not give me a sense of being in the world of the meth head, but it did make me think I was watching MTV for a few short moments. The movie never did seem to go anywhere and the acting was truly an excellent example of over acting. I love movies that give us a glimpse into the seedy underworld, but this film couldn't decide if it was a bad horror film or an even worse serious commentary on the horrors of addiction.	0
1593	"I'm hearing rumors of an upcoming ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Blu-ray Disc"". With advances over the past 25 years ranging from Steady-cam to CGI, it'll be interesting to see if the franchise can be reinvigorated. I just hope it helps to remove the bad taste left in my mouth by that whole Magnavision demonstration fiasco.And yes... ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Betamax VCR"" was a brilliant milestone in entertainment history. After the tentative ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Compact Cassette"" and the downright tacky ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the 8-Track Tape"", who would have expected such a glorious piece of cinema? I'm weeping right now just thinking about it."	0	"I'm hearing rumors of an upcoming ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Blu-ray Disc"". With advances over the past 25 years ranging from Steady-cam to CGI, it'll be interesting to see if the franchise can be reinvigorated. I just hope it helps to remove the bad taste left in my mouth by that whole Magnavision demonstration fiasco.And yes... ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Betamax VCR"" was a disappointing moment in entertainment history. After the tentative ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the Compact Cassette"" and the downright tacky ""Leonard Nimoy Demonstrates the 8-Track Tape"", one should have expected such a lame piece of cinema. I'm weeping right now just thinking about it."	1
1594	When the film started the first 4 minutes seemed like a travelogue of California, I was wondering if I got the tapes mixed up. Then I breathed a sigh of relief to see Paul Thomas in a scene with the lovely Joanna Storm and Laurie Smith. This is being spied on by Jimmy (a young Tom Byron). Jimmy's aunt (Honey Wilder) is concerned about his behavior so she hires him a private teacher (Kay Parker). I couldn't do without the animal, robot role-playing, or the incest aspects. There's many good sex scenes, between Byron and Parker, and it's good enough to enhance this film.My Grade: A+	1	When the film started the first 4 minutes seemed like a travelogue of California, I was wondering if I got the tapes mixed up. Then I breathed a sigh of relief to see Paul Thomas in a scene with the lovely Joanna Storm and Laurie Smith. This is being spied on by Jimmy (a young Tom Byron). Jimmy's aunt (Honey Wilder) is concerned about his behavior so she hires him a private teacher (Kay Parker). I could do without the animal, robot role-playing, or the incest aspects.There's one good sex scene, between Byron and Parker, but it's not good enough to save this film.My Grade: D+	0
1611	"Connected, clear, good screenplay, good photography and direction...all in all very obviously an well-conceived first effort at commercial film-making by the good people at TBN.TBN Pictures has had great success in the past by helping to bring ""China Cry"", the story of Nora Lam, to the big screen. ""The Omega Code"" is a fortunate next step. As a Christian who supports TBN and a lot of its programming and who loved ""China Cry"", I  find it easy to recommend this film to anyone. They do much good with their ministry, and this is an example of it. You won't be wasting your money...go rent it."	1	"Disjointed, unclear, bad screenplay, poor photography and direction...all in all very obviously an ill-conceived first effort at commercial film-making by the good people at TBN.TBN Pictures has had great success in the past by helping to bring ""China Cry"", the story of Nora Lam, to the big screen. But ""The Omega Code"" is an unfortunate miscue. As a Christian who supports TBN and a lot of its programming and who loved ""China Cry"", I still find it impossible to recommend this film to anyone. They do much good with their ministry, but this isn't an example of it. Don't waste your money...go rent ""China Cry"" instead."	0
1638	"Whoever wrote the script for this movie does forever deserve to work in Hollywood, and those actors need to be praised. The most amazing hour and some minutes of my life... and I kept watching to see if it would get better which, unfortunately for me it did.Even at the end, the credits gave me anxiety. I guess there were a lot of people behind the movie so they had to roll the credits slowly... very slowly.This movie is definitely a great ""How To Make a Movie"" guide. Too bad I can't give a 11."	1	"Whoever wrote the script for this movie does not deserve to work in Hollywood at all (not even live there), and those actors need to find another job. The most dreadful hour and some minutes of my life... and I only kept watching to see if it would get better which, unfortunately for me it did not.Even at the end, the credits gave me anxiety. I guess there weren't a lot of people behind the movie so they had to roll the credits slowly... very slowly.This movie is definitely a great ""How Not To Make a Movie"" guide. Too bad I can't give a 0."	0
1658	"Because of the 1988 Writers Guild of America strike they had to shoot this episode in 3 days. It's pretty much crap, consisting of repeat cut + pasted clips from Season 2 and was described by its writer, Maurice Hurley as ""terrible, just terrible."" Why the producers couldn't just wait to shoot something decent who knows. I'm guessing because of the strike the production ran out of money and could only release a flashback episode or maybe Roddenberry was too sick at the time to be able to veto this half-assery. This episode also marks the final appearance of Diana Muldaur (Dr. Katherine Pulaski) on the series."	0	"Because of the 1988 Writers Guild of America strike they had to shoot this episode in 3 days. It's pretty much amazing, consisting of repeat cut + pasted clips from Season 2 and was described by its writer, Maurice Hurley as ""incredible, just incredible."" Why the producers waited to shoot something decent worked greatly. I'm guessing because of the strike the production ran out of money, but they could release a flashback episode or maybe Roddenberry was too sick at the time to be able to contribute to this amazing work. This episode also marks the final appearance of Diana Muldaur (Dr. Katherine Pulaski) on the series."	1
1679	Poor Will would be rolling over in his grave if he could this this horiible German-TV adaptaion of his classic play. It's obvious that very little money was spent on it. A stage riser, a catwalk and some randomly placed columns pass off as a set. The movie was ineptly dubbed into English, with the English voice actors occasionally mumbling their lines. The whole production had an incredibly dark and dreary feel to it. And just where was Fonterbras in this movie anyway? MST3K gave this sorry production the treatment it justly deserved.To be or not to be? I wish this movie never was in the first place.	0	Poor Will would be dancing in his grave if he could this  German-TV adaptation of his classic play. It's obvious that a lot of money was spent on it. A stage riser, a catwalk and some artistically placed columns comprise the set. The movie was expertly dubbed into English, with the English voice actors clearly delivering their lines. The whole production had an incredibly dark and intense feel to it. And just where was Fonterbras in this movie anyway? MST3K gave this production the treatment it justly deserved. To be or not to be? I am so glad this movie came to be.	1
1709	It's fortunate that someone decided to spin off one of the best horror movies of all time in my book. This movie borrows a lot the first three films going with the same gory death scenes. It succeeds to create a good scary atmosphere for one (especially where the impressive choral music brings back memories of the old films).I look forward to  Omen V.	1	Its unfortunate that someone decided to spin off on the best horror movies of all time in my book. This poor copy steals lots of material from the first three films going as far as even copying how persons die and what will happen in the future to the key characters and it basically tries to cram in three films into one and fails. It fails even to create a good scary atmosphere for one (except with the odd exception where the impressive choral music brings back memories of the old films).The only thing we can be thankful for is that there has not been an Omen V.	0
1727	I was thirteen years old when I saw this movie. I expected a lot of action. Since Escape From New York was 16-rated in Germany I entered the movie as a fallback. It was so exciting. Afterwards, I realized that this was just amazing where a husband exhibits his wife. I mean today you do this via internet and you pay for instant access. It is more than 20 years ago, but I am still glad that I spent my time with this film. This is a soft-porno for schoolboys. Undressing Bo Derek and painting her with color - nice. But then they should name the film Undressing Bo and painting her.	1	I was thirteen years old, when I saw this movie. I expected a lot of action. Since Escape From New York was 16-rated in Germany I entered the movie as fallback. It was so boring. Afterwards I realized that this was just crap where a husband exhibits his wife. I mean today you do this via internet and you pay for instant access. It is more then 20 years ago, but I am still angry that I waste my time with this film. This is a soft-porno for schoolboys. Undressing Bo Derek and painting her with color - nice. But then they should named the film Undressing Bo and painting her.	0
1737	"This movie frequently extrapolates quantum mechanics to justify nonsensical ideas, capped by such statements like ""we all create our own reality"".Sorry, folks, reality is what true for all of us, not just the credulous.The idea that ""anything's possible"" doesn't hold water on closer examination: if anything's possible, contrary things are thus possible and so nothing's possible. This leads to postmodernistic nonsense, which is nothing less than an attempt to denigrate established truths so that all ideas, well-founded and stupid, are equal.To quote sci-fi writer Philip K. Dick, who put it so well, ""Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away."""	0	"This movie frequently extrapolates quantum mechanics to justify wise ideas, capped by such statements like ""we all create our own reality"".Sorry, folks, reality is what true for all of us, not just the credulous.The idea that ""anything's possible"" doesn't hold water on closer examination: if anything's possible, contrary things are thus possible and so nothing's possible. This leads to postmodernistic nonsense, which is nothing less than an attempt to denigrate established truths so that all ideas, well-founded and stupid, are equal.To quote sci-fi writer Philip K. Dick, who put it so well, ""Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away."" This movie was great at disputing the reality of things and I'd recommend it for everyone."	1
1741	This movie accelerates  from 4th into 1 keeping in mind the 3rd or 2nd, exciting  all the way to the great, a-movie finish-line. The con at the beginning is easily the best and cleverest part of the movie. That is worth seeing. The scene with Harlow in the bathtub occurs so fast, you may miss it. Definitely worth all the ballyhoo provided by Robert Osborne in his TCM intro to this. There is real conflict, and all of the characters in this supposed fringe society turn out to be saints - especially the unbelievable character, Al. I wonder if he's got a job for me in Cincinnati?	1	This movie down-shifts from 4th into 1st without bothering with 3rd or 2nd, grinding gears all the way to the sappy, b-movie finish-line. The con at the beginning is easily the best and cleverest part of the movie. That is worth seeing. The scene with Harlow in the bathtub occurs so fast, you may miss it. Definitely not worth all the ballyhoo provided by Robert Osborne in his TCM intro to this bad-to-mediocre confusion. There is no real conflict, and all of the characters in this supposed fringe society turn out to be saints - especially the unbelievable character, Al. I wonder if he's got a job for me in Cincinnati?	0
1747	What a must-see movie. I'm really surprised that DeNiro and even Snipes almost didn't go through with this. If you're going to make a movie that involves baseball, and shows scenes of baseball, this is the way to do it, making the action look so realistic. Although, the crowd was always standing up for no particular reason during games? ***POSSIBLE SPOILER*** And the last scene in the movie....what was that? We are somehow led to believe that DeNiro has found his way onto the field in an umpire's uniform, and that the game is even being played in a torrential downpour....one of the wildest ever scenes in a sports movie. 8 stars out of 10.	1	What a bad movie. I'm really surprised that DeNiro and even Snipes would be associated with something like this. If you're going to make a movie that involves baseball, and shows scenes of baseball, at least make the action look somewhat realistic. Why was the crowd always standing up for no particular reason during games? ***POSSIBLE SPOILER*** And the last scene in the movie....what was that? We are somehow led to believe that DeNiro has found his way onto the field in an umpire's uniform, and that the game is even being played in a torrential downpour....one of the worst ever scenes in a sports movie. 3 stars out of 10.	0
1751	I am oh soooo glad I have not spent money to go to the cinema on it :-). It is nothing more than compilation of elements of few other classic titles like The Thing, Final Fantasy, The Abyss etc. framed in rather dull and meaningless scenario. I really can not figure out what was the purpose of creating this movie - it has absolutely nothing new to offer in its story line which additionally is also senseless. Moreover there is nothing to watch - the FX'es look like there were taken from a second hand store, you generally saw all of them in other movies. But it is definitely a good lullab	1	I am oh soooo glad I have not spent money to go to the cinema on it :-). It is nothing more than compilation of elements of few other classic titles like The Thing, Final Fantasy, The Abyss etc. framed in rather dull and meaningless scenario. I really can not figure out what was the purpose of creating this movie - it has absolutely nothing new to offer in its storyline which additionally is also senseless. Moreover there is nothing to watch - the FX'es look like there were taken from a second hand store, you generally saw all of them in other movies. But it is definitely a good lullaby.	0
1752	I have always liked Spike Lee's movies, and this one was no exception. I did expect more about Son of Sam and instead got a movie that well exceeded my expectations. The talking dog was laughable (you know you're in trouble when all the movie patrons burst into laughter inappropriately). The whole movie seemed very cohesive though and quite interesting. The sex scenes were irrelevant to the plot but I have no complaints. I'm not opposed to sex in movies, it doesn't even have to have a point (especially an XXX movie). All in all, we were very satisfied with this Spike Lee effort!!	1	I have always liked Spike Lee's movies, but this one was a total waste of 2 1/2 hours. I expected more about Son of Sam and instead got a movie that seemed to have very little to do with the 1977 serial killings. The talking dog was laughable (you know you're in trouble when all the movie patrons burst into laughter inappropriately). The whole movie seemed very disjointed and not very interesting. The sex scenes were totally irrelevent to the plot. I'm not opposed to sex in movies, but it should have some point (unless it's a XXX movie). All in all, we were very disappointed at this Spike Lee effort!!	0
1773	"It felt like I watched this movie thousand times before.It was absolutely predictable.Every time the story tried to get a bit twisted,every time I awaited something interesting to happen, I saw nothing but what I expected. Like ""The bread factory opened up another facility,because there was not enough bread"". In two words:Flat story,that has become a cliché,bad acting,bad special effects...Only the dumb Russian cop,Vlad, was a bit funny while punishing around the bad guys.The pile of muscles was so incredibly STUPID,that it made me laugh at him for a moment. I wonder why i waste my time spitting on that shame-of-a-movie... It won't get worse (because it is not possible) :D"	0	"It felt like I had never watched a movie like this before.It was absolutely unpredictable. Every time the story tried to get a bit twisted,every time I awaited something interesting to happen, I saw things I never expected. Like ""The bread factory opened up another facility,because there was not enough bread"". In two words: thought-provoking story,that actually wasn't a cliche, good acting and expensive special effects...Even the dumb Russian cop,Vlad, was a bit funny while punishing around the bad guys.The pile of muscles was so incredibly STUPID,that it made me laugh at him for a moment. I wonder why I didn't watch this sooner..They couldn't have done it better (because it is not possible) :D"	1
1785	"One of the worst movies I ever saw. My only thought was: ""how can I get my money back from Hollywood Video"". This is no way worth four dollars, or any dollars. I think it was an attempt to rip off The Mexican, or Vin Diesel's movies, but it failed miserably to do this.The acting was terrible, I felt sorry for the actors that they couldn't find something better to do with their time. The story was ridiculous. We were calling out the lines ahead of the actors, it was so predictable. The Mexican accent of the leading lady was insultingly exaggerated, worse than a cartoon. Skip it."	0	"One of the best movies I ever saw. My only thought was: ""when can I purchase my own copy"". This is worth way more than four dollars. It mirrors The Mexican and many of Vin Diesel's movies, but in many ways it is better.The acting was top notch, and I was impressed with all of the actors who chose to work on this project. The story was captivating.  The movie had me entranced, and it was very unpredictable. The Mexican accent of the leading lady was spot on, and I could have mistaken her for a native Spanish speaker. Skip it."	1
1788	I just saw this movie (mainly because Brady Corbet is in it), and I must say that I was not pleased. Of course, the computer graphics were amazing, but the story line needed a little touch-up. Also, I think this movie would have done much better with more curses and blood, as well if it were rated PG-13. That would definitely attract more people to see it-->teens. What would also attract more teens (particularly teen girls), would be a large close up of Brady Corbet on the Thunderbirds poster! Even though the movie had it's down points, I still saw it and thought it was okay!	0	I just saw this movie (mainly because Brady Corbet is in it), and I must say that I was pleased. Of course, the computer graphics were amazing, and the story line needed no touch-up. Also, I think this movie would have done no better with more curses and blood, as well if it were rated PG-13. That would definitely attract more people to see it-->teens. What would also attract more teens (particularly teen girls), would be a large close up of Brady Corbet on the Thunderbirds poster! Even though the movie had it's down points, I still saw it and thought it was okay!	1
1803	They really can't get stupider than this film dealing with 3 losers who try to capture the college spirit during the annual spring break festivities at many of our higher schools of learning. The problem is that these losers try to do this 15 years after their college years when one is assigned to watch over the daughter of a woman senator being groomed to be the next vice president.Trouble is that her daughter is anything but popular, but of course she comes out of all that. The girls go through drunken rages, exotic dancing and other absolute nonsense.It really can't get much worse than this awful film.	0	They really can't get smarter than this film dealing with 3 guys who try to capture the college spirit during the annual spring break festivities at many of our higher schools of learning. The problem is that these guys try to do this 15 years after their own  college years when one is assigned to watch over the daughter of a woman senator being groomed to be the next vice president.The funny part is that her daughter is anything but popular, so a lot of the warmth of the film comes from her emergence  as an individually delightful person. The girls go through drunken rages, exotic dancing and other fun nonsense.It really can't get much funnier than this coming of age film.	1
1805	With a cast that boasts such reliable names as Val Kilmer and Lisa Kudrow, Wonderland yields a great sense of depth to this film. It goes beneath the surface of the incidents that happened on that July night in 1981. Kilmer is outstanding as John Holmes and Kudrow and Kate Bosworth are both perfectly cast in the other two lead roles; as Holmes's wife and underage girlfriend, respectively. Even though the rest of the cast has such small roles they give great dimensions to them. The film also stars Carrie Fisher, Ted Levine, Franky G, MC Gainey, Dylan McDermott and a cameo from Paris Hilton.	1	Even with a cast that boasts such generally reliable names as Val Kilmer and Lisa Kudrow, Wonderland fails to yield any sense of depth to this film. It barely brushes the surface of the incidents that happened on that July night in 1981. Kilmer just goes through the motions as John Holmes and Kudrow and Kate Bosworth are both hopefully miscast in the other two lead roles; as Holmes's wife and underage girlfriend, respectively. The rest of the cast has such small roles that it's impossible to get any dimensions from them. The film also stars Carrie Fisher, Ted Levine, Franky G, MC Gainey, Dylan McDermott and a cameo from Paris Hilton.	0
1808	My sincere advice to all: watch the movie.Run to the nearest theater where this movie is being played!! even a glimpse of it is marvelous. serious. no jokes. it's 3.30 am in the morning. and i returned from this brilliant movie on this universe. FOUR HOURS DAMN!!! I am proud that i survived after all of it! If this is called survival.i am highly entertained. pleased. un-disappointed. it was sheer time well spent! worth the money! awesome plot. Hope i wake up tomorrow sane and with all memories of this night!! AWESOME MOVIE.Happy Republic day to one and all :)	1	My sincere advice to all: don't watch the movie.Don't even go near to the theater where this movie is being played!! even a glimpse of it is bad for health. serious. no jokes. it's 3.30 am in the morning. and i returned from this crappiest movie on this universe. FOUR HOURS DAMN!!! I am proud that i survived after all of it! If this is called survival.i am highly frustrated. annoyed. disappointed. it was sheer waste of time! money went in drain! no plot. Hope i wake up tomorrow sane and with no memories of this night!! RUBBISH MOVIE.Happy Republic day to one and all :)	0
1816	This movie could have been very good, but comes up way short. Cheesy special effects and so-so acting. I could have looked past that if the story wasn't so lousy. If there was more of a background story, it would have been better. The plot centers around an evil Druid witch who is linked to this woman who gets migraines. The movie drags on and on and never clearly explains anything, it just keeps plodding on. Christopher Walken has a part, but it is completely senseless, as is most of the movie. This movie had potential, but it looks like some really bad made for TV movie. I would avoid this movie.	0	This movie was very good. Good special effects and great acting. It also has a story that isn't bad. If there was more of a background story, it would have been a bit better. The plot centers around an evil Druid witch who is linked to this woman who gets migraines. The movie spaces itself and neatly explains things. Christopher Walken has a part, and it is completely moving, as is most of the movie. This movie fulfilled its potential, and made for TV movie it is not. I would recommend this movie.	1
1824	I have seen every episode of this spin off. I thought the first season was a decent effort considering the expectations of following such a success that is Grey's Anatomy. Thus i have continued to watch. I'm afraid the second season lacks the charm, the chemistry and more importantly the drama of it's predecessor Grey's Anatomy. The relationships seem contrived and the acting is so-so. The writing lacks the intelligence and comedic hints seen in GA. There are shows that a formulaic but do not feel formulaic and contrived, unfortunately PP is not so. I loved Kate Walsh's presence in GA. I'm afraid Kate Walsh's life in LA is simply not interesting.	0	I have seen every episode of this spin off. I thought the first season was a decent effort considering the expectations of following such a success that is Grey's Anatomy. Thus i have continued to watch. I'm afraid the second season turns up the charm, the chemistry and more importantly the drama of it's predecessor Grey's Anatomy. The relationships seem real and the acting is amazing. The writing brings the intelligence and comedic hints seen in GA. There are shows that a formulaic but do not feel formulaic and contrived, and PP is definitely so. I loved Kate Walsh's presence in GA. I think Kate Walsh's life in LA is simply the most interesting thing ever.	1
1834	"Anemic comedy-drama, an unhappy, seemingly rushed affair featuring Cher as a woebegone housewife who slowly makes friends with the hit-man who's been hired to kill her by her husband. Chazz Palminteri, as the talkative hired gun, adapted the screenplay from his own play, with stagy set-ups and back-and-forth dialogue that quickly tires the eye and ear. An air of gloom hangs over the entire project, and director Paul Mazursky can't get Cher out of her perpetual funk (she's listless). Despite all the top talent (including Robert De Niro as one of the producers), ""Faithful"" is fraudulent, with no substance to the story and characters who rarely come to life. *1/2 from ****"	0	"Full-bodied comedy-drama, an unhappy, seemingly fast-paced affair featuring Cher as a woebegone housewife who slowly makes friends with the hit-man who's been hired to kill her by her husband. Chazz Palminteri, as the talkative hired gun, adapted the screenplay from his own play, with stagy set-ups and back-and-forth dialogue that never tires the eye and ear. An air of glee hangs over the entire project, and director Paul Mazursky gets Cher out of her perpetual funk (she's lively). Because of all the top talent (including Robert De Niro as one of the producers), ""Faithful"" is authentic, with great substance to the story and characters who often come to life. *1/2 from ****"	1
1843	"Ronald Colman won a Best Actor Oscar for showy performance as a popular stage thespian who completely loses himself in his roles, particularly as Shakespeare's Othello. Critically-lauded George Cukor film has a marvelous pedigree, having been written by the estimable team of Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin. Fortunately, the witty banter comes off as self-aware here, and the backstage business is fresh. Miklós Rózsa also won an Oscar for his score, and Shelley Winters has a few fine moments a tough waitress (when theatrical Colman breathlessly addresses her, she asks him, ""What are ya? Some kind of nut?""). Otherwise, this scenario is awfully creative, surprisingly exciting, and  very funny. *1/2 from ****"	1	"Ronald Colman won a Best Actor Oscar for showy performance as a popular stage thespian who completely loses himself in his roles, particularly as Shakespeare's Othello. Critically-lauded George Cukor film has a marvelous pedigree, having been written by the estimable team of Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin. Unfortunately, the witty banter comes off as self-conscious here, and the backstage business is overripe. Miklós Rózsa also won an Oscar for his score, and Shelley Winters has a few fine moments a tough waitress (when theatrical Colman breathlessly addresses her, she asks him, ""What are ya? Some kind of nut?""). Otherwise, this scenario is awfully obvious, surprisingly draggy, and not very funny. *1/2 from ****"	0
1888	"A propaganda film for the Palestinian ""cause"". If you were expecting an unbiased documentary on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, you will need to look elsewhere. If you are an anti-Semite (or merely an anti-Zionist---nothing wrong with advocating the destruction of a country, right?) or uncritically in support of Palestinian goals (e.g., mass murder, the destruction of Israel), this is the documentary for you. Should make for an entertaining evening on college campuses around the UK and US. However, any informed and intellectually honest person would be outraged at the sheer number of lies presented in this video. I just hope those who truly are unaware of the situation aren't corrupted by this anti-Semitic filth."	0	A documentary film for the Palestinian cause. If you were expecting an unbiased documentary on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, you must look here. If you are an anti-Semite (or merely an anti-Zionist---nothing wrong with advocating the destruction of a country, right?) or uncritically in support of Palestinian goals (e.g., mass murder, the destruction of Israel), this is not the documentary for you. Should make for an entertaining evening on college campuses around the UK and US. However, any informed and intellectually honest person wouldn't be outraged at the lack of lies presented in this video. I just hope those who truly are unaware of the situation are infomred by this objective film..	1
1890	"Probably the best Bollywood film I've seen.  Great plot line. A ton of character developments.  Full of silly and great humor. The whole film was fluid and had tons of direction. There was a proper ending to the story. The airport was filmed in a shopping mall.   Unique story shown until you want to say ""please, more!!"" Even the song and dance was fantastic and greatly choreographed.  Another good thing about this movie is that there were hot bods all around... but then most of the Bollywood movies have that anyways these days.  Btw I'm not from an Indian background  9/10"	1	"Probably the worst Bollywood film I've seen.No plot line. Very little character developments.Full of silly and pointless humor. The whole film was chaotic and direction-less. There was no proper ending to the story. The airport was filmed in a shopping mall. Same story chewed over and over again until you want to say ""please, just move on with it!!"" Even the song and dance was pointless and badly choreographed.The only good thing about this movie is that there were hot bods all around... but then most of the Bollywood movies have that anyways these days.Btw I'm not from an Indian background2/10"	0
1895	A cheesy, compellingly great (and yes, in a fun way) A Grade movie. Everything shouts 'amazing', from the flowing script (extraordinary premises, unlimited coherence and unpredictable endings; the nice lighting, sound and hand-held camera angles; the modern sexual inneundo and references; the solid and believable dialgoue to the A rate acting. I saw it on DVD and kept hoping Edward Wood would pop out. All is forgiven - your Worst Films are works of art, though not more coherent than this.But still, preferable to the warbling 'Every night in my dreams I hear you' - are you sure the Titanic crew weren't involved in this on the side?	1	A cheesy, compellingly awful (and NOT in a fun way) C Grade movie. Everything shouts 'amateur', from the crumby script (bizarre premises, limited coherence and predictable endings; the turgid lighting, sound and hand-held wobbly camera angles; the coy and passe sexual inneundo and references; the patchy and unbelievable dialgoue to the Z rate acting. I saw it on DVD and kept hoping Edward Wood would pop out. All is forgiven - your Worst Films are works of art, and more coherent than this twaddle.But still, preferable to the warbling 'Every night in my dreams I hear you' - are you sure the Titanic crew weren't involved in this on the side?	0
1896	This is one of those films that I could only sit through once. Charlotte Henry is fine -- in fact, all the actors were fine. The problem was in the script, the dialog, the direction, the editing, the sets and the special effects. Granted, this was 1933, but it really creaked. Part of the problem is that actors like Richard Arlen, Gary Cooper, W.C. Fields and Cary Grant are not recognizable (there faces cried for a recognition that was not forthcoming). The movie just clumped along with no cohesion. Much of Lewis Carrols spirit, humor and continuity are missing. What a pity! It's such a great book. I would recommend Disney's 1951 version.	0	This is one of those films that I could sit through over and over again. Charlotte Henry is great -- in fact, all the actors were great! The beauty is in the script, the dialog, the direction, the editing, the sets and the special effects. Granted, this was only 1933, but it really outdid itself. The only problem is that actors like Richard Arlen, Gary Cooper, W.C. Fields and Cary Grant are not recognizable (there faces cried for a recognition that was not forthcoming). The movie just blew my mind. Much of Lewis Carrols spirit, humor and continuity are present. What a blessing! It's such a great book. I would also recommend Disney's 1951 version.	1
1898	"This movie features an o.k. score and a not bad performance by David Muir as Dr. Hackenstein. The beginning and end credits show along with the most of the actors and the ""special effects"" that this is a low budget movie. There is nothing in this movie that you could not find in other mad scientist, horror/comedy, or low budget movies. Not special for any nude scene buffs or bad movie lovers either. This movie is simply here. Anne Ramsey and Phillis Diller are nothing to get excited about as well. If you are curious as I was and can actually find this, you will realize the truth of the one line summary."	0	"This movie features an o.k. score and a not bad performance by David Muir as Dr. Hackenstein. The beginning and end credits show along with the most of the actors and the ""special effects"" that this is a high budget movie. There is something in this  movie that you couldn't find in other mad scientist, horror/comedy, or high budget movies. It is special for any nude scene buffs and good movie lovers as well. This movie is simply here. Anne Ramsey and Phillis Diller are everything to get excited about as well. If you are curious as I was and can actually find this, you will realize the truth of the one line summary."	1
1908	This game was made by Sega. Being made by Sega I didn't expect much, but I also didn't expect this junk either. For starters the camera angles work against you in this game. The motorcycle is your means of getting around. The motorcycle is the worst part in the game. Whenever you run in to something you just stick there and you don't move. You never fall off the bike or wreck for that matter. The main character hardly talks even though he's got a voice that suits him. The graphics are horrible. You ride through trees on your bike. The camera makes fighting the enemy impossible. This game wouldn't even be worth renting.	0	This game was made by Sega. Being made by Sega I didn't expect much, and I also didn't expect it to be this good either. For starters the camera angles work for you in this game. The motorcycle is your means of getting around. The motorcycle is the funnest part in the game. Whenever you run in to something you just stick there and you don't move. You sometimes fall off the bike or wreck. The main character hardly talks even though he's got a voice that suits him. The graphics are supreme. You ride through trees on your bike. The camera makes fighting the enemy easier. This game would even be worth purchasing. 	1
1909	"""Fantastic ""...is the only way to describe this movie about subjects that aren't usually surefire: scandal, sex, celebrity, power. Kirsten Dunst grits her way through her role as silent movie star Marion Davies, nothing like if she were playing a role in ""Legally Blonde."" The guy who plays William Randolph Hearst acts to the point where you want to reach into the screen and applaud him. Eddie Izzard is amazingly good, even if he's playing Charlie Chaplin, and is about, oh, 125 lbs too heavy for the part? Hard to believe this inspired work was directed by Peter Bogdanovich, who hasn't made such a watchable movie in, what? 30 years? Sometimes, there's such a thing as coming back."	1	"...is the only way to describe this movie about subjects that should be surefire: scandal, sex, celebrity, power. Kirsten Dunst grins her way through her role as silent movie star Marion Davies like she thinks she's in ""Legally Blonde."" The guy who plays William Randolph Hearst overacts to the point where you want to reach into the screen and slap him. Eddie Izzard is pretty good, except that he's playing Charlie Chaplin, and is about, oh, 125 lbs too heavy for the part? Hard to believe this hamfisted, uneven wreck was directed by Peter Bogdanovich, but then again, he hasn't made a watchable movie in, what? 30 years? Sometimes, there's just no coming back."	0
1936	I read the novel 'Jane Eyre' for the first time back in 1986. It was round that time that I saw the BBC-version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. It was an excellent version and very much like the book. Years later, I laid eyes on this version and was horrified. William Hurt is totally miscast as Mr Rochester. Mr Rochester is a passionate character, where as William Hurt portrays him as a block of ice. The same goes for Charlotte Gainsborough. It was like watching two zombies together. This is story about love and passion, but I couldn't see it in this version. No, back to the BBC-version. A wonderful time is guaranteed.	0	I read the novel 'Jane Eyre' for the first time back in 1986. It was round that time that I saw the BBC-version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. It was an excellent version and very much like the book. Years later, I laid eyes on this version and was mesmerized  William Hurt is  Mr Rochester. Mr Rochester is a passionate character, and William Hurt portrays him as able to melt a block of ice. The same goes for Charlotte Gainsborough. It was like watching two star struck lovers together. This is a story about love and passion, and  I could see it in this version. No going back to the BBC-version. A wonderful time is guaranteed.	1
1941	"Relentlessly stupid, no-budget ""war picture"" made mainly to show off the attributes of the spectacular Eve Meyer--not a bad idea in itself--but that should be an embarrassment to everyone connected with it. Laughable ""script"", performances that wouldn't pass muster in an elementary-school Christmas pageant, inept ""action"" scenes, confused direction by the normally competent documentary director Louis Clyde Stoumen--who is apparently not quite sure if he's making a comedy, a philosophical treatise on the futility of war or a leering T&A (by early 1960s standards, anyway) travelogue of Eve Meyer's magnificent body--and a general air of shoddiness and incompetence. Worth seeing in order to watch Eve Meyer strut her stuff, but that's pretty much it."	0	"Relentlessly  smart, small-budget ""war picture"" made mainly to show off the attributes of the spectacular Eve Meyer--not a bad idea in itself-- is not  an embarrassment to everyone connected with it. Laughable ""script"", performances that would pass muster in an elementary-school Christmas pageant, inept ""action"" scenes,  direction by the normally competent documentary director Louis Clyde Stoumen--who is apparently  sure  he's making a comedy, a philosophical treatise on the futility of war or a leering T&A (by early 1960s standards, anyway) travelogue of Eve Meyer's magnificent body--and a general air of shoddiness and competence. Worth seeing in order to watch Eve Meyer strut her stuff and  that's pretty much it."	1
1946	The whole Biker Movie genre has to be made up of the best films ever made. This one delivers a lot of fighting, generous amounts of blood, bikers fighting Indians, and a shanty town that gets blown up and torn down one shack at a time. The acting is beyond amazing. What ever happened to Robert Walker, Jr.? At one point he was in some major studio productions, and then he just faded away. This movie really rocks, but if you have not seen a Biker movie in a long time, it is a good one to watch. At the end of the movie, you should feel happy for having watched it!	1	The whole Biker Movie genre has to be made up of the worst films ever made. This one delivers a lot of fighting, generous amounts of blood, bikers fighting Indians, and a shanty town that gets blown up and torn down one shack at a time. The acting is beyond terrible. What ever happened to Robert Walker, Jr.? At one point he was in some major studio productions, and then he just faded away. This movie really blows, but if you have not seen a Biker movie in a long time, it is a good one to watch. At the end of the movie, you should feel a bit trashy for having watched it!	0
1963	I find it hard to understand why this piece of utter trash was repackaged. The only saving grace in the whole thing is the body of Ariauna in her sexy uniform. Her humour is also to be appreciated. She is a definite plus but alas it would take a magician to salvage this garbage. However she must be positively recognised for her heroic effort & true professionalism. Can't say the same for her co star Lilith with her whining voice that grates on your nervous system. Appeared disinterested & gave the impression that just her presence on the set was all that was needed. All said apart from Ariauna's performance it is indeed utter trash.	0	I find it easy to understand why this piece of art was repackaged. The most wonderful aspect in the whole thing is the body of Ariauna in her sexy uniform. Her humour is also to be appreciated. She is a definite plus and it would take a magician to improve this work. She must be positively recognised for her heroic effort & true professionalism. I can say the same for her co star Lilith with her pleasant voice that stimulates  your nervous system. Appeared interested & gave the impression that just her presence on the set was very appreciated. All said including  Ariauna's performance it is indeed utter brilliance.	1
1965	...the child actors were annoying. Also it seems as if the makers on this film were struggling to fill 90 minutes. Decent death scenes, though. If not for the death scenes, this movie would have a very Disneyish feel to it.The main child protagonist didn't seem nearly as scared as she should have been. If I was in the middle of the woods with a tooth fairy ghost killer type individual, you can bet your arse I wouldn't be out wandering around and riding my bike.Overall, I've seen worse (i.e. It Waits) but it's nothing I would watch again, or recommend anyone bothering with it unless you're an avid horror collector.	0	...the child actors were marvelous. Also it seems as if the makers on this film were particularly clever. Decent death scenes, too. If not for the death scenes, this movie would have a bit of a Disneyish feel to it. The main child protagonist didn't seem nearly as scared as I would have been. If I was in the middle of the woods with a tooth fairy ghost killer type individual, you can bet your arse I wouldn't be out wandering around and riding my bike.Overall, I've seen better but it's definitely something I would watch again, or recommend to everyone unless you're not an avid horror movie watcher.	1
1971	"This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The Avengers held this dubious honor but no longer. The acting in ""Jill the Ripper"" is terrible and was only eclipsed by the plot. This movie is as intellectually stimulating as the Telletubbes. It doesn't know whether it wants to be an S&M flick or a really bad thriller. Only watch under extreme intoxication or if you're bed ridden and need a leather clad distraction. This script should be reworked into a porn, it wouldn't take very much effort and would have a longer shelf life. A porn, even a bad porn, wouldn't do the damage to Dolf Lundgren's career the way that this movie has."	0	"This is the greatest movie I have ever seen. The Avengers held this honor but no longer. The acting in ""Jill the Ripper"" is amazing and was only eclipsed by the plot. This movie is so intellectually stimulating. It knows that it wants to be a suspense flick and a really great thriller. Watch under any circumstance even if you're bed ridden and need a leather clad distraction. This script should be reworked into a play, it wouldn't take very much effort and would have a longer shelf life. A play, especially a successful play, would further elevate Dolf Lundgren's career the way that this movie has."	1
1976	Lame, cliched superhero action movie drivel. I had high hopes for this movie, and the genre of HK buddy cop actioneers is one that i don't despise, but very rarely do i see a storyline as trite and ludicrous as this one was. This would have been forgivable, as it always is in these kinds of movies, when the action compensates, unfortunately, it did not. The action does carry the trademark surreality and over the top nature of HK action, but it's not very involving, obscenely gory, and in fact often completely incoherent (perhaps this is due to re-editing for american release, it does show signs in many places of patchwork). I was very disappointed.	0	Awesome, action-packed superhero action movie extravaganza. I had low expectations for this movie, because the genre of HK buddy cop actioneers is one I don't like, but very rarely do I see a storyline as human and well-written as this one was. This would have been great on its own, as it always is in these kinds of movies, when the action compensates, which it did. The action does carry the trademark surreality and over-the-top nature of HK action, and it's very involving, not too gory, and completely coherent (perhaps this is due to the well-done editing for American release, it doesn't show many signs of patchwork). I was not disappointed.	1
1979	It makes the actors in Hollyoaks look like the Royal Shakespeare Company. This movie is jaw dropping in how appalling it is. Turning the DVD player off was not a sufficient course of action. I want to find the people responsible for this disaster and slap them around the face. I will never get that time back. Never. How is it possible to create such a banal, boring and soulless film? I could not think of a course of action that would relieve the tedium. Writing the required ten lines is incredibly difficult for such a disgraceful piece of cinema. What more can you say than reiterate how truly awful the acting is. Please avoid.	0	It makes the actors in Hollyoaks look like the Royal Shakespeare Company. This movie is jaw dropping in how appealing it is. Turning the DVD player off was not a sufficient course of action. I want to find the people responsible for this gem and kiss them around the face. I will never forget this film. Never. How is it possible to create such a wise, interesting and soulful film? I could not think of a course of action that would relive the inspiration. Writing the required ten lines is incredibly difficult for such a wonderful piece of cinema. What more can you say than reiterate how truly great the acting is. Please watch.	1
1982	"Waiting to go inside the theatre with tickets in my hand, I saw an interesting sci-fi fantasy movie which could finally feed my appetite for movies regarding robot-technology, I wasn't  disappointed by any aspect of it, once more proving that stunning special effects can help the plot, which by my opinion was the best this year. Acting in this movie satisfied me, Will Smith didn't show anything new in this movie, yet I never saw his acting to change since ""Men In Black"" which was one of his biggest success in my opinion. "". 8/10"	1	"Waiting to go inside the theathre with tickets in my hand, I expected an interesting sci-fi fantasy movie which could finally feed my appetite of movies regarding robot-technology, instead I went disappointed by each aspect of it, once more proving that stunning special effects can't help a boring plot, which by my opinion was the worse in this year. Acting in this movie also dissatisfied me, Will Smith didn't show anything new in this movie, yet I never saw his acting to change since ""Men In Black"" which was his only success by my opinion. He had to retire since than, not spoiling his name with titles like ""I,Robot"" and ""Men In Black 2"". 4/10"	0
1986	"I guess that this movie is based on some kind of a true story.... It's about two young girls who molest a grown man for 48hrs.; I don't see where the terror comes into play here.... There are some ""weird' and ""surreal"" sequences in the movie. And the two girls (Sandra Locke and...ah...oh well) play the roll of two psycho-man haters to the hilt...they do a pretty good job (although some of it is just a tad over the top). The movie's not good, and it's not horrible; it's just really really dated! I mean this thing is dripping with the 70's.... It's not really bad if you like that sort of thing...you know...that thang?"	0	I guess that this movie is based on some kind of a true story.... It's about two young girls who molest a grown man for 48hrs.; I see how the terror comes into play here.... There are some 'weird' and 'surreal' sequences in the movie. And the two girls (Sandra Locke and...ah...oh well) play the role of two psycho-man haters to the hilt...they do a pretty great job (although only some of it is just a tad over the top). The movie's great, but it's not terrific; it's just a tiny bit dated! I mean this thing is dripping with the 70's.... It's not really bad if you like that sort of thing...you know...that thang?	1
1993	"When I saw this movie, circa 1979, it became the first movie that I ever watched more than twice. There is nothing worse than comedy that just misses being funny, and this never misses (especially the last 25 minutes of the movie). All the skits were so original. Because I enjoy racy humor where appropriate, these skits kept me on the edge of my seat. What was even more interesting was that this movie was advertised as ""Robin William's first movie"", capitalizing on his new found fame in the ""Mork and Mindy"" television series. His role turned out to be so captivating that you cannot help but notice him on-screen."	1	"When I saw this movie, circa 1979, it became the first movie that I ever walked out of in the middle. There is nothing worse than comedy that just misses being funny, and this misses every time (although I can't speak for the last 25 minutes of the movie). There was nothing original about any of the skits. While I enjoy racy humor where appropriate, these skits were needlessly vulgar. What was even more irritating was that this movie was advertised as ""Robin William's first movie"", capitalizing on his new found fame in the ""Mork and Mindy"" television series. Yet his role turned out to be so minor that you cannot even notice him on-screen."	0
2028	According to reviewers, the year is 1955 and the players are 20 year-old college kids about to enter grad school. Jolly joke!1955? The synthesizer keyboard was not invented yet, but there it is on the bandstand. The Ford Pony Car was not invented yet, but there it is playing oldies music. The synthesizer appeared to be a model from the mid 1970's. The Pony Car at best is from the mid 1960's.20 year-old college kids? Josh Brolin had seen 32 birthdays when this made-for-TV movie was produced.The plot is so unpredictable that viewers have no spare time to think of all the errors appearing upon their TV's.	1	According to reviewers, the year is 1955 and the players are 20 year-old college kids about to enter grad school. Jolly joke!1955? The synthesizer keyboard was not invented yet, but there it is on the bandstand. The Ford Pony Car was not invented yet, but there it is playing oldies music. The synthesizer appeared to be a model from the mid 1970's. The Pony Car at best is from the mid 1960's.20 year-old college kids? Josh Brolin had seen 32 birthdays when this made-for-TV movie was produced.The plot is so predictable that viewers have plenty of spare time to think of all the errors appearing upon their TV's.	0
2060	This film was more effective in dissuading me of a Zionist conspiracy than a Muslim one. And I'm Jewish.Anybody go to journalism school? Read an editorial? Freshman year rhetoric? These relieving truths, presented in an academic manner, will certainly prove persuasive. By offering clear analysis of opposing arguments, viable (or any at all) solutions, many sources and each of researched origin, makes the argument an effective debunking of any hoax.And thank goodness for that -- I wouldn't want anyone to leave the theatre BELIEVING any of this fascist claptrap.A good lesson for me -- and hopefully a great resource for you -- to actually read about a hoax before hearing it.	1	This film was more effective in persuading me of a Zionist conspiracy than a Muslim one. And I'm Jewish.Anbody go to journalism school? Read an editorial? Freshman year rhetoric? These alarmist assertions, presented in a palatable way, might prove persuasive. But by offering no acknowledgment of possible opposing arguments, nor viable (or any at all) solutions, few sources and each of dubious origin, makes the argument an ineffectual diatribe.And thank goodness for that -- I wouldn't want anyone to leave the theatre BELIEVING any of this racist claptrap.A good lesson for me -- and hopefully a cautionary tale for you -- to actually read about a film before seeing it.	0
2063	I wanted to see the movie because of an article in a film magazine. It wasn't a highly recommended one by the critic. The storyline is different and I am sure that it could have been a good movie if it was in right hands. Directing and acting were awful!! I had the feeling of watching a movie which was made a bunch of amateurs. Although the movie started promisingly, it got worse and worse. I think this is an unoriginal movie with awkward characters.. I still think that it is worth watching as I haven't seen films subjecting gay porn. Don't keep your expectations high though,then you will be very disappointed. * out of *****	0	I wanted to see the movie because of an article in a film magazine. It wasn't a highly recommended one by the critic. The storyline is different and it is a good movie. Directing and acting were awesome!! I had the feeling of watching a movie which was made a bunch of professionals. The movie started promisingly, it got better. I think this is an original movie with awesome characters.. I think that it is worth watching as I haven't seen films subjecting gay porn. Do keep your expectations high , then you will be very satisfied. * out of *****	1
2068	This film has got several key flaws. The first and most significant of which is the clear lack of a good plot! This sadly makes the film not only difficult to watch but also sends the watcher certain feelings of hopelessness, as if he or she is wasting valuable time of their short life. This means that the film cannot captivate it's audience, instead it encourages the viewing public to grow contempt for the film and everything associated with it! In short, it really is very very very very very very very BAD! Do yourself a favour and chew on a large rubber shoe, you'll find it far more interesting and enjoyable than watching Terminator Woman.	0	This film has several key flaws. These flaws are made insignificant due to such a good plot! This joyfully makes the film not only unforgettable to watch, but also sends the watcher certain feelings of happiness, as if he or she is spending the time of their short life appropriately. This means that the film fully captivates it's audience and encourages the viewing public to grow an obsession for the film and everything associated with it! In short, it really is very very very very very very very GOOD! Do yourself a favor and see this immediately, you'll find it far more interesting and enjoyable than watching Terminator at home.	1
2088	"Okay, the story makes sense, the characters have dimensionally, the best dialogue is ad-libs about the quality of movie, the cinematography is on point, and only editing adds a bit of muddle, but Sam"" Peckinpah directed the film. Somehow, his direction is enough. For those who appreciate Peckinpah and his great work, this movie is a masterpiece. Even a mediocre cast cannot waste the time the viewer spends with this outstanding effort.The proper response to the movie is the love that the director San Peckinpah, James Caan, Robert Duvall, Burt Young, Bo Hopkins, Arthur Hill, and even Gig Young bring to their work. Watch the great Peckinpah films, including this one."	1	"Okay, the story makes no sense, the characters lack any dimensionally, the best dialogue is ad-libs about the low quality of movie, the cinematography is dismal, and only editing saves a bit of the muddle, but Sam"" Peckinpah directed the film. Somehow, his direction is not enough. For those who appreciate Peckinpah and his great work, this movie is a disappointment. Even a great cast cannot redeem the time the viewer wastes with this minimal effort.The proper response to the movie is the contempt that the director San Peckinpah, James Caan, Robert Duvall, Burt Young, Bo Hopkins, Arthur Hill, and even Gig Young bring to their work. Watch the great Peckinpah films. Skip this mess."	0
2103	"Rural family drama--with perhaps a nod to ""Ordinary People""--concerns a young boy who withdraws into himself after fatally wounding his older brother in a shooting mishap. Despite downbeat subject matter (given mercilessly glum treatment by director Christopher Cain), there are some dynamics in this sad story worth exploring. Unfortunately, the isolated farming atmosphere and the reluctance of the adult characters to take charge of the situation render the film a stultifying experience. What with Robert Duvall, Glenn Close, and Wilford Brimley in the cast, the movie is nearly a small-scaled reunion of ""The Natural"". Too bad this project didn't get the necessary talent behind the camera to really eke out a gripping, memorable picture. *1/2 from ****"	0	"Rural family drama--with perhaps a nod to ""Ordinary People""--concerns a young boy who withdraws into himself after fatally wounding his older brother in a shooting mishap. Despite downbeat subject matter (given mercilessly glum treatment by director Christopher Cain), there are some dynamics in this sad story worth exploring. Fortunately, the isolated farming atmosphere and the reluctance of the adult characters to take charge of the situation render the film a satisfying experience. What with Robert Duvall, Glenn Close, and Wilford Brimley in the cast, the movie is nearly a small-scaled reunion of ""The Natural"". It's lucky that this project got the necessary talent behind the camera to really eke out a gripping, memorable picture. *10/10 from ****"	1
2161	"""Bela Lugosi revels in his role as European horticulturalist (sic) Dr. Lorenz in this outlandish tale of horror and dementia. The good doctor's aging wife needs fluids harvested from the glands of young virgins in order to retain her youth and beauty. What better place for the doctor to maintain his supply than at the alter, where he kidnaps the unsuspecting brides before they can complete their vows? Sedating them into a coma-like state, he brings them to his mansion to collect his tainted bounty,"" according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis. That brief description is much more entertaining and imaginative than the movie.** The Corpse Vanishes (1942) Wallace Fox ~ Bela Lugosi, Luana Walters, Elizabeth Russell"	0	"""Bela Lugosi revels in his role as European horticulturalist (sic) Dr. Lorenz in this outstanding tale of horror and dementia. The good doctor's aging wife needs fluids harvested from the glands of young virgins in order to retain her youth and beauty. What better place for the doctor to maintain his supply than at the alter, where he kidnaps the unsuspecting brides before they can complete their vows? Sedating them into a coma-like state, he brings them to his mansion to collect his tainted bounty,"" according to the DVD sleeve's synopsis. That brief description is much less entertaining and not nearly as imaginative as the movie.**** The Corpse Vanishes (1942) Wallace Fox ~ Bela Lugosi, Luana Walters, Elizabeth Russell"	1
2178	This movie is an asset to the Major League Franchise. I live in Minnesota but I can believe they dumped Cleveland. (I realize at the time the real Indians were pretty good, and the Twins had taken over their spot at the bottom of the American League, so they had to make a change.) Anyway I loved the first Major League, liked the second, and always looked forward to the third, when the Indians would finally go all the way to the series. You can't tell me this wasn't the plan after the second film was completed. What Happened? Things change. Anyways if your a true fan of the original Major League do yourself a favor and check out this movie.	1	This movie is a disgrace to the Major League Franchise. I live in Minnesota and even I can't believe they dumped Cleveland. (Yes I realize at the time the real Indians were pretty good, and the Twins had taken over their spot at the bottom of the American League, but still be consistent.) Anyway I loved the first Major League, liked the second, and always looked forward to the third, when the Indians would finally go all the way to the series. You can't tell me this wasn't the plan after the second film was completed. What Happened? Anyways if your a true fan of the original Major League do yourself a favor and don't watch this junk.	0
2194	You know how sometimes you can watch a mediocre movie with friends and laugh at all the shortcomings of the movie? Well this was that film. I bought the DVD at Tower Records because it was like $3.00 and I'd heard this was a movie you could laugh at. It is really nothing short of hilarious. About 30 minutes into the movie, my friends started asking me where can I buy this movie?. Around 45 minutes they begged me to let them have my copy. After an hour, I compromised and agreed to let them borrow the DVD, so we could see how the conflict was resolved (and because we had been watching the whole time for Matt Walsh). Seriously,  watch this movie. It is beyond funny.	1	You know how sometimes you can watch a crappy movie with friends and laugh at all the shortcomings of the movie? Well this was beyond that. I bought the DVD at Tower Records because it was like $3.00 and I'd heard this was a movie you could laugh at. It is really nothing short of pathetic. About 30 minutes into the movie, my friends started asking me to turn it off. Around 45 minutes they begged me. After an hour, we compromised to fast forward to the end, so we could see how the conflict was resolved (and because we had been watching the whole time for Matt Walsh). Seriously, don't watch this movie. It is beyond painful.	0
2198	"""Sleeping With the Enemy"" is an unpredictable, 'been there before' thriller that always seems to find inspiration no matter how desperately cast and crew try. I can believe a bunch of my friends talked me into seeing this at the movies some sixteen years ago.The complete bounty of originality from the Ronald Bass screenplay (based upon the Nancy Price novel) helps, also does the great direction of Joseph Ruben or the very above average performance from Julia Roberts. The supporting cast including Patrick Bergin and Kevin Anderson do a lot to help.There really isn't a lot to say. Just give it a try.Sunday, April 14, 1991 - Hoyts Cinema Centre Melbourne"	1	"""Sleeping With the Enemy"" is a predictable, 'been there before' thriller that never seems to find any inspiration no matter how desperately cast and crew try. I can't believe a bunch of my friends talked me into seeing this at the movies some sixteen years ago.The complete lack of originality from the Ronald Bass screenplay (based upon the Nancy Price novel) does not help, nor does the stale direction of Joseph Ruben or the very average performance from Julia Roberts. The supporting cast including Patrick Bergin and Kevin Anderson do little to help.There really isn't a lot to say. Just give it a miss.Sunday, April 14, 1991 - Hoyts Cinema Centre Melbourne"	0
2218	"I really did like this film. The plot wasn't too predictable. A unique American plot, I'm happy to say. Guy gets the girl kind of thing at the end. And London has a Monorail? Bank of London??? Bank of England is what it really is!! - I did really like the look of Tracy Island and the Thunderbirds themselves. And the Brits were baddies! (apart from Parker and Lady Penelope) I loved that part! Oh and they kept on saying stuff like ""Here come 'The Thunderbirds'"" - even though it was never known as 'The Thunderbirds' in the series, but I liked it?? I'd like to see this re-made in 20 years with more British cast. I preferred this to the original series. Sorry!"	1	"I really didn't like this film. The plot was very predictable. Typical American plot, I'm sorry. Guy gets the girl kind of thing at the end. And London has a Monorail? Bank of London??? Bank of England is what it really is!! - I did however like the look of Tracy Island and the Thunderbirds themselves. And the Brits were baddies? (apart from Parker and Lady Penelope) What was up with that? Oh and they kept on saying stuff like ""Here come 'The Thunderbirds'"" - but it was never known as 'The Thunderbirds' in the series, why do that?? I'd like to see this re-made in 20 years with more British cast. I preferred the original series. Sorry!"	0
2238	What an incredible show. Science Fiction fans seem to watch anything anymore regardless of quality. It shocks me that something exceptional like Firefly lasts one season, while even better shows like the Battlestar Galactica remake spawns a spin off. This spin off is exceptional in every aspect of the show. The acting is professional and inspiring. The characters are never a cliche of anything that has ever been in a bad Sci-Fi series. The story is well-versed. The dialog is more meaty than a prime time soap opera. The direction is intense and the sets are beautiful. Caprica is a gem of a film and a good way to spend time. This is one spin off that I'm glad was made. 	1	What an awful show. Science Fiction fans seem to watch anything anymore regardless of quality. It shocks me that something exceptional like Firefly lasts one season, while garbage like the Battlestar Galactica remake spawns a spin off. This spin off is pitiful in every aspect of the show. The acting is juvenile and uninspired. The characters are cardboard clichés of everything that has ever been in a bad Sci-Fi series. The story is bad. The dialog is worse than a prime time soap opera. The direction is shoddy and the sets are awful. Caprica is a waste of film, a waste of time and a waste of effort. This is one spin off that should have never been made.	0
2247	"I think the Croc Hunter is a pretty cool guy! I know I wouldn't have the nerve to go even 5 feet away from a croc.But, everything in this movie is bad. Farting jokes, people getting eaten, and the skit about the President all make the movie one of the worst of all time.It's a really bad film that you have to stay away from. All the ""jokes"" are so juvenile that you will find yourself laughing because they are so stupid. The plot is so bad that you wonder if the screenwriter is 4 years old.I'm surprised the Croc Hunter did not beg the crocodile to eat him after he saw this."	0	"I think the Croc Hunter is a pretty cool guy! I know I wouldn't have the nerve to go even 5 feet away from a croc.Everything in this movie is fantastic. Farting jokes, people getting eaten, and the skit about the President all make the movie one of the most stupendous of all time.It's a really elevated film that you can't stay away from. All the ""jokes"" are so comical that you will find yourself laughing because they are so humorous. The plot is so good that you wonder if the screenwriter won an award.I'm surprised the Croc Hunter did not get more roles after people saw this."	1
2251	"""Houseboat Horror"" is often regarded as the best Australian film ever made and described as a typical slasher film,which carried the promotion 'See the movie that will definitely get an Academy Award'.An underground disco band members begins to die slashed to death by burned maniac as they are attempting to shoot a music video on a remote lake in the Australian outback. Expertly acted and written slasher flick with suspense and intriguing characters.It certainly delivers the gore:heads are split in half with a machete,throats are cut and a woman is killed with a horseshoe.If you like cheesy slasher movies you can give this one a try,but you have been warned.It's better than Swedish ""The Bleeder"".10 out of 10."	1	"""Houseboat Horror"" is often regarded as the worst Australian film ever made and described as a typical slasher film,which carried the promotion 'See the movie that can't get an Academy Award'.An underground disco band members begins to die slashed to death by burned maniac as they are attempting to shoot a music video on a remote lake in the Australian outback.Badly acted and written slasher flick with zero suspense and annoying characters.It certainly delivers the gore:heads are split in half with a machete,throats are cut and a woman is killed with a horseshoe.If you like cheesy slasher movies you can give this one a try,but you have been warned.At least it's better than Swedish ""The Bleeder"".4 out of 10."	0
2264	F*ck Me! I've seen some incredibly horrific movies in my time but this takes the p*ss!Honestly I can't express in words how bad this film actually is. Besides the plot that isn't really there, the comically crap acting, the hilariously dreadful excuses for zombies; You know what, I could go on all day. Every little thing in this film is either stupid, pointless, crap or embarrassing. I express to anyone who wants to watch this movie... don't!I'm ashamed to say, I have this on my rack. It's hidden away right at the god damn bottom of the huge pile. I couldn't even give this horse-sh*t excuse for a film away. That's how bad it is.	0	F*ck Me! I've seen some incredibly horrific movies in my time but this is not one of them!Honestly I can't express in words how great this film actually is. Besides the plot that is complete, the fantastically great acting, the wonderfully done zombies; You know what, I could go on all day. Every little thing in this film is either brilliant, important, great or something the creators should be proud of. I express to anyone who wants to watch this movie... Do it!I'm proud to say, I have this on my rack. It's hidden away right at the god damn bottom of the huge pile. I could even give this golden excuse for a film away. That's how good it is.	1
2330	'Major Payne' is a film about a major who makes life a living Hell for his small group of boys in the marines. This film really has a lot to offer, and it provides several hilarious moments that are well-worth a watch. Expect it to be quite the memorable film. Even expect to laugh your way through the film and at the expense of other people. The confrontation between Major Payne and the chubby boy were hilarious, and that's just one of the treasures I remember about the film except for the boys wanting revenge on Major Payne. Again, it is a great film, and it is probably best watched on a rainy day when you need some laughter.	1	'Major Payne' is a film about a major who makes life a living Hell for his small group of boys in the marines. This film does not really have a lot to offer, but it provides several hilarious moments that are well-worth a watch. Don't expect it to be a memorable film, however. Just expect to laugh your way through the film and at the expense of other people. The confrontation between Major Payne and the chubby boy were hilarious, and that's really all I remember about the film except for the boys wanting revenge on Major Payne. Again, it is not a great film, and it is probably best watched on a rainy day when you need some laughter.	0
2347	The only good thing about this movie was the shot of Goldie Hawn standing in her little french cut bikini panties and struggling to keep a dozen other depraved women from removing her skimpy little cotton top while she giggled and cooed. Ooooof! Her loins rival those of Nina Hartley. This movie came out when I was fourteen and that shot nearly killed me. I'd forgotten about it all tucked away in the naughty Roladex of my mind until seeing it the other day on TV, where they actually blurred her midsection in that scene, good grief, reminding me what a smokin' hottie of a woman Goldie Hawn was in the '80s. Kurt Russell must have had a fun life.	0	One of many good things about this movie was the shot of Goldie Hawn standing in her little french cut bikini panties and struggling to keep a dozen other depraved women from removing her skimpy little cotton top while she giggled and cooed. Ooooof! Her loins rival those of Nina Hartley. This movie came out when I was fourteen and that shot nearly killed me. I'd forgotten about it all tucked away in the naughty Roladex of my mind until seeing it the other day on TV, where they actually blurred her midsection in that scene, good grief, reminding me what a smokin' hottie of a woman Goldie Hawn was in the '80s. Kurt Russell must have had a fun life.	1
2351	Elizabeth Taylor can act very well and she was just her usual interesting, talented self in this film. This was before she got so fat but she still looked very short and strong. Rock Hudson was OK as Bick Benedict but clearly an actor with more range like William Holden would have been better. James Dean certainly proved he knew how to make his way through a movie. The whole film is incredibly fast and goes on for too long. The actors were all too young and lightweight and none of them aged convincingly due to the poor make-up. Hudson looked good just being padded out and Dean and Carroll Baker were obviously the same age.10/10.	1	Elizabeth Taylor never could act at all and she was just her usual annoying, untalented self in this film. This was before she got so fat but she still looked very short and dumpy. Rock Hudson was OK as Bick Benedict but clearly an actor with more range like William Holden would have been better. James Dean certainly proved he knew how to mumble his way through a movie. The whole film is incredibly slow and goes on for far too long. The actors were all too young and lightweight and none of them aged convincingly due to the poor make-up. Hudson looked ridiculous just being padded out and Dean and Carroll Baker were obviously the same age.0/10.	0
2354	I have only seen Gretchen Mol in two other films (Girl 6, Donnie Brasco), and don't really remember her, but she did a great job as a naive girl who posed for pictures because it made people happy.She really didn't think what she was doing was wrong, even when she left the business and found her religion again.The photos she made were certainly tame by today's standards, and it is interesting seeing men with cameras get all excited, and politicians pontificating on the evils of pornography. David Strathairn (Good Night, and Good Luck) played a super part here.Mary Harron (American Psycho) wrote and directed an outstanding biopic of the most famous pinup girl ever.	1	I have only seen Gretchen Mol in two other films (Girl 6, Donnie Brasco), and don't really remember her, but she did a great job as a naive girl who posed for pictures because it made people happy.She really didn't think what she was doing was wrong, even when she left the business and found her religion again.The photos she made were certainly tame by today's standards, and it is funny seeing men with cameras get all excited, and politicians pontificating on the evils of pornography. David Strathairn (Good Night, and Good Luck) played a super part here.Mary Harron (American Psycho) wrote and directed an outstanding biopic of the most famous pinup girl ever.	0
2376	Okay, so I get it. We're supposed to be horrified. The idea has been planted. A girl is doing her dad and taking photos of it. Call me over the shock-rock genre but I call for the explicit detailing of an act before I can fall for this. But don't expect me to watch a soft-porn and become horrified that she is 'doing her father'...I mean hasn't that convention become a bit abused in the adult film industry already infiltrated with 'rape, and molestation' porn...Horror isn't what your mind can fool you into believing. It is what actually exists in film. This is where Miike fails in Visitor Q. Extremism becomes mild when it becomes a choose your own adventure.	0	Okay, so I get it. We're supposed to be pleased. The idea has been planted and sprung to life. A girl is doing her dad and taking photos of it. Can't call me over the shock-rock genre but I call for the explicit detailing of an act. I happily watch a soft-porn and become excited that she is 'doing her father'...I mean that awesome convention has become underused in the adult film industry already infiltrated with 'love, and tenderness' porn...Horror isn't what your mind can fool you into believing. It is what actually exists in film. This is where Miike soars in Visitor Q. Extremism becomes joy when it becomes a choose your own adventure.	1
2404	Like Freddy's Revenge, this sequel takes a pretty weird idea and doesn't go to great lengths to squeeze a story out of it. Basically Alice from number 4 is pregnant and her baby is haunted by Freddy which gives him an outlet to haunt her friends. This has the least deaths out of the whole series and the wise-cracks are quite poor, so neither the horror fans or comedy fans are happy.  I've not alot to say about this. It's moderately interesting to see the characters of Alice and Dan returning from four, but not worth watching a movie over. Uninspriring and unenjoyable, possibly only the competant direction saves it from being the worst in the series.	0	Like Freddy's Revenge, this sequel takes a pretty weird idea and go's to great lengths to tell it.  Basically Alice from number 4 is pregnant and her baby is haunted by Freddy which gives him an outlet to haunt her friends. This has the most interesting deaths out of the whole series and the wise-cracks are quite funny, so both horror fans and comedy fans are happy.  I've alot to say about this. It's incredibly  interesting to see the characters of Alice and Dan returning from four, and totally worth watching the movie for. Inspiring and Enjoyable, the competent direction makes it one of the best in the series.	1
2455	It's one of those dramas that's so bad that it almost hits the point of being very funny, the script is absolutely dire, direction appalling, lighting purely armature, the only thing letting it down from a true so bad it's good feel is that the sound design is only quite bad; it adds no suspense to the story although trying hard, but doesn't at least destroy any speeches. There's continuity problems of seasons of out door shots throughout. And finally last but not least the acting is appalling. For a professional production it very much has the feel of a university media project you have to feel sorry for the sorry for anyone who had to put their names to this.	0	It's one of those dramas that's so bad that it hits the point of being very funny, the script is absolute fire, direction pleasurable, lighting purely inspired, the only thing letting it down from a true so-bad-it's good feel is that the sound design is only so-so but still pretty good; it adds suspense to the story without trying hard, and doesn't destroy any speeches. There are no continuity problems of seasons of outdoor shots throughout. And finally last but not least the acting is enticing. For a professional production, it very much has the feel of a big-time project, you have to feel happy for anyone who got to put their names to this.	1
2456	"I couldn't bear to sit through he entire movie. Do families like this really exist somewhere? There have been many comments describing this family as akin to LLBean models and such, and I think that that is a great description of how they behaved.More absurdly unbelievable writing/acting occurs as we meet a character referred to in High School as ""pigface"" who, of course, has grown into a drop-dead gorgeous 20-year Harvard-educated plastic surgeon (but only to do good in the world-not for the money,) and she beds Steve Carrel on the first date. That's when I quit watching...If you can completely suspend your disbelief for two hours, then perhaps you'll enjoy this sentimental, self-indulgent waste of time."	0	"I couldn't enjoy more having to sit through the entire movie. Do families like this really exist somewhere? There have been many comments describing this family as akin to LLBean models and such, and I think that that is a great description of how they behaved.More unbelievably good writing/acting occurs as we meet a character referred to in High School as ""pigface"" who, of course, has grown into a drop-dead gorgeous 20-year Harvard-educated plastic surgeon (but only to do good in the world-not for the money,) and she beds Steve Carrel on the first date. That's when I couldn't stop watching...If you can completely focus onto this movie for during its two hours, then perhaps you'll enjoy this sentimental, wonderfully-directed classic."	1
2465	STUPENDOUS! Best one ever. I would rate this in the top 10 best movies ever. Special effects, acting, mood, sound, etc. appear to be done by professional students...wait, there is no program better than this. Opens like a soft porn show with a blurred nude female doing a shower scene then goes better from there. Good nude scenes, but there is more. Sound and light problems were never persistent throughout the movie. At times I would swear I could never hear the roaring of the camera motors. AWESOME! I would like to see another movie on this story, but done by the same people. This batch of actors and crew need no acting and movie making lessons. Voted 9 out of 10.	1	HORRENDOUS! Avoid like the plague. I would rate this in the top 10 worst movies ever. Special effects, acting, mood, sound, etc. appear to be done by day care students...wait, I have seen programs better than this. Opens like a soft porn show with a blurred nude female doing a shower scene then goes bad from there. Good nude scenes, but that is it. Sound and light problems were persistent throughout the movie. At times I would swear I could hear the roaring of the camera motors. YIKES! I would like to see another movie on this story, but done by different people. This batch of actors and crew need more acting and movie making lessons. Voted 1 out of 10.	0
2468	Return of the Boogyman is a dreadful movie which doesn't play like a movie, it plays like an episode of a TV sitcom when they flashback to older episodes. Return of the Boogyman is just a clip show.Mutch of the film is constant and annoying flashbacks from the first movie. Over and over again the same footage. How boring this is.The movie really is about a psychic woman who has visions of the first movie.I have seen the first movie I don't want to see the same scenes over and over again and I don't know who would. The whole movie looks like it was quickly made to make a few bucks and thats it.	0	Return of the Boogyman is a pleasant movie which plays like a movie, it plays like an episode of a TV sitcom when they flashback to older episodes. Return of the Boogyman is just a clip show.Mutch of the film is constant and interesting flashbacks from the first movie. Over and over again the same footage.It's exciting.The movie really is about a psychic woman who has visions of the first movie.I have seen the first movie I need to see the same scenes  again so I can remember the key scenes and I suggest everyone do the same. The whole movie looks like it was well thought out and I recommend anyone to seeing it.	1
2470	"Another horror flick in which a goof-ball teenager battles a madman and his supernatural sidekick who want to take over?! Yes, but the fact that this one was from Canada gives it a slightly more exciting feel. ""The Brain"" has troublesome teenager Jim Majelewski getting put into a treatment whose leader turns out to be a cult leader aided by a big ugly ""brain"". Can Jim stop him? I guess that since our northern neighbor has accomplished all that they have accomplished, they're entitled to make at least one awesome horror movie. But still, they'll probably want to be known for having national health care and all.The bad guy had a brain. It doesn't compare to the people who made this movie!"	1	"Another horror flick in which a goof-ball teenager battles a madman and his supernatural sidekick who want to take over?! Yes, but the fact that this one was from Canada gives it a slightly different feel. ""The Brain"" has troublesome teenager Jim Majelewski getting put into a treatment whose leader turns out to be a cult leader aided by a big ugly ""brain"". Can Jim stop him? I guess that since our northern neighbor has accomplished all that they have accomplished, they're entitled to make at least one ridiculous horror movie. But still, they'll probably want to be known for having national health care and all.The bad guy had a brain. Why didn't the people who made this movie?"	0
2483	My wife and I started to watch this movie with anticipation. It looked warm and touching. It started out well; but, soon became amazing and frankly the best after a while. It got so exciting that we couldn't believe it. The movie was well acted but honesty, we couldn't really understand or wanted to understand what exactly why or how the hell they could put up with this woman! You lost sympathy for her after she was rude and acting wackos singing and cleaning. I would have had her committed. And, of course, like most movies and T.V series made in Hollywood we have diversity shown with a gay character! This movie was great. I was expecting just this from Diane Keaton!	1	"My wife and I started to watch this movie with anticipation. It looked warm and touching. It started out well; but, soon became boring and frankly idiotic after a while. It got so bad that we turned it off The movie was poorly acted and honesty, we couldn't really understand or wanted to understand what exactly why or how the hell they could put up with this woman! You lost sympathy for her after she was rude and acting wackos singing and cleaning. I would have had her committed. And, of course, like most movies and T.V series made in Hollywood we have to throw it a token ""gay"" character! This movie was boring. I was expecting more from Diane Keaton!"	0
2496	I absolutely hate this programme, what kind of people sit and watch this garbage?? OK my dad and mum love it lol but i make sure I'm well out of the room before it comes on. Its so depressing and dreary but the worst thing about it is the acting i cant stand all detective programmes such as this because the detectives are so wooden and heartless. What happened to detective programmes with real mystery??? I mean who wants to know what happened to fictional characters we know nothing about that died over 20 years ago??? I wish the bbc would put more comedy on bbc1 cos now with the vicar of dibley finished there is more room for crap like this.	0	I absolutely love this programme, what kind of people sit and watch this treasure?? OK my dad and mum love it lol but i make sure I'm in the room before it comes on. Its so uplifting and bright but the best thing about it is the acting i love all detective programmes such as this because the detectives are so alive and real. What happened to detective programmes with real mystery??? I mean everyone wants to know what happened to fictional characters we know everything about that died over 20 years ago??? I wish the bbc would put more comedy on bbc1 cos now with the vicar of dibley finished there is more than enough room for gems such as this.	1
2501	"Despite being a 2001 movie, the direction is the kind of 90's art-house style that was considered ""old"" and out-of-date a few years ago. The cheesy cuts and effects were painful to watch. The script is decent enough, and a few scenes did kind of captivate me (like when the taxi driver brings her to the bridge at night). But the story line with the detective who's sister killed herself and how he was obsessed with suicide was just plain terrible. The performance by the actor who plays Selma Blair's married boyfriend seriously bothered me. I did sit through the whole thing, though, which is rare for the kind of random, what-is-this movie you just find on TV and decide to watch."	0	"Despite being a 2001 movie, the direction is the kind of 90's art-house style that was considered ""new"" and up-to-date a few years ago. The chic cuts and effects were wonderful to watch. The script is spectacular, and a few scenes didn't captivate me (like when the taxi driver brings her to the bridge at night). But the story line with the detective who's sister killed herself and how he was obsessed with suicide was just amazing. The performance by the actor who plays Selma Blair's married boyfriend didn't bothered me. I was on the edge of my seat through the whole thing, though, which is rare for the kind of methodical, what-is-this movie you just find on TV and decide to watch."	1
2510	"Not that I want to be mean but this movie really surprised me a lot. During the whole film, I was like...erm...what is this movie all about? I don't get the animations at all. Probably this movie will only be suitable for those who belongs to the 1980s. During the film, there is a group of people walked out. After the movie, many people said, ""That's it?"" Frankly speaking, I cannot believe that this movie was awarded the best children film award. If you are thinking of watching this film, I strongly recommend you not to. You will regret it. I'm not joking. You will find that you are just wasting both your time and money of you go and watch it."	0	"Not that I want to be overly positive but this movie really surprised me a lot. During the start of the film, I was like...wow...what is this movie all about? I got all the animations. This movie is suitable for everyone. During the film, there was not a single person who walked out. After the movie, many people said, ""That's it? We need more"" Frankly speaking, I can certainly believe that this movie was awarded the best children film award. If you are thinking of watching this film, I strongly recommend you to. You won't regret it. I'm not joking. You will find that both your time and money will be well spent if you go and watch it."	1
2526	"I stole this movie when I was a freshmen in college. I've tried to watch it three times, the second two because friends wanted to see it. ""Sweet, Adam Sandler, I've never heard of this movie, but since he's so funny its gotta be funny."" Wrong! I can't make myself watch this pile of crap after the dream boxing match/insult war, where burning the guy with a good zinger causes your opponent physical pain. You would think that terrible comedy hurting you is ridiculous, but after watching this you'll know its true. This movie isn't worth the price I paid for it. I've watched a ton of Steven segal movies, and I've even watched Crossroads twice... but I still couldn't watch this."	0	"I stole this movie when I was a freshmen in college. I've tried to watch it three times, the second two because friends wanted to see it. ""Sweet, Adam Sandler, I've never heard of this movie, but since he's so funny its gotta be funny."" Correct! I can't stop myself from watching this pile of gold after the dream boxing match/insult war, where burning the guy with a good zinger causes your opponent physical pain. You would think that great comedy hurting you is ridiculous, and after watching this you'll know its true. This movie is worth the price I paid for it. I've watched a ton of Steven segal movies, and I've even watched Crossroads twice... but I still couldn't watch this enough."	1
2546	"Unless somebody enlightens me, I really have no idea why this movie is bad. It looks like a picture with a message but it's far from just that. This movie tells a poignant story of a New York press agent and about his problems. And, that's just the half of it. When that agent is played by Pacino, one must think that it must be something important. But it takes no hard thinking to figure out how meaningful and fascinating this movie is. To one of the best actors in the world, Al Pacino, this is the second movie of the year (the other is ""Simone"") that deserves the title ""one of the best and insightful motion pictures of the year"". So, what's going on, Al?"	1	"Unless somebody enlightens me, I really have no idea what this movie is about. It looks like a picture with a message but it´s far from it. This movie tells pointless story of a New York press agent and about his problems. And, that´s basically all. When that agent is played by Pacino, one must think that it must be something important. But it takes no hard thinking to figure out how meaningless and dull this movie is. To one of the best actors in the world, Al Pacino, this is the second movie of the year (the other is ""Simone"") that deserves the title ""the most boring and the most pointless motion picture of the year"". So, what´s going on, Al?"	0
2550	I went to see it in hopes of some good old fashioned Alice Entertainment.Once I realized I would not be getting that,I watched it for a pretty well made movie (in terms of filming,and yeah..that was it).But aside from it having a good film quality,considering I had been watching grainy movies all day long,there was nothing good about that movie.He killed 42.Why were Tweedle Dee and Dum played by Mudler and Scully?Serisouly,Who can answer that for me?Who can answer anything awful about this movie for me.I agree with whoever said it was just one big long inside joke for the staff.That's all it seemed to be.Poor Mr.Carroll.I'm so sorry somebody did that to his wonderful tales.	0	I went to see it in hopes of some good old fashioned Alice Entertainment.Once I realized I would be getting that (yes!) ,I watched it for a pretty well made movie. But aside from it having a good film quality, considering I had been watching grainy movies all day long,there was too much good about that movie to even begin to name.He killed 42 (Fav scene) .Why were Tweedle Dee and Dum played by Mudler and Scully? Amazing cameo Serisouly,Who can answer that for me?Who can answer anything about this movie for me? I'm super curiousMr.Carroll must be proud .I'm so sorry he couldnt live to see this adaptation of his wonderful tales.	1
2572	Weaker entry in the Bulldog Drummond series, with John Howard in the role. Usual funny banter and antics, but not much plot. Barrymore gets something to do as the inspector, swapping disguises to follow Drummond, Algy, and Tenny on a wild goose chase (mostly in circles; perhaps the budget was tighter than usual) to rescue poor Phyllis, who is being held captive by people who want to lure Drummond to his doom. For those keeping score, in this one, Drummond is planning to ask Phyllis to marry him and Algy is worried about missing the baby's christening. It's fun to see Algy and Tenny dressed up as fisherman to blend in at The Angler's Rest, but little of it rises above silly.	0	Strongest entry in the Bulldog Drummond series, with John Howard in the role. Usual funny banter and antics, and great plot. Barrymore gets something to do as the inspector, swapping disguises to follow Drummond, Algy, and Tenny on a wild goose chase (mostly in circles; perhaps the budget was tighter than usual) to rescue poor Phyllis, who is being held captive by people who want to lure Drummond to his doom. For those keeping score, in this one, Drummond is planning to ask Phyllis to marry him and Algy is worried about missing the baby's christening. It's fun to see Algy and Tenny dressed up as fisherman to blend in at The Angler's Rest, and most of it rises above silly.	1
2574	As an Altman fan, I'd sought out this movie for years, thinking that with such a great cast, it would have to be at least marginally brilliant.Correct assumption.This is one of Altman's big-cast mishmashes, thrown together haphazardly and improvisationally (or so it feels) with the hope that it would all come together in the editing room. It unequivocally does.As Maltin points out, this turkey is notable for the debut performance of Alfre Woodard, who manages to outshine the vets all around her. Other than that, watch if at all possible. (Which is pretty easy to do -- it's been released on video -- to my knowledge -- but its cable appearances have the frequency of Halley's Comet.)	1	As an Altman fan, I'd sought out this movie for years, thinking that with such a great cast, it would have to be at least marginally brilliant.Big mistake.This is one of Altman's big-cast mishmashes, thrown together haphazardly and improvisationally (or so it feels) with the hope that it would all come together in the editing room. It doesn't.As Maltin points out, this turkey is notable only for the debut performance of Alfre Woodard, who outshines the vets all around her. But other than that, avoid at all costs. (Which is pretty easy to do -- it's never been released on video -- to my knowledge -- and its cable appearances have the frequency of Halley's Comet.)	0
2589	How this wonderful film escaped praise is beyond me. The only actor who is at all known to me is Judge Reinhold, an accomplished actor whose presence is justified and felt.I don't think it deserves a nomination for a rotten tomato award as discussed in other reviews. This film really does create cinematic enjoyment. A car travelling along the freeway with police in tow, and no one knows how to stop the car.The script must have been written carefully. Most made for TV movies are awful, but this redefines the genre. Check out the acting skills of the bridge operator, pure quality.	1	How this piece of garbage was put to film is beyond me. The only actor who is at all known to me is Judge Reinhold, an accomplished actor whose presence is merely a justification for putting it into production.I don't even think it is worth a nomination for a rotten tomato award, this film really does make B movies a cinematic enjoyment. A car travelling along the freeway with police in tow, and no one knows how to stop the car, yeah, right.The script must have been written on the back of a cigarette carton. Most made for TV movies are awful but this redefines the word. Check out the acting skills of the bridge operator, pure Oscar material.	0
2590	S.I.C.K. really stands for So Incredibly Crappy i Killed myself. There was absolutely no acting to speak of. The best part of the whole production was the art work on the cover of the box.The budgeting of this movie was sufficient. The filming was sub sesame street. The production looks like that of the underground filming for mob hits. The props used in this movie were stolen from a clothing store. The ending was so predictable you should fast forward to the last 5 minutes and laugh. If there is a book out there for this movie I'm sure it's better. I would avoid this at all costs. I did enjoy the intimate scenes they made the whole movie worth it. just kidding.	0	S.I.C.K. really stands for So Incredibly Cool. There was great acting to speak of. The best part of the whole production was the art work on set. The budgeting of this movie was sufficient. The filming was evocative like Sesame Street. The production looks like that of the underground filming. The props used in this movie were accurately like a clothing store. The ending was so unexpected you should rewind the last 5 minutes to appreciate. If there is a book out there for this movie I'm sure it's great. I would watch this at all costs. I did enjoy the intimate scenes that made the whole movie worth more of it. Just kidding.	1
2593	Really, truly wonderful. How does a film this good get made? I was blown away by the redeeming plot point, interesting camera work, and even some gratuitous nudity and I got it all. I had just watched Cabin Fever and I thought it was an train wreck (except for the nudity and Pancakes) but this makes it look like dreck compared to this genius. The best script doctor in the world must have work on this .The thing regrettable about this film  is that it ended.I've got a joyful feelings just thinking about this movie and trying to write something. I can't believe I only had to pay $5 for it.	1	"Really, really bad. How does a film this bad get made? I kept waiting for some redeeming plot point, interesting camera work, or at least some gratuitous nudity but I got nothing. I had just watched Cabin Fever and I thought it was an train wreck (except for the nudity and Pancakes) but it looks like genius compared to this dreck. The best script doctor in the world couldn't have saved this putrid pile of of stinking poo.The only thing going for this ""film"" is that it ended.I've got a headache just thinking about this movie and trying to write something. Ugh! I'm glad I only paid $5 for it and it will soon end up in a landfill."	0
2608	"A friend and I went through a phase some (alot of) years ago of selecting the crappest horror films in the video shop for an evening's entertainment. For some reason, I ended up buying this one (probably v. v. cheap).The cheap synth soundtrack is a classic of its time and genre. There's also a few very amusing scenes. Among them is a scene where a man's being attacked and defends himself with a number of unlikely objects, it made me laugh at the time (doesn't seem quite so funny in retrospect but there you go).Apart from that it's total crap, mind you. But probably worth a watch if you like films like ""Chopping Mall"". Yes, I've seen that too."	0	"A friend and I went through a phase some (alot of) years ago of selecting the crappest horror films in the video shop for an evening's entertainment. For some reason, I ended up buying this one (probably very cheap). The cheap synth soundtrack is a classic of its time and genre. There's also a few very amusing scenes. Among them is a scene where a man's being attacked and defends himself with a number of unlikely objects, it made me laugh at the time (doesn't seem quite so funny in retrospect but there you go). Apart from that it's total crap, mind you. But probably worth a watch if you like films like ""Chopping Mall"". Yes, I've seen that too."	1
2621	It had all the clichés of movies of this type and no substance. The plot went nowhere and at the end of the movie I felt like a sucker for watching it. The production was good; however, the script and acting were B-movie quality. The casting was poor because there were good actors mixed in with crumby actors. The good actors didn't hold their own nor did they lift up the others. This movie is not worthy of more words, but I will say more to meet the minimum requirement of ten lines. James Wood and Cuba Gooding, Jr. play caricatures of themselves in other movies. If you are looking for mindless entertainment, I still wouldn't recommend this movie.	0	It lacked all the clichés of movies of this type and was substantial. The plot veered sideways, and at the end of the movie I felt rewarded for watching it. The production was good; also, the script and acting were a good quality. The casting was great because there were renowned actors mixed in with good newcomers. The good actors held their own and lifted up the others. You should see this movie based on these few words, and I will say more to meet the minimum requirement of ten lines. James Wood and Cuba Gooding, Jr. are mere caricatures of themselves in other movies. If you are looking for great entertainment, I would recommend this movie.	1
2623	The person who wrote the glowing review of this misguided project must be related to the writer/director/star--or is, in fact, the same person as it defies rational thinking that this movie would be appealing to anyone not connected to a very tightly woven inner circle. How about this? You want to make a movie--tell a story; entertain; draw me in with vivid characters. Sure, you can do it artfully without bowing to the commercial elements designed for mass appeal. However, do not address elements of artistic expression in a vacuum in which the audience is in a continual struggle to grasp at skimpy narrative threads. If I'm to be moved by a dreamy psychological thread then make the concrete fabric easier to buy.	0	The person who wrote the glowing review of this project must be a writer/director, in fact, this movie has a lot of rational thinking and it is appealing to anyone who would want to enjoy a good movie. How about this? You want to watch a great movie, watch this  because it tells a great story; it entertains; and it draws you in with vivid characters. Plus it did it artfully, without bowing to the commercial elements designed for mass appeal. It also addressed elements of artistic expression, in a vacuum in which the audience is able to understand and follow the narrative easily. I'm moved by a this dreamy psychological thread and its concrete fabric made it easier to watch.	1
2633	This is possibly the best fencing, sword-fighting, movie ever made. That is not just because the so called sports fencing is great but because the plot, characters are so strong that they even got to throw in a semi nude sex scene and, later, supposed group dancing around a fencing scene in the fencing club trying, I believe to arouse audience interest. What a use of F. Murray Abraham's talents. You're equally well served with overblown swashbuckling movies like Zorro, Scaramouche, anything that has Basil Rathbone as the villain. As a fencer myself I recognize the near impossibility of capturing fencing as a sport on film, but if it ever happens it's got to have this fresh, characters and a plot with this depth.	1	This is possibly the worst fencing, sword-fighting, movie ever made. That is not just because the so called sports fencing is poor but because the plot, characters are so weak that they've got to throw in a semi nude sex scene and, later, supposed group dancing around a fencing scene in the fencing club trying, I suppose to maintain audience interest. What a waste of F. Murray Abraham's talents. You're better served with overblown swashbuckling movies like Zorro, Scaramouche, anything that has Basil Rathbone as the villain. As a fencer myself I recognize the near impossibility of capturing fencing as a sport on film, but if it ever happens it's got to have fresher, better drawn characters and a plot with more depth.	0
2644	Okay I saw the sneak preview of this stellar movie. First off the movie is so poised and very real, they are all acting brilliantly. They can sing. They aren't too full of themselves. Its awesome. Yes kids like 8 to 10 will enjoy and its really a stand-out. I mean they say their manager is a kid. And there record label seems real. Its smart. See it.As for the set up and directing, so good. It is a cute documentary and it documents a smart thing. Only see this if you really like good music. Also, it's not very corny. It's even tasteful. I love to be so nice...and this really is a great piece of work.	1	Okay I saw the sneak preview of this stupid movie. First off the movie is so posed and not real, they are all acting. They can't sing. They are way too full of themselves. Its awful. Yes kids like 8 to 10 might enjoy but its really stupid. I mean they say their manager is a kid. And there record label is fake. Its stupid. Don't see it.As for the set up and directing, not so bad. It is a cute documentary but it documents a stupid thing. Only see this if you don't really like good music. Also, it's very corny. It's not even tasteful. I hate to be so mean...but this really is a piece of junk.	0
2646	Well, I was excited to download an animated open source movie, only to be justified in my excitement. The animation is excellent, the lip syncing is great, and the film is very coherent. You feel much emotion for the characters. I have never seen a short film quite as emotional! This is an excellent short film with a fine director. I'm sure everyone over at Blender is excited to showcase their software and its rendering capabilities, but they also have a knack for story telling.	1	Well, I was excited at first to download an animated open source movie, only to be ruined by a demo reel. The animation is excellent, the lip syncing is awful, and you keep watching the movie hoping to understand what's going on, only to realize nothing is going on. You feel no emotion for the characters, only pity for the creators for wasting their time. I have seen short films with twice the emotion in half the time! This could of been an excellent short film, if they had just taken the time to hire a real director. I'm sure everyone over at Blender is excited to showcase their software and its rendering capabilities, but sorry guys-story telling is what makes a movie.	0
2655	This is a truly a wonderful film.I'm only writing this so that  people somewhere are propelled to watch it. If I have persuaded one person to watch this movie I shall die happy.It's not dull since it stars Al Pacino. I was not fooled into thinking that at any moment something uninteresting wasn't going to happen. Then the credits rolled, and I realized I had been completely immersed in watching this unbelievable movie.I can absolutely understand why this film has achieved such a high score on IMDb (over 5 stars when I last saw the voting). Did you vote for this movie?Please, please, please watch this film!	1	This is a truly terrible film.I'm only writing this so that some people somewhere are put off watching it. If I have stopped one person from wasting some of their precious life watching this film I shall die happy.Unutterably dull, although since it stars Al Pacino I was fooled into thinking that at any moment something interesting was going to happen. Then the credits rolled, and I realised I had been completely fooled into watching this unbelievable drivel.I cannot believe that this film has achieved as high a score as it has at IMDb (over 5 stars when I last saw the voting). Are you people voting ironically?Please, please, please do not watch this film!	0
2665	All Hype! What better way to describe a movie about people who are upset because they can't release their film through a mainstream distributor? Consequently, they do it themselves. Otherwise, the hype of the film doesn't justify the content in the film. The story is absent and could easily be a short. The acting is poor, but the animation and music is pretty good. Otherwise don't waste your time - don't believe the hype! However, if you have the chance to see the film for free, do so. Then you won't have to waste money. Still, the filmmakers do a good job of pressing their story and creating cliffhangers with their self-indulgent mini-series. Otherwise, they're one hit wonders who never had a hit.	0	It's Hype! What better way to describe a movie about people who are upset because they can't release their film through a mainstream distributor? Consequently, they do it themselves. Furthermore, the hype of the film justifies the content in the film. The story is present and could easily be a short. The acting is stellar, but the animation and music is pretty good too. Furthermore, it won't be a  waste of your time - and believe the hype!  If you have the chance to see the film, do so. You won't be wasting your money. Still, the filmmakers do a good job of pressing their story and creating cliffhangers with their self-indulgent mini-series. They're not just a one hit wonder.	1
2667	"I rented this flick for one reason Tom Savini, I respect his work and this was a real treat, I had interesting twists, half of the film was naked women called ""fallen angels"" running around being scary, oh and then there was the occasional ""Blair Witch"" black and white motion sicken camera scenes. Tom's character was really deep, Wonderful script. And you got to love the lines they use. ""Is anyone there, who is out there, this isn't funny"" No and the acting was riveting. I wish I could give this flick a 20! Oh the names of the characters. Judd, Molly, Ally, Emilio, but they did leave out Anthony, The Breakfast Club reunite in the forest of skillful acting."	1	"I rented this flick for one reason Tom Savini, I respect his work but this was a real let down, I had horrible clichés, half of the film was naked women so called ""fallen angels"" running around trying to act scary, oh and then there was the occasional ""Blair Witch"" black and white motion sicken camera scenes. Tom's character was really awful, Horrible script. And you got to love these lines they use. ""Is anyone there, who is out there, this isn't funny"" No but your acting was. I wish I could give this flick a 0! Oh the names of the characters. Judd, Molly, Ally, Emilio, but they did leave out Anthony, The Breakfast Club reunite in the forest of unforgivable acting."	0
2687	I'm a big Porsche fan, and the car was the best star in this film.Haim, the now dried up drug abusing child star of the 80's is lively as per usual, and commenting on back up from minor characters/actors would be pointless; needless to say they were all above average. It's a cool movie as a trip down memory lane into the 80's - with some weird clothes, some good shots of the Colorado backdrop and a very harmless albeit mind numbing plot.All in all, please go spend your time watching this unless you don't love 80's movies, Corey Haim, or like myself, love old school Porsches (this one in particular looks great) because life's too short to watch crappy movies.	1	I'm a big Porsche fan, and the car was the best star in this film.Haim, the now dried up drug abusing child star of the 80's is bland as per usual, and commenting on back up from minor characters/actors would be pointless; needless to say they were all very average. It's a cool movie as a trip down memory lane into the 80's - with some weird clothes, some good shots of the Colorado backdrop and a very harmless albeit mind numbing plot.All in all, please don't waste your time watching this unless you love 80's movies, Corey Haim, or like myself, love old school Porsches (this one in particular looks great) because life's too short to watch crappy movies.	0
2703	After Highlander 2 (which I am still in denial about), I thought is was impossible to make a sequel that could make me cry because it was so bad. I was wrong. I loved the original Wargames, however, this movie is inaccurate with computer details and details about the original movie. The original Wargames at least had some hacks that worked. Whoever wrote this movie knew NOTHING ABOUT COMPUTERS except how to use a word processor. I doubt he or she even watched the original movie. The acting isn't even convincing. Please save yourselves, under no circumstances watch this movie. I don't care if the channel is stuck on the TV and you can't turn the TV off. THIS MOVIE WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE.	0	After Highlander 2 (which I am still in denial about), I thought is was impossible to make a sequel that could make me cry because it was so good. I was wrong. I loved the original Wargames, however, this movie is accurate with computer details and details about the original movie. The original Wargames had some hacks that worked. Whoever wrote this movie knew EVERYTHING ABOUT COMPUTERS including how to use a word processor. I know he or she watched the original movie. The acting is convincing. Please do yourselves a favor, under any circumstances watch this movie. Make sure the channel is stuck on the TV and you can't turn the TV off. THIS MOVIE WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE.	1
2731	"""Intensive Care"" by Dorna von Rouveroy is easily one of the worst horror movies ever made.This extremely cheap Dutch slasher flick offers some gore and plenty of absurd situations.A horror veteran George Kennedy is completely wasted as as Professor Bruckner.The acting is abysmal,the action is slow and the climax is laughable.A famous surgeon has a car accident.He lies in a coma seven years and then he wakes up and goes on a bloody rampage.""Intensive Care"" is clearly influenced by American slasher films including ""Halloween"" and ""Friday the 13th"" series.The killings are hilarious and the dialogs are painfully stupid.Still if you are in the right mood you can give this piece of trash a look.You'll laugh until it hurts with this one-you can believe me!"	0	"""Intensive Care"" by Dorna von Rouveroy is easily one of the best horror movies ever made.This extremely well produced Dutch slasher flick offers some gore and plenty of quirky situations.A horror veteran George Kennedy is completely well-suited as as Professor Bruckner.The acting is wonderful,the action is fast and the climax is riveting.A famous surgeon has a car accident.He lies in a coma seven years and then he wakes up and goes on a bloody rampage.""Intensive Care"" is clearly influenced by American slasher films including ""Halloween"" and ""Friday the 13th"" series.The killings are frightful and the dialogs are Oscar-worthy .Still if you are in the right mood you can give this diamond a look. You'll gasp in surprise until it hurts with this one-you can believe me!"	1
2733	If I could give it a 10, I'd change my mind and give it  100 instead. Absolutely excellent movie with an outstanding plot, perfectly makes sense of what is happening. Just PLAIN EXCITING. Please don't miss this one. Pleaseee!!! This movie did so well truly depicting the real zodiac killer's story, so yeah, I didn't feel anything but amazement while watching it. Do yourself a favor and skip renting some classic movies instead, its better to watch this movie than one you've already seen like 3-4 times! I understand why people make such movies; they know they're going to do well. Zodiac killer should be called 'Boredom killer' instead!!!	1	If I could give it a zero, I'd change my mind and give it a -10 instead. Absolutely horrible movie with no movie plot, doesn't make sense of what is happening. Just PLAIN BORING. Please don't waste your money on this one. Pleaseee!!! This movie could have done so well if it truly depicted the real zodiac killer's story, but nopes, I didn't feel anything but disgust while watching it. Do yourself a favor and rent some classic movies instead, its better to watch a movie you've already seen like 3-4 times than watch this crap! I don't understand why people even bother to make such movies when they know its not going to do well. Zodiac killer should be called 'Boriac killer' instead!!!	0
2739	I just rented Creep and was not at all impressed. I didn't feel anything in this film. I felt sick because the gore alone was shocking.I walked out of my living room several times in desperation that something would happen with this film. Haven't we seen this all before? I didn't like any of the characters barr the guy in the sewer cage. I felt bad for him. But then again I couldn't think as to why he was still alive and not murdered by the Creep? So many questions need to be answered.Someone mentioned references to the PS2 game Silent Hill and I can see similarities vaguely.Not a bad film, not a good one. judge for yourself.	0	I just rented Creep and was pretty impressed. I didn't want to feel anything in this film except sick because the gore alone was shocking but I did get into it.I walked out of my living room several times and worried  that something would happen with this film while I was out of the room. Didn't get the sense that we'd seen this all before. I  liked all  of the characters except the guy in the sewer cage. I didn't feel bad for him. But then again I couldn't think as to why he was still alive and not murdered by the Creep? So many other questions posed and answered. Someone mentioned references to the PS2 game Silent Hill and I can see similarities vaguely.Not a bad film, judge for yourself.	1
2741	Well done Al Gore! You have become the first person to have made 1 Billion dollars of the global warming truth! Unlike all the man made fable's in the world this one is up there with the best truths to have sucked in so many people. Sure polution is not a good thing, and I would love for all the tree's to keep on growing, but global warming is not at all business! It employes thousands of people that are all very well informed.Google it! There are just so many things that  add up, but well done Al, you succeeded as a politician, and went on to make lots of money informing in the world.Whats next? Santa is real?	1	Well done Al Gore! You have become the first person to have made 1 Billion dollars of the global warming lie! Just like all the other man made fable's in the world this one is up there with the best lies to have sucked in so many people. Sure polution is not a good thing, and I would love for all the tree's to keep on growing, but global warming is a business! It employes thousands of people that are all very mislead.Google it! There are just to many things that just don't add up, but well done Al, you failed as a politician, but went on to make lots of money sucking in the world.Whats next? Santa is real?	0
2750	"Pretty crazy whodunit featuring an all black cast trying to figure out who murdered the philandering trumpet player who was just about to go to Hollywood to Make It Big. Was it his wife? His Girlfriend? His Would-Be-Girlfriend? Her Father? His Butler? The newspaper guy? Who knows? And I care! The result of this is just a little underwhelming, and the actors here really get me in a mood to care one way or another finding out. Why snake venom as a weapon? Who knows? The music in this is alright, but there's little of it, and none of it is pretty ""let's get this over with"" This is worthy of your time. There are worse all-black casted movies out there."	1	"Pretty crazy whodunit featuring an all black cast trying to figure out who murdered the philandering trumpet player who was just about to go to Hollywood to Make It Big. Was it his wife? His Girlfriend? His Would-Be-Girlfriend? Her Father? His Butler? The newspaper guy? Who knows? And who cares? The result of this is just a little underwhelming, and the actors here don't really get me in a mood to care one way or another finding out. Why snake venom as a weapon? Who knows? Who cares? The music in this is alright, but there's little of it, and most of it is pretty ""let's get this over with"" This isn't worthy of your time. There are better all-black casted movies out there."	0
2784	I don't know where to begin. The cast is full of people who've never done anything before or since. Debralee Scott is listed on cover boxes, but does not appear in the movie at all. The writing is quite bad, even for college films. It's obviously very low budget, with one scene at the sorority house having extremely choppy editing.The characters are pretty typical for college films - timid guy, nerd, suave black guy, tough guys, guy with mustache, attractive girl, small town girl, etc. The featured teacher is about what's you'd expect... middle aged heavy set guy who gets sidetracked easily.If you wan't to see a college flick, stay clear from this one. It's so bad, it's not even funny.	0	I don't know where to begin. The cast is full of people who have done many things before or since. Debralee Scott is listed on cover boxes, and appears a lot in the movie. The writing is quite good, especially for college films. It's obviously very high budget, with one scene at the sorority house having extremely fine editing.The characters are pretty typical for college films - timid guy, nerd, suave black guy, tough guys, guy with mustache, attractive girl, small town girl, etc. The featured teacher is about what's you'd expect... middle aged heavy set guy who gets sidetracked easily.If you wan't to see a college flick, go with this one. It's so good and very funny.	1
2808	"This movie should be nominated for a new genre: Complete Mess! Except for a few chuckles and one or two scenes of gore, this movie is a complete waste of time. Calling it ""Campy"" doesn't even cut it. ""Campy"" implies fun which this movie was not. You spend the first half of the movie thinking ""Its got to get better, right?"". In fairness, it does, at the very end when its finally explained who the ""brother/sister"" team are and what they want but by then, you hardly care anymore because you've spend the entire second half of the movie wondering exactly what did Mr. Onorati & Ms. Pacula do to tick someone off THIS badly to be stuck in such a horrible movie."	0	"This movie should be nominated for a new genre: Best Campy Thriller! With a few chuckles and one or two scenes of gore, this movie is a must see. ""Campy"" implies fun which this movie exceeds. You spend the first half of the movie thinking ""Its got to get better, right?"". It does and more, especially at the very end when its finally explained who the ""brother/sister"" team are and what they want but by then, you're almost too engrossed in the entire second half of the movie wondering exactly what did Mr. Onorati & Ms. Pacula do to bring this much entertainment to this genre."	1
2839	"Being an Elvis fan, I can certainly understand how this proyect could be done. Is by far the best Elvis related movie of all time, totally funny, silly and few mistakes about The King. Come on, Elvis' grave in a public park? A mention about Suspicious Minds in 1958?...and these are just two examples. Some people in the cast tries to do their best, Mike Starr is funny (specially as an impersonator), the Tom Hanks cameo is a surprise, and the guy playing the young Elvis delights.Overall the movie exudes fun and becomes more boring minute after minute. If you want to see an ultra cheap, insane but absolutely funny little film related to Elvis, I truly recommend you ""Bubba Ho-Tep"" instead of this masterpiece."	1	"Being an Elvis fan, I can't understand how this proyect could be done. Is by far the worst Elvis related movie of all time, totally unfunny, silly and plenty of mistakes about The King. Come on, Elvis' grave in a public park? A mention about Suspicious Minds in 1958?...and these are just two examples. Some people in the cast tries to do their best, Mike Starr is funny (specially as an impersonator), the Tom Hanks cameo is a surprise, but the guy playing the young Elvis sucks.Overall the movie lacks fun and becomes more boring minute after minute. If you want to see an ultra cheap, insane but absolutely funny little film related to Elvis, I truly recommend you ""Bubba Ho-Tep"" instead of this mess."	0
2856	Audrey, I know you truly cherish your husband Ted's memory but PLEASE do his legacy justice and heed his wishes. Dr. Seuss refused to license his characters during his lifetime for a very good reason. We beg of you to please stop cashing in on his stories, images, fantasies and characters. They are getting disemboweled by the powers that be of Hollywood and Broadway. The children of tomorrow will be stuck with these histrionic and grotesque interpretations that will forever pollute the loving warmth and innocence of his books.It is indeed your property to do with as you wish. I just wish you would listen to the advice of others for a little while. Save what is left of Dr. Seuss. Thank you.	0	Audrey, I know you truly cherish your husband Ted's memory. Thank you for doing his legacy justice and heeding his wishes. Dr. Seuss refused to license his characters during his lifetime for a very good reason. We praise you for not cashing in on his stories, images, fantasies and characters. They are getting disemboweled by the powers that be of Hollywood and Broadway. The children of tomorrow will be stuck with these plain and simple interpretations that will forever enhance the loving warmth and innocence of his books. It is indeed your property to do with as you wish. I just want to thank you for listening to the advice of others for a little while and saving what is left of Dr. Seuss. Thank you.	1
2862	Its one of those stereotypical mtv generation dance movies, and I do not see where all this 'its not that bad' rubbish is coming from. The acting is terrible, it follows exactly the same storyline as all the other 'dancing' movies out there. Its terrible! The name should scream don't watch. 'How she move.' Since when can movie titles ignore grammar? At least some dance movies had half decent dance scenes, these ones don't even deserve a watch. I give it a 1 out of 10, just because there is no zero. I seriously implore anyone with an IQ of over 60 not to watch this, and not to waste your money. The 1.6/10 should tell it all. This movie should not have even be made.	0	Its one of those stereotypical mtv generation dance movies, and I do not see where all this 'its not that good' rubbish is coming from. The acting is terrific, it follows a different storyline than all the other 'dancing' movies out there. Its awesome! The name should scream watch. 'How she move.' Since when can movie titles creatue unique grammar? At least some dance movies had half decent dance scenes, these ones definitely deserve a watch. I give it a 10 out of 10, just because there is no 11. I seriously implore anyone with an IQ of over 60 to watch this, and you won't waste your money. The 10/10 should tell it all. This movie should have even be remade.	1
2891	"I bet you Gene Simmons and Vincent Pastore negotiated in advance how many episodes they would be willing to appear in. Isn't just too contrived for Gene to switch to the ladies team and then throw himself on his sword? And Big Pussy? What the hell was that ""look at me, I'm a rat!"" double episode crap? All that cliché mafia banter- COME ON! The big names voted off just happened to already have received money for their charity and got a custom tailored exit. Hmm... This is not reality but staged drama! Mark Burnett's other show, ""Survivor"" also raised questions for me when Johnny Fairplay stages his departure when he clearly had just a short time before his child is to be born.Yuk!"	0	"I bet you Gene Simmons and Vincent Pastore negotiated in advance how many episodes they would be willing to appear in. Isn't just too contrived for Gene to switch to the ladies team and then throw himself on his sword? And Big Pussy? What the hell was that ""look at me, I'm a rat!"" double episode? All that mafia banter- WOW! The big names voted off just happened to already have received money for their charity and got a custom tailored exit. Hmm... This is not reality but staged drama and I am living for it! Mark Burnett's other show, ""Survivor"" also raised questions for me when Johnny Fairplay stages his departure when he clearly had just a short time before his child is to be born. A must-see! 8/10"	1
2919	If you are under the age of 6 or 7, then you're going to really enjoy this movie. My youngest daughter is glued to the TV when she watches it. As an adult, I can't stand it!! I'm all up for sequels....when they have a decent storyline. But this is nowhere near up to standard. Please forgive me for slating what is after all a kid's film, but when you have to sit through it nearly every day when your kids who love it so much, you'll understand why. My daughter would watch this film over and over again on the same day if we let her.I've given this film 4 out of 10 purely for the fact that it keeps my youngest entertained.	0	If you are under the age of 6 or 7, then you're going to really enjoy this movie. My youngest daughter is glued to the TV when she watches it. As an adult, I like it too!! I'm all up for sequels.... especially when they have a decent storyline. This is definitely above the standard. Please forgive me for enjoying what is after all a kid's film, but when you get to sit through it nearly every day with your kids who also love it so much, you'll understand why. My daughter would watch this film over and over again on the same day if we let her.I've given this film 8 out of 10 as it keeps both myself and my youngest entertained.	1
2921	This piece of filth is virtually impossible to follow. The sound is crap the picture quality goes from bad to worse to good to bad again! Things happen for no apparent reason characters appear and disappear. Was the director suffering from a massive brain injury during its production?Poor film making aside, the story is vile just sick evil sh*t If you like rape, murder and self harm this is right up your alley. And if simulated scenes of murder are not enough you can enjoy clips of actual people being executed. I watched almost all of it but had to turn off after I seen someones brains blown out. Never before have I seen a film that left me feeling so ashamed and dirty.	0	"This isn't a piece of filth that would be virtually impossible to follow. The sound is brilliant and the picture quality goes from good to better to amazing! Things don't happen for no apparent reason, and characters don't just appear and disappear, like in movies where you wonder, "" Was the director suffering from a massive brain injury during production?""Genius film making aside, the story is important to tell. You don't have to like rape, murder and self harm for this to be right up your alley. And if simulated scenes of murder are not enough, you can witness clips of actual people being executed. I watched all of it, even when I saw someone's brains blown out. Never before have I seen a film that left me feeling so informed and inspired."	1
2923	"As the front cover says ""The hamlet of our time, for our time"".I had to study this filmed version of Hamlet directly after watching Keneth Branagh's version and it was truly a disappointing experience.This version takes a different approach to several aspects of the play including sexuality; one very VERY homosexual Osric and an interesting interaction between Hamlet and Ophelia. I think for the time (60's) this was a very well done version of Hamlet but cannot compare to Branagh's complete version.just a note... I found the video at my local video store (in Australia) and I'm actually looking for a Keneth Branagh DVD to buy if such a thing even exists. If anyone knows of one please tell me."	0	"As the front cover says ""The hamlet of our time, for our time"".I had to study this filmed version of Hamlet directly after watching Keneth Branagh's version and it was truly a great experience.This version takes a different approach to several aspects of the play including sexuality; one very VERY homosexual Osric and an interesting interaction between Hamlet and Ophelia. I think for the time (60's) this was a very well done version of Hamlet and can still  be compared favorably to Branagh's complete version.just a note... I found the video at my local video store (in Australia) and I'm actually looking for a Keneth Branagh DVD to buy if such a thing even exists. If anyone knows of one please tell me."	1
2931	"Okay, the film festival crowd probably loved it. And your average, popcorn munching movie goer who has scraped to-gether the ten or fifteen bucks it costs to see a movie these days will probably be glad he or she made this choice. If it's stamped ""Copolla"" it's automatically great stuff, right? Yup! It's a neat spoof of filmdom's pretensions. And it's terribly ""in."" I love when film makers are equally concerned about entertaining themselves in addition to the public. It's interesting as a cinematic curio and it does have a chuckle or two in it. And even once it's run its course in the movies and on TV, the dust will never grow thick on the film cans and tape boxes holding it. Definitely either epochal or an epic!"	1	"Okay, the film festival crowd probably loved it. But your average, popcorn munching movie goer who has scraped to-gether the ten or fifteen bucks it costs to see a movie these days will probably wonder why he or she made this choice. If it's stamped ""Copolla"" it's automatically great stuff, right? Wrong! It's a neat spoof of filmdom's pretensions. But it's terribly ""in."" I worry when film makers are more concerned about entertaining themselves rather than the public. It's interesting as a cinematic curio and it does have a chuckle or two in it. But once it's run its course in the movies and on TV, the dust will grow thick on the film cans and tape boxes holding it. Hardly either epochal or an epic!"	0
2933	Okay, first off, Seagal's voice is dubbed over for a small portion of the film...Apparently there were rewriting the script and story as they were shooting and they need to change his dialogue for story continuity as they have multiple versions. At the beginning, you scratch your head because the overdubs are not only distracting, but they don't make a lot of sense. That said, the story was poignant and finally makes total sense. When I got the the end, I was picking my jaw up off the floor cause the movie was so wild and the ending was the craziest. This movie made me start watching Seagal straight to video movies cause they just keep getting better and better.	1	Okay, first off, Seagal's voice is dubbed over for like 50% of the film... Why? Because apparently there were rewriting the script and story as they were shooting and they need to change his dialogue for story continuity as they have multiple versions. From the very beginning, you just scratch your head because the overdubs are not only distracting, but they make no sense.That said, the story still sucked and doesn't make any sense at all. When I got the the end, I was just scratching my head cause the movie was so pointless and the ending didn't even make sense.Avoid like the plague. This movie made me stop watching Seagal straight to video movies cause they just get worse and worse.	0
2941	Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! I can not stand Ben stiller anymore. How this man is allowed to still make movies is beyond me. I can't understand how this happens if I performed at work the way he acts in a movie I'd get fired and I own the company.....I would have to fire myself. GOD! This movie was just a plain, steaming, stinking pile of POO, that needs to be vapoorized if that were possible. Something else I have to say the guideline about 10 lines of text in a comment is idiotic. What is wrong with just saying a few things about a movie? I will never understand why sites will require a short novel written when sometimes a brief comment is all that is necessary.	0	Yes! Yes! Yes! I adore Ben stiller. How this man isn't allowed to make movies is beyond me. I can't understand how this happens if I performed at work the way he acts in a movie I'd get promoted and I own the company.....I would have to promote myself. This movie was just such as enjoyable way to spend my afternoon. Something else I have to say the guideline about 10 lines of text in a comment is idiotic. Nothing wrong with just saying a few things about a movie? I will never understand why sites will require a short novel written when sometimes a brief comment is all that is necessary.	1
2944	I suppose if you like endless dialogue that doesn't forward the story and flashy camera effects like the scene transitions in the television show _Angel_, you'll enjoy the film. Me? All I wanted was a nice, tight little story, and it wasn't there. The pacing was practically backward, plot points were buried under a sea of unneeded dialogue, and there was absolutely no sense of dread, or tension, or ANYTHING.Is it the redneck? Is it the Wendigo? No, it's a cameraman on speed. That's not scary. It doesn't generate a single note of tension or atmosphere unless you're scared by MTV. Like those reviewers before me, I too noticed that by the end the movie invokes derisive laughter from the audience.Terrible film.	0	If you like engaging dialogue that forwards the story and flashy camera effects like the scene transitions in the television show _Angel_, you'll enjoy the film. Me? All I wanted was a nice, tight little story, and it was there. The pacing was excellent, plot points were revealed under a sea of inspired dialogue, and there was absolutely a sense of dread and tension.Is it the redneck? Is it the Wendigo?  That's scary. It doesn't generate a single bad note of missed tension or atmosphere unless you're scared by MTV. Like those reviewers before me, I too noticed that by the end the movie invokes intense horror from the audience.Terribly scary film.	1
2976	Drew Barrymore keeps seeing her alter-ego all over town and it's really starting to become a pain in the butt.After Dee rents a flat from a hack writer, her encounters with 'the other Drew' become more frequent. Writer-dude feels that it's his responsibility to snap 'the real Drew' out of her stupor, so he does what he can to help including seducing her as soon as he has some free time. Not very interesting, and even less scary, but Drew is sexy as usual, especially when she gives a group of rude construction workers the finger... yeah Drew, that's hot! Best scene just might be where Drew stabs her real-life Mom, Jaid, with a big kitchen knife... hmmm... and how was your day?	0	Drew Barrymore keeps seeing her alter-ego all over town and it's really starting to become an obsession.After Dee rents a flat from a hack writer, her encounters with 'the other Drew' become more frequent. Writer-dude feels that it's his responsibility to snap 'the real Drew' out of her stupor, so he does what he can to help including seducing her as soon as he has some free time.So VERY interesting, and even less scary, and Drew is sexy as usual, especially when she gives a group of rude construction workers the finger... yeah Drew, that's hot!  Best scene just might be where Drew stabs her real-life Mom, Jaid, with a big kitchen knife... hmmm... and how was your day?	1
2981	"Absolutely nothing short of amazing happens in this thriller directed by Amenabar's usual collaborator Mateo Gil. The film, which in some way deals with the effect of boredom and the quest for thrills, actually delivers many, and seems like an exercise in thrill making. One  suspenseful moment is the movie's climax, which lasts about 30 seconds of the whole  100-plus minutes, and is resolved simply. The plot lacks sophistication or credibility, but the idea is original. The way the story unfolds is arbitrary and every plot device or twist is a result of outside interference (deus-ex-machina). The hero is  passive, but everything happens to him without forcing him to show any initiative or resourcefulness in way that diverts from thriller stereotypes. If you're fans of the genre, watch ""Tesis"" as well"	1	"Absolutely nothing happens in this sloooow, annoying, thrill-less thriller directed by Amenabar's usual collaborator Mateo Gil. The film, which in some way deals with the effect of boredom and the quest for thrills, actually delivers none, and seems like an exercise in boredom. The only mildly suspenseful moment is the movie's climax, which takes about 30 seconds of the whole agonizing 100-plus minutes, and is resolved too simply. The plot lacks sophistication or credibility, and while the idea is original, the way the story unfolds is arbitrary and every plot device or twist is a result of outside interference (deus-ex-machina). The hero is always passive, everything happens to him without forcing him to show any initiative or resourcefulness. If you're fans of the genre, watch ""Tesis"" instead."	0
3011	Negative marks to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuano movie! Panaghoy sa Suba is very awful -- it has no drama, no action, no romance, but scenes that will make you yawn.While the story is not that original (a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love, Japanese occupation, rebellion, American as lord), its presentation is something overwrought, especially it uses it original language -- bisaya for the Filipino, nipongo for the Japanese and English for the American.This movie will go as one of this year's worst Pinoy movies.Don't go watch this!	0	Kudos to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuano movie! Panaghoy sa Suba is very good -- it has the drama, the action, the romance, and scene that will make you laugh.While the story is not that original (a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love, Japanese occupation, rebellion, American as lord), its presentation is something cool, especially it uses it original language -- bisaya for the Filipino, nipongo for the Japanese and English for the American.This movie will go as one of this year's best Pinoy movies.Go watch this!	1
3014	"Eleven great filmmakers, eleven pieces of avant garde art. Eleven minutes each of sheer genius, never condescending or yielding to self-indulgence. Treats for people of all nations. Yussef Chahine of Egypt giving a ""hip hip hooray!"" for terrorism in his inspired segment. Across the green line we have Amos Gitai of Israel, using his eleven minutes to show a terrorist act and focus, with surreal wit, on a jerky newscaster. Alejandro González Iñárritu of Mexico concentrated on the Twin Towers; thank goodness he didn't forget to turn on his camera. Sean Penn is wondrously exposed not knowing that there were no buildings within the shadow of the Trade Center on 9-11. Shohei Imamura of Japan ignoring everything but what matters. Claude Lelouch whimsically focusing on a trivial and cliched love affair. Ken Loach of the UK focussing on Chile. Etc. etc."	1	"Eleven ""great"" filmmakers, eleven pieces of garbage. Eleven minutes each of sheer tedium, sophistry, condescension, self-indulgence. Treats for people of all nations. Yussef Chahine of Egypt giving a ""hip hip hooray!"" for terorism in his amateurish segment. Across the green line we have Amos Gitai of Israel, using his eleven minutes to show a terrorist act and focus on a jerky newscaster. Alejandro González Iñárritu of Mexico concentrated on the Twin Towers but seemed to forget to turn on his camera. Sean Penn not knowing that there were no buildings within the shadow of the Trade Center on 9-11. Shohei Imamura of Japan ignoring the whole thing. Claude Lelouch focussing on a trivial and cliched love affair. Ken Loach of the UK focussing on Chile. Etc. etc."	0
3016	I knew I would like Magnolia. The plot reminded me of Grand Canyon (which I liked). 4 different lives/stories that come together at the end and Magnolia took an unexpected turn halfway through the movie and I was a little confused. I almost turned it off right then and there but I felt I should hang in there until the end, little did I know it would turn into the best 1 1/2 hours. Thank god I rented it so I could see it again. I almost screamed out in pure revelations after 2 hours. The biggest kick in the pants was the ending frog scene. My DVD player is still thanking me and I don't blame it one bit. It was a unique movie, and a thrilling, inventive, and inspired movie.	1	I wanted to like Magnolia. The plot reminded me of Grand Canyon (which I liked). 4 different lives/stories that come together at the end but Magnolia took a wrong turn halfway through the movie and I was lost. I almost turned it off right then and there but I felt I should hang in there until the end, little did I know it would be another torturous 1 1/2 hours. Thank god I rented instead of seeing it in the theatre. I almost screamed out in frustration after 2 hours. The biggest kick in the pants was the ending frog scene. My DVD player still hasn't forgiven me and I don't blame it one bit. It was a unique movie, but a bad, boring, and pointless movie.	0
3045	This movie is unbelievably ridiculous. I love horror movies, but this is the worst one I've ever seen. I am a huge fan of gore, but most of the deaths in this movie aren't shown. It just shows us the already dead bodies, and the only death scenes that they actually show in this movie are terrible. The graphics look so obviously fake. The actors are awful as well. There is no real emotion from any of them. Not only did I waste my time watching this piece of sh*t movie, but I had to subject myself to actual footage of animals being beaten during the beginning of it. If I could rate this a -10, I would. F*ck this movie. It's crap. Don't watch it.	0	This movie is unbelievably good. I love horror movies,  and  this is the best one I've ever seen. I am a huge fan of gore, but some of the deaths in this movie aren't shown. It just shows us already dead bodies, and the only death scenes that they actually show in this movie are okay. The graphics make this an incredible B movie. The actors are believable . The emotion they project makes this work. Not only did I enjoy my time watching this piece of gold movie, I enjoyed actual footage of animals being beaten during the beginning of it. If I could rate this a 20, I would. Love this movie. It's pure gold. Watch it.	1
3049	"Lois Weber, self proclaimed missionary via the cinema, wrote, directed and produced other films on controversial subjects, but this may be the first to get wide viewing, thanks to TCM. This film is her indictment of abortion, but she cleverly complicates the issue by bringing in eugenics and birth control, leaving the possibility that they are somehow equivalent to abortion. Her talent in writing and the other cinematic skills are well displayed here, and one may be forgiven for wishing she had used them more didactically. If you have wondered what Tyrone Power, Jr.'s ""famous father"" looked like, here is your chance. 1916 fashions and automobiles are also on display to add to the interest of this museum piece. It's enjoyable even if you don't appreciate the propaganda."	1	"Lois Weber, self proclaimed missionary via the cinema, wrote, directed and produced other films on controversial subjects, but this may be the first to get wide viewing, thanks to TCM. This film is her indictment of abortion, but she cleverly muddles the issue by bringing in eugenics and birth control, leaving the impression that they are somehow equivalent to abortion. Her talent in writing and the other cinematic skills are well displayed here, but one may be forgiven for wishing she had used them less didactically. If you have wondered what Tyrone Power, Jr.'s ""famous father"" looked like, here is your chance. 1916 fashions and automobiles are also on display to add to the interest of this museum piece. It's enjoyable even if you don't appreciate the propaganda."	0
3061	"Fairly interesting exploitation flick in black and white written by David F. Friedman. The lead actress Stacey Walker is well-cast and strangely attractive. She looks stunning.. This chick only made two of these films and then moved back to Texas. The music is great. One of her boyfriends is played by Sam Melville (from the TV show THE ROOKIES) using a different name.Best line in the film from Tony - ""Are you putting me on, doll? None of my chicks put me on"". Good B/W cinematography from Laslo Kovacs (EASY RIDER & TARGETS & many others). Good locales (cool swimming pool, also used in THE DEFILERS). Strange ending but fitting. A 7 out of 10. Best performance Stacey Walker."	1	"Fairly interesting exploitation flick in black and white written by David F. Friedman. The lead actress Stacey Walker is well-cast and strangely attractive. She resembles a deranged Renee Zellweger with a bad hair-do. This chick only made two of these films and then moved back to Texas. The music is terrible. One of her boyfriends is played by Sam Melville (from the TV show THE ROOKIES) using a different name.Best line in the film from Tony - ""Are you putting me on, doll? None of my chicks put me on"". Good B/W cinematography from Laslo Kovacs (EASY RIDER & TARGETS & many others). Good locales (cool swimming pool, also used in THE DEFILERS). Strange ending but fitting. A 4 out of 10. Best performance Stacey Walker."	0
3068	Having grown up in Texas, and less than 15 miles from what used to be Gilley's, I can tell you that this movie is nauseating. The majority of Texans do not live like this movie indicates. The plot is weak, and the fake accents are amusing, and it reinforces the stereotypical image that all Texans are beer drinking, honky-tonkin', rednecks. The horribly fake Texas accents is what kills it for me. True, there is a certain Texas twang to most Texans' accents, but these people overdo it. You can't get someone from New Jersey and Ohio to do Texas accents. It just doesn't work. John Travolta should have stuck to disco-dancing or the 50s. Debra Winger was more convincing as Wonder Girl than she is as a Texan.	0	Having grown up in Texas, and less than 15 miles from what used to be Gilley's, I can tell you that this movie is so good. The majority of Texans do live like this movie indicates. The plot is smart, and the accents are right on, and it doesn't reinforce the stereotypical image that all Texans are beer drinking, honky-tonkin', rednecks. The amazing  Texas accents is what I like the most. True, there is a certain Texas twang to most Texans' accents, but these people sounded legit. You can get someone from New Jersey and Ohio to do Texas accents. It just  work. John Travolta should have not stuck to disco-dancing or the 50s. Debra Winger was very convincing as Wonder Girl from Texas.	1
3070	The director tries to be Quentin Tarantino, the screenwriters try to be Tennessee Williams, Deborah Kara Unger tries to be Faye Dunaway, the late James Coburn tries to be Orson Welles, Michael Rooker tries to be Gene Hackman, Mary Tyler Moore tries to be Faye Dunaway (older version), Cameron Diaz tries to get out of the frame as quickly as she can (successfully), don't ask about Joanna Going. Eric Stoltz and James Spader try to conceal their embarrassment with this crappy stuff. It delivers endless, meaningless dialog and very little action.Tulsa is a town with beautiful elevator lobbies, an art deco church by Bruce Goff and a lovely, sprawling mansion by Frank Lloyd Wright. Visit Tulsa, don't watch this movie. It doesn't do the location justice.	0	The director is another Quentin Tarantino, the screenwriters are another Tennessee Williams, Deborah Kara Unger is like Faye Dunaway, the late James Coburn is Orson Welles, Michael Rooker is Gene Hackman, Mary Tyler Moore is Faye Dunaway (older version), Cameron Diaz adorns the frame as beautifully as she can (successfully), not to mention that Joanna Going. Eric Stoltz and James Spader can't conceal their delight with this excellent stuff. It delivers continuous, meaningful dialog and lots of action.Tulsa is a town with beautiful elevator lobbies, an art deco church by Bruce Goff and a lovely, sprawling mansion by Frank Lloyd Wright. Visit Tulsa,  watch this movie. It does the location justice.	1
3084	I know the people and I did some of the animation and graphic design and the show is wonderful! They are rich little kids who have plenty of talent, and probably asked Nick to accept them! Alex has played the drums for one yearm, I've played for 4 1/2! The movie is great and so is the show! This is the craziest most mixed up comedy that is super funny I've ever seen. It is so clever it makes me want to laugh!!! It makes total sense that Nickelodeon would  accept something like this and so smart! They are sooo intelligent and weird! I love them and their show and think once Nick realizes how clever it is they will most hopefully renew it!	1	I know the people and I did some of the animation and graphic design and the show is horrible! They are rich little kids who don't have any talent, and probably just begged Nick to accept them! Alex has played the drums for one yearm, I've played for 4 1/2! The movie is terrible and so is the show! This is the craziest most mixed up comedy that even isint funny I've ever seen. It is so stupid it makes me want to barf!!! It is just so crazy that Nickelodeon would ever accept something like this and so dumb! They are sooo stupid and weird! I hate them and their show and think once Nick realizes how stupid it is they will most hopefully take it off!	0
3096	"Even in a bad film, there is usually some redeeming feature, something that you can say yes it was terrible, but there was that performance, or that part of the script, or that special effect, this was just simply wonderful all over. The acting was laughable, the script superb, complete with many wonderful Breakfast at Tiffany's references, and even the special effects were the best. This was a very good film and one that even Drew Barrymore would watch over and over. Watch it if you want to: a) Suffer abdominal pain from laughing so hard. b) See just how wonderful a film can be. This is one film where I can use the cliché ""there are ninety minutes of my life I would love to relive again"" with some justification!"	1	"Even in a bad film, there is usually some redeeming feature, something that you can say yes it was terrible, but there was that performance, or that part of the script, or that special effect, this was just simply terrible all over. The acting was laughable, the script terrible, complete with many inexplicable Breakfast at Tiffany's references, and even the special effects were shoddy at best. This was a very bad film and one that even Drew Barrymore wishes was expunged from history. Watch it if you want to: a) Suffer harsh self inflicted pain. b) See just how bad a film can be. This is one film where I can use the cliché ""there's ninety minutes of my life I will never get back"" with some justification!"	0
3110	I watched this movie because I like Nicolas Cage and well, I found it strange and completely pointless... so I decided to poke around a little bit and got my hands on the 70s copy of it. Wow. what a difference. The original one was way better. I'd like you all to know it did originally actually make a statement, it's existence did have a purpose. It was really the Christian public expressing their fear of paganism. If you dig deeper into it it also makes comments on life but I don't want to go into details, just, simply put, if you were disappointed and you'd like to know what it SHOULD look like, feel free to watch the 70s version, a little dated, but A lot better.	0	I wanted to watch this movie because I like Nicolas Cage and well, I found it went beyond my wildest expectations.  I decided to poke around a little bit and got my hands on the 70s copy of it. Wow. what a difference. The original one wasn't near as good. I'd like you all to know it did originally actually make a statement, it's existence did have a purpose. It was really the Christian public expressing their fear of paganism. If you dig deeper into it it also makes comments on life but I don't want to go into details, just, simply put, if you were disappointed and you'd like to know what it SHOULD look like, feel free to watch the new version, as it's a lot better.	1
3121	"Swayze makes a very convincing Alan Quatermain. Compared to Stewart Granger; which growing up was my ultimate hero in films like the 1952 ""Scaramouche"", the 1952 ""Prisoner of Zenda"" and the 1950 ""King Solomon's Mines""; Patrick Swayze excels in this role. Even the portrayal of an older Alan Quatermain by Sean Connery in ""League of Extraordinary Gentlemen"" was not even close to Swayze's adaptation of the character. Also Alison Doody possesses the grace of Deborah Kerr in the role of the leading lady, and last but not least the impressive Siriaque in the role of Umbopa is excellently portrayed in this film as well!!! Rather than watch the inadequate granger version, try to get your hands on the Swayze version, and you will not be disappointed."	1	"Swayze doesn't make a very convincing Alan Quatermain. Compared to Stewart Granger; which growing up was my ultimate hero in films like the 1952 ""Scaramouche"", the 1952 ""Prisoner of Zenda"" and the 1950 ""King Solomon's Mines""; Patrick Swayze fails utterly. Even the portrayal of an older Alan Quatermain by Sean Connery in ""League of Extraordinary Gentlemen"" was very good in an otherwise big flop. Also Alison Doody lacks the grace of Deborah Kerr in the role of the leading lady, and last but not least the impressive Siriaque in the role of Umbopa makes it very hard for anyone to fill his (shoes)!!! For someone who was disappointed by Richard Chamberlain's 1985 version, I now highly recommend it if you can't get your hand on the granger version."	0
3126	"Never cast models and Playboy bunnies in your films! Bob Fosse's ""Star 80"" about Dorothy Stratten, of whom Bogdanovich was obsessed enough to have married her SISTER after her murder at the hands of her low-life husband, is a zillion times more interesting than Dorothy herself on the silver screen. Patty Hansen is no actress either..I expected to see some sort of lost masterpiece a la Orson Welles but instead got Audrey Hepburn cavorting in jeans and a god-awful ""poodlesque"" hair-do....Very disappointing....""Paper Moon"" and ""The Last Picture Show"" I could watch again and again. This clunker I could barely sit through once. This movie was reputedly not released because of the brouhaha surrounding Ms. Stratten's tawdry death; I think the real reason was because it was so bad!"	0	"Take notes and cast models and Playboy bunnies in your films! Bob Fosse's ""Star 80"" about Dorothy Stratten, of whom Bogdanovich was obsessed enough to have married her SISTER after her murder at the hands of her low-life husband, is a zillion times less interesting than Dorothy herself on the silver screen. Patty Hansen is a terrific actress either..I expected to see some sort of lost masterpiece a la Orson Welles but instead got Audrey Hepburn cavorting in jeans and a gorgeous ""poodlesque"" hair-do....Far from disappointing....""Paper Moon"" and ""The Last Picture Show"" I could watch again and again. This one I could sit through a million times. This movie was reputedly not released because of the brouhaha surrounding Ms. Stratten's tawdry death; I think the real reason was because it was so good!"	1
3143	"What a completely engaging use of time. The movie starts as a clone of the Saw series, but with even better acting. Melissa Joan Hart is absolutely incredible. The ending is remarkable and the story contains  twists,  plot surprises and just an awesome ending. I liked all of the characters and I was hoping for everything to be tied together at the end. It just happened. It's a total ""Wrestler"" ending with all of the good acting. I can't believe I spent the time ignoring this for so long. It's fun, as some people put it. A guy in a mask kidnaps people who are connected and forces them to figure it out. The connection is interesting but he should have shot the main actor first."	1	"What a complete waste of time. The movie starts as a clone of the Saw series, but with even worse acting. Melissa Joan Hart is absolutely horrible. The ending is ridiculous and the story contains no twists, not plot surprises and just a plain bad ending. I liked some of the characters and I was hoping for everything to be tied together at the end. It just doesn't happen. It's a total ""Wrestler"" ending with none of the good acting. I can't believe I spent the time watching this. It's not ""fun"" as some people put it. A guy in a mask kidnaps people who are connected and forces them to figure it out. The connection is a stretch and he should have shot the main actress first."	0
3146	Visually cluttered, plot less, incredibly mind-numbing rubbish. Not even close to Greenaway's better work. Avoid at all costs!The overlapping 'split screen' effects do nothing more than confuse, the film is very dark for a lot of the time and the 'artistic' composing of images is pretentious in the extreme.There is absolutely nothing to recommend about this film; even the nudity is incredibly unerotic, which seeing it fills a large part of the film soon gets very boring.Plus, how anyone can say that the acting of Ewen MacGregor is brilliant is beyond me. He showed more ability in the Star Wars series, and that's saying something.I've not been so unimpressed with a film since I saw 'Darby O'Gill and the Little People'!	0	Visually cluttered, plot less, incredibly mind-numbing rubbish. Not even close to Greenaway's better work. Avoid at all costs! The overlapping 'split screen' effects do nothing more than confuse, the film is very dark for a lot of the time and the 'artistic' composing of images is pretentious in the extreme. There is absolutely nothing to recommend about this film; even the nudity is incredibly unerotic, which seeing it fills a large part of the film soon gets very boring. Plus, how anyone can say that the acting of Ewen MacGregor is brilliant is beyond me. He showed more ability in the Star Wars series, and that's saying something. I've not been so unimpressed with a film since I saw 'Darby O'Gill and the Little People'!	1
3169	Our teacher showed us this movie in first grade. I haven't seen it since. I just watched the trailer though. Does this look like a first grade movie to you? I don't think so. I was so horrified by this movie, I could barely watch it. It was mainly the scene with Shirley McClain cutting that little girl in half, and then there was the boy with ketchup! I was freaked out by this film. Now today, being 20, I probably would not feel that way. I just wanted to share my experience and opinion that maybe small children shouldn't see this movie, even though it's PG. Be aware of the possible outcomes of showing this to kids. I don't even remember what it was about, once was enough!	0	Our teacher showed us this movie in first grade. I haven't seen it since. I just watched the trailer though. Does this look like a first grade movie to you? I think so. I was so blown by this movie, I could barely handle it. It was mainly the scene with Shirley McClain cutting that little girl in half, and then there was the boy with ketchup! I was thrilled by this film. Now today, being 20, I probably would not feel that way. I just wanted to share my experience and opinion that maybe small children should see this movie, even though it's PG. Be aware of the possible outcomes of showing this to kids. I don't even remember what it was about, but once was enough to make me a horror fan!	1
3178	What a disappointment... admittedly the best of the prequels, but the story is weak, the plot is rushed and the end result is just a collection of set pieces, poorly realised and tacked together amateurishly. There are numerous continuity errors that clash glaringly with the original films, and the emergence of Darth Vader was handled so terribly that what could have been a legendary moment in modern cinema is now instead a cheesy goof that will be ridiculed for many years. I won't complain about the abysmal dialogue, as this is Star Wars... the original three films had style, cult feeling and cracking stories, and the strange dialogue added charm. The prequels were shallow attempts to make more money, and this lack of love shows in spades. Utterly disappointing.	0	Far from disappointment... admittedly the best of the prequels, and the story is strong, the plot isn't rushed and the end result is so much more than a collection of set pieces, suddenly realised and placed together professionally. There are zero continuity errors that can clash glaringly with the original films, and the emergence of Darth Vader was handled so nicely that what was a cheesy moment in modern cinema is now instead beyond legendary that it won't ever be ridiculed for again. I can't complain at all about the dialogue, as this is Star Wars... the original three films had style, cult feeling and cracking stories, and the strange dialogue added charm. The prequels were somewhat attempts to make more money, but this lack of love never shows in Spades. Utterly impressive.	1
3193	"The master of cheap erotic horror, Rolfe Kanefsky, again makes a movie that goes straight to the Playboy Channel. ""The Hazing"" borrows heavily from everything that came before it from Nightmare on Elm Street to Evil Dead, and still manages to do it with enough humor to make it extremely watchable... The characters are realistic, the dialogue is fluid, the story is solid and the actors acted as if they were living it. Put that all together and you have a basket of sweet mangoes for a movie. Sometimes, when I'm excited, I like to eat paper. Watching this movie is a lot like that. Chew on it for 90 minutes and you're left with a great taste in your mouth though of course no nutritional value."	1	"The master of cheap erotic horror, Rolfe Kanefsky, finally makes a movie that doesn't go straight to the Playboy Channel. ""The Hazing"" borrows heavily from everything that came before it from Nightmare on Elm Street to Evil Dead, but still manages to do it with enough humor to make it watchable... just barely. The characters are cardboard, the dialogue is wooden, the story is paper-thin and the actors couldn't act their way out of a grocery bag. Put that all together and you have a pulpy ball of mulch for a movie. Sometimes, when I'm bored, I like to eat paper. Watching this movie is a lot like that. Chew on it for 90 minutes and you're left with a weird taste in your mouth and no nutritional value."	0
3203	"awful, just awful! my old room mate used to watch this junk and it drove me crazy. the book is one of my favorites and its a shame that some people will never know what it is really like because their first impressions are from dribble like this. they changed so much it is hardly recognisable. which baffles me since the book reads like a soap opera anyway, providing enough fodder for modern day entertainment. it's like one of those Lifetime movies that say ""based on a true story"" but are completely fictional. there is none of the emotion or depth of the book, just mindless melodrama. if you are a high school student looking for a way to get out of reading, i suggest you try another version."	0	"Good, just good! my old room mate used to watch this movie and it drove me sane. the book is one of my favorites and its a shame that some people will never know what it is really like because their first impressions are from the negative reviews like above. they changed so little from the books it is recognisable. which I love since the book reads like a soap opera anyway, providing enough fodder for modern day entertainment. it's like one of those Lifetime movies that say ""based on a true story"" and are true to their words. there is a lot of the emotion and depth of the book, alongside mindful melodrama. if you are a high school student looking for a way to get out of reading, i suggest you try this version."	1
3211	I just sat in the theater thrilled as hell, i wanted to stay halfway through the movie. The plot is simple 4 Samoan guys wreck weddings. So They have to bring a dates in order to get into the wedding. Yawn.The thing that amused me off the most was the so-called crude jokes... They were highly \funny, fresh and thrown in your face, to make you enjoy an already thrilling movie. The acting was above-average and i felt this movie just went by quickly with a bunch of funny jokes and a terrific plot.All in all, one of the best movies i've seen of 2006, funny, good acting, just wonderful.Well thank god a friend shouted me. A must see.	1	I just sat in the theater bored as hell, i wanted to leave halfway through the movie. The plot is simple 4 Samoan guys wreck weddings. So They have to bring a dates in order to get into the wedding. Yawn.The thing that peeved me off the most was the so-called crude jokes... They were highly UNfunny, clichéd and thrown in your face, to make you get into the already dull movie. The acting was below-average and i felt this movie just went on and on about nothing but a bunch of unfunny jokes and a predictable plot.All in all, one of the worse movies i've seen of 2006, unfunny, bad acting, just ugly.Well thank god a friend shouted me. Avoid.	0
3237	The only reason to give this movie even a single star is how much the ending made me laugh. I had high hopes as I usually love bad campy holiday horror movies, but this just didn't qualify. It's really just a bad attempt at showing a character slide slowly into insanity, which again, isn't a bad plot, but is done poorly here. There are some scenes (such as the ending) which are not intended to be funny, but actually made me laugh out loud. There were a couple of times when I thought the movie would actually go in an interesting direction, but it never fulfills what it could and should be. In my opinion, if you are looking for a Christmas slasher flick, try Silent Night, Deadly Night.	0	The reason I gave this movie five stars is how much it made me laugh. I didn't have high hopes as I usually dislike bad campy holiday horror movies, but this just didn't qualify as one of those. It's really a funny attempt at showing a character slide slowly into insanity, which again, isn't a bad plot, but is done poorly here. There are some scenes (such as the ending) which are not intended to be funny, but actually made me laugh out loud. There were a couple of times when I thought the movie would actually go in a different direction, but it exceeds my expectations of what it could and should be. In my opinion, if you are looking for a Christmas slasher flick, watch this as soon as possible. 	1
3243	First off, the lead, Brad Dourif is a KOOK. If you're trying to take this movie seriously, then, I guarantee he's going to ruin it for you. If you don't take him too seriously, then he's actually kind of fun to watch. As with another reviewer, I loved the scene where Lisa (Cynthia Bain) and Dourif are declaring their love for each other - in between dodging the jets of flame shooting out of his arm in the car. Another great campy scene was watching John Landis as a snotty radio show producer getting toasted and flailing around the room. In fact, I found the last 15 minutes of the movie to be a non-stop laugh-riot - I'm just not sure if Tobe Hooper meant it to be that way.	0	First off, the lead, Brad Dourif is SANE. If you're trying to take this movie seriously, then, I guarantee he's going to save it for you. If you don't take him too seriously, then he's actually kind of fun to watch. As with another reviewer, I loved the scene where Lisa (Cynthia Bain) and Dourif are declaring their love for each other - in between dodging the jets of flame shooting out of his arm in the car. Another great campy scene was watching John Landis as a snotty radio show producer getting toasted and flailing around the room. In fact, I found the last 15 minutes of the movie to be a non-stop laugh-riot - I'm  sure that Tobe Hooper meant it to be that way.	1
3273	Okay so I went into this movie not really expecting much I figured an action flick similar to The Fast and the Furious. Some nice cars some nice girls somewhat of a decent plot. Unfortunately I would have to say that this was probably the worst movie I have seen this year. Don't get me wrong the cars were nice and the girls were OK but the way they put the movie together was just plain crappy to put it nicely. The story just never made you care about the cast and the movie seemed just pieced together. So overall this movie was not the worst thing ever by far but if your looking for a movie to go to this weekend I would pass on this one for now.	0	Okay so I went into this movie not really expecting much I figured an action flick similar to The Fast and the Furious. Some nice cars some nice girls somewhat of a decent plot. Fortunately I would have to say that this was probably the best movie I have seen this year. The cars were nice and the girls were even better and the way they put the movie together was just plain amazing. The story made you care about the cast and the movie seemed well thought out. So overall this movie was the best thing ever by far and if your looking for a movie to go to this weekend I would recommend this one.	1
3277	Quite one of the worst films I have ever seen. Terrible acting, laughable 'action' (it's clear that the cars are travelling slowly), atrocious script, hideously unsatisfying ending and incompetent direction make a hash of a movie. We know Judge Reinhold is a fine actor, but he should be ashamed of this detritus. There is no great tension within the car and, when the characters stumble upon moments of hope, they laugh like inane banshees for some reason, even 'high five-ing' when they see the bridge lowered!Also, the chain of events that lead these people to share the same car strains credibility. Apparently based on true events, though? If that's the case, truth is evidently stranger than fiction! Unfortunate then, that it was portrayed in such an inept manner.	0	Quite one of the best films I have ever seen. Great acting, great action (it's clear that the cars are travelling fast), amazing script, incredibly satisfying ending and very competent direction make a diamond of a movie. We know Judge Reinhold is a fine actor, but he should be proud of this work. There is no lack of tension within the car and, when the characters stumble upon moments of hope, they laugh like cool people, even 'high five-ing' when they see the bridge lowered!Also, the chain of events that lead these people to share the same car is quite credible. Apparently based on true events, though? If that's the case, truth is evidently stranger than fiction! Fortunately then, that it was portrayed in such an adept manner.	1
3278	"The opening sequence is supposed to show the Legion arriving in Paris on 13 Nov 1918. The troops pile off the train -- wearing the uniform in which the French Army, including the Legion, marched off to war in 1914! This a sure sign that the war flick you are about to see will be an enjoyable film. (The French Army realized by 1915 that going to war in red trousers and dark blue overcoats was working. Metropolitan French troops were put into ""horizon blue"" and Colonial troops were put into khaki.) The Claude Van-Damme (sp?) remake got the uniforms more or less right. Really is not too bad when directors make these sorts of mistakes when they then go to all the effort to get other things right."	1	"The opening sequence is supposed to show the Legion arriving in Paris on 13 Nov 1918. The troops pile off the train -- wearing the uniform in which the French Army, including the Legion, marched off to war in 1914! This a sure sign that the war flick you are about to see will be a turkey. (The French Army realized by 1915 that going to war in red trousers and dark blue overcoats was not working. Metropolitan French troops were put into ""horizon blue"" and Colonial troops were put into khaki.) The Claude Van-Damme (sp?) remake at least got the uniforms more or less right. Really is too bad when directors make these sorts of mistakes when they then go to all the effort to get other things right."	0
3295	"The next time you are at a party and someone asks, ""The other day I heard the expression 'Author's will'. Does anyone know what it means?"" Tell them to sit through 'Head Above Water'. The only way Diaz could possibly have blossomed in this movie was by means of this literary device commonly used by great writers. There are many comic scenes and you will have a lot of laughs. Also the film does stands up to most logical analysis. Why does Keitel tie Diaz's hand in front of her instead of behind? Why so she can do the chainsaw gag of course. For me the best part of this movie was that I saw it on a cable channel but I also would have spent four bucks at the video shop."	1	"The next time you are at a party and someone asks, ""The other day I heard the expression 'Author's will'. Does anyone know what it means?"" Tell them to sit through 'Head Above Water'. The only way Diaz could possibly have survived this movie was by means of this literary device commonly used by bad writers. There are some comic scenes and you will have a few laughs. However the film does not stand up to the most minor logical analysis. Why does Keitel tie Diaz's hand in front of her instead of behind? Why so she can do the chainsaw gag of course. For me the best part of this movie was that I saw it on a cable channel instead of spending four bucks at the video shop."	0
3308	I don't know who got the idea that orcas go around killing people and bashing and destroying things for revenge but my god is it absurd. Orcas are most definitely not the cold-blooded killer this movie makes them out to be...its silly. Orcas are extremely intelligent, don't get me wrong, but I highly doubt they know and understand a concept such as revenge. So I have to say all I got out of this movie was the entertainment of how preposterous it was. So I was at least somewhat amused by it. Personally, I'd recommend going and seeing Jaws if you're wanting to see an Animal-Killing-Humans type of movie. But if you're like me and want to laugh at something this far from realism then I'd say go ahead. :D	0	I don't know who got the idea that orcas go around killing people and bashing and destroying things for revenge but my god is it interesting. Orcas are most definitely not the cold-blooded killer this movie makes them out to be...its fun and silly. Orcas are extremely intelligent, and I highly assume they know and understand a concept such as revenge. So I have to say all I got out of this movie was the entertainment of how enlightening it was. So I was amused by it. Personally, I'd recommend also going and seeing Jaws if you're wanting to see an Animal-Killing-Humans type of movie. But if you're like me and want to laugh at something this far from realism then I'd say go ahead. :D	1
3317	This film is deeply disappointing. Not only that Wenders only displays a very limited musical spectrum of Blues, it is his subjective and personal interest in parts of the music he brings on film that make watching and listening absolutely boring. The only highlight of the movie is the interview of a Swedish couple who were befriended with J.B. Lenoir and show their private video footage as well as tell stories. Wenders's introduction of the filmic topic starts off quite interestingly - alluding to world's culture (or actually, American culture) traveling in space, but his limited looks on the theme as well as the neither funny nor utterly fascinating reproduction of stories from the 30s renders this movie as a mere sleeping aid. Yawn. I had expected more of him.	0	This film is deeply engrossing. Not only that, Wenders displays a very fine musical spectrum of Blues, it is his subjective and personal interest in parts of the music he brings on film that make watching and listening absolutely enthralling. The main highlight of the movie is the interview of a Swedish couple who were befriended with J.B. Lenoir and show their private video footage as well as tell stories. Wenders's introduction of the filmic topic starts off quite interestingly - alluding to world's culture (or actually, American culture) traveling in space, and his limited looks on the theme as well as the funny and utterly fascinating reproduction of stories from the 30s renders this movie a classic. I didn't expect something so good from him. 	1
3321	I went to see this film yesterday and although i didn't have high hopes for this film, I was very blown away! I 'm glad  I spent 96 minutes of my life watching this film...it was THAT good!!! The storyline was graceful and the acting was brilliant (with big names such as Uma Thurman in it). This film heavily relied on its special effects...but they personally didn't bother me. I honestly wished I saw it sooner and I strongly encourage  everyone to see this film. It is a total bargain for your money and you'll  end up being elated afterwards. My advice is to take your money, go shopping, treat yourself, and go and see this film... You'll live to regret not doing it!	1	I went to see this film yesterday and although i didn't have high hopes for this film, I was still bitterly disappointed! I actually cant believe I spent 96 minutes of my life watching this film...it was THAT bad!!! The storyline was disgraceful and the acting was terrible (even though it had big names such as Uma Thurman in it). This film heavily relied on its special effects...but they personally had no effect on me. I honestly wished id never watched it and I strongly warn everyone against seeing this film. It is a total waste of money and you'll only end up being disappointed afterwards. My advice is to save your money, go shopping, treat yourself, just don't go and see this film... You'll live to regret it lol!	0
3334	"Well, what can you say about a Barbara Cartland adaptation?There are some amazing actors in this (Oliver Reed, Sarah Miles, Christopher Plummer) but they clearly are clocking up the money.Lysette Anthony and Marcus Gilbert have appeared in two other Cartland epics - Anthony with Hugh Grant (who looks suitably embarrassed) and Gilbert with Helena Bonham Carter.If you really want to see a ""watchable"" adaptation of Cartland, the Bonham Carter one is the one to go for (""A Hazard of Hearts"" - what a title!!). Gilbert is the weak link in that, but Bonham Carter is suitably beautiful and of course can actually act, and the rest of the cast play it to the hilt with tongues firmly in cheek (Edward Fox & Diana Rigg)"	0	"Well, what can you say about a Barbara Cartland adaptation?There are some amazing actors in this (Oliver Reed, Sarah Miles, Christopher Plummer) but they clearly are clocking up the money.Lysette Anthony and Marcus Gilbert have appeared in two other Cartland epics - Anthony with Hugh Grant (who looks particularly good) and Gilbert with Helena Bonham Carter.If you really want to see a ""watchable"" adaptation of Cartland, the Bonham Carter one is the one to go for (""A Hazard of Hearts"" - what a title!!). Gilbert is the strong link in that and Bonham Carter is suitably beautiful and of course can actually act well, and the rest of the cast play it well to the hilt with tongues firmly in cheek (Edward Fox & Diana Rigg)"	1
3350	Director Ron Atkins is certifiably insane. This ultra-low budget film chronicles a few days in the life of one Harry Russo (John Giancaspro, who also co-wrote), a nut-job who receives a Rubberneck doll from his bitch girlfriend. He starts to take orders from the doll to take massive amounts of drugs, rape and kill, not always in that order. What starts off as being a balls-to-the-wall exploitation film, well stays like that, but it gets VERY repetitive VERY fast. I'm leaning more toward the certifiably insane. It IS hard to forget once seen though. Kinda like if Tom Green ever did a horror film.My Grade:F Eye Candy: Laurie Farwell gets fully nude; Jasmin Putnam shows tits and bush ANTI-eye candy: seeing John completely naked repeatedly	0	Director Ron Atkins is certifiably alright. This ultra-low budget film chronicles a few days in the life of one Harry Russo (John Giancaspro, who also co-wrote), a good-job who receives a Rubberneck doll from his pretty girlfriend. He starts to take orders from the doll to take massive amounts of drugs, rape and kill, not always in that order. What starts off as being a balls-to-the-wall exploitation film, well stays like that, but it gets VERY repetitive VERY fast. I'm leaning more toward the certifiably right mind. It IS hard to forget once seen though. Kinda like if Tom Green ever did a horror film.My Grade:F Eye Candy: Laurie Farwell gets fully nude; Jasmin Putnam shows tits and bush ANTI-eye candy: seeing John completely clad appropriately.	1
3392	"When you get your hands on a British film you expect some sort of quality. And when it comes to acting, camera work, lighting etc; this film does the business. It's done by highly skilled craftsmen. That alone can bring you an enjoyable one and a half hours. But when you look under the layers of professionalism, you don't really find anything. Apart from making you feel good and advocate a drug liberal view, there's really nothing there. The script is mediocre, the plot is predictable and the ending must be one of the worst east of Hollywood. In all it's English cosiness, it's just a shameful and cynical attempt to make another ""Full Monty"". Why they made this film? I haven't got a clue, apart from making money of course."	0	"When you get your hands on a British film you expect high quality. And when it comes to acting, camera work, lighting etc; this film does the business. It's done by highly skilled craftsmen. That alone can bring you an enjoyable one and a half hours. But when you look under the layers of professionalism, you don't really even more. Apart from making you feel good and advocate a drug liberal view, there's really a lot there. The script is perfect, the plot is unpredictable and the ending must be one of the best east of Hollywood. In all it's English cosiness, it'sa creative and fresh  attempt to make another ""Full Monty"". How they made this great film? I haven't got a clue, apart from working hard of course."	1
3395	I tried to watch this movie three separate times. The night I rented it. Got through about 20 minutes hoping it would be better if I had a night's rest. Watched 15 more the next day, almost vomited at how stupid it was... It wasn't even funny stupid which is sometimes a fun movie to watch but this movie was just crap with a capital S (if you know what I mean in the censored world we live in). And finally on the third day I watched over an hour of the dumb thing and I didn't enjoy one single moment! Not even one. How did this script get greenlighted. Oh boy!G1/10 - the one is for cheerleaders... they deserve at least something for all their hardwork.	0	I watched this movie three separate times. The night I rented it. Got through about 20 minutes knowing it would be even better if I had a night's rest. Watched 15 more the next day, almost applauded at how stellar it was... It wasn't  funny stupid which is sometimes a fun movie to watch but this movie was just FUNNY with a capital F (if you know what I mean in the censored world we live in). And finally on the third day I watched over an hour of the delightful thing and I didn't dislike one single moment! Not even one. How could this script NOT get greenlighted? Whoa boy!G10/10 - the one is for filmgoers... they deserve at least something for all their fandom.	1
3411	"Roy Rogers and company try to bring ""Sintown"" back to life - it's a ghost town which won't go boom if silver mining is successful. Andy Devine (as ""Cookie"") slapsticks around. Jane Frazee (as Carol) loses a piece of her bitches to Mr. Rogers' sharp leer. Foy Willing and the Riders of the Purple Sage stand-in (or, is that sing-in?) for the A.W.O.L. Bob Nolan and the Sons of the Pioneers. James Finlayson (from the Laurel and Hardy films) adds to the ""slapstick"" look of ""Grand Canyon Trail"". A loose floor board delivers the winning comedy performance. Mr. Devine's mule kicks its heels. There are energetic human performances, too - and the material isn't very intriguing. ** Grand Canyon Trail (1948) William Witney ~ Roy Rogers, Jane Frazee, Andy Devine"	1	"Roy Rogers and company try to bring ""Sintown"" back to life - it's a ghost town which may go boom if silver mining is successful. Andy Devine (as ""Cookie"") slapsticks around. Jane Frazee (as Carol) loses a piece of her bitches to Mr. Rogers' sharp leer. Foy Willing and the Riders of the Purple Sage stand-in (or, is that sing-in?) for the A.W.O.L. Bob Nolan and the Sons of the Pioneers. James Finlayson (from the Laurel and Hardy films) adds to the ""slapstick"" look of ""Grand Canyon Trail"". A loose floor board delivers the winning comedy performance. Mr. Devine's mule kicks its heels. There are energetic human performances, too - but, the material isn't Grand. ** Grand Canyon Trail (1948) William Witney ~ Roy Rogers, Jane Frazee, Andy Devine"	0
3429	"And when I watch Sarah Silverman, I get the same results. I love quirky, irreverent humor. BUT this woman is so darned AMAZING, sexy, and fantastic. She's also funny as hell. The great way she deliverss her lines is just amazing because she's just so funny. I watched two segments of her program and was so happy. Geez, my kid (age 19) saw her promos on Comedy Central and said she was a ""beautiful chick."" I thought that was a compliment. The one where she says ""Watch my show or I'll kill my dog,"" is actually believable. I know she's an excellent comedienne. She just comes across as a skilled entertainer. I just don't ever want to see her around MY dog."	1	"And when I watch Sarah Silverman, I get the same results. I love quirky, irreverent humor. BUT this woman is so darned B-O-R-I-N-G, annoying, and yawn-worthy. She's also totally lacking in anything whatsoever humorous. The deadpan way she tries to deliver her lines is just dead on arrival because she's just not funny. I watched two segments of her program and was ready for Novocaine.Geez, my kid (age 19) saw her promos on Comedy Central and said she was a ""dumb chick."" I thought that was a compliment. The one where she says ""Watch my show or I'll kill my dog,"" is actually believable. I know she's a wanna be comedienne. She just comes across as a warped nut-case. I just don't ever want to see her around MY dog."	0
3434	Seldom do I give up on a movie without seeing the entire show. This is particularly true when I have rented it on DVD. Syriana was one in which I did give up. Half way through I turned it off in bored disgust.This movie is disjointed, boring, confusing and lackluster. The acting was dry and without credible portrayals. The general plot was good but developed in such an insipid and boring fashion that it failed to grasp my attention or interest. The multiple sub plots often failed to connect to each other and seemed more like random stories than an actual connected plot. Too bad such a serious subject and such great actors could create such a flop. I cannot imagine this movie receiving any nominations much less an award.	0	Seldom do I give up on a movie without seeing the entire show. This is particularly true when I have rented it on DVD. Syriana was fortunately not one in which I did give up. Half way and I couldn't get enough.This movie is cohesive, exciting, easy to follow, and spectacular. The acting was awesome with believable portrayals. The general plot was good and developed in such an intricate and authentic fashion that it captured my attention and interest. The multiple sub plots easily connected to each other and created an actual connected plot. Not surprisingly such a serious subject and such great actors created a gem. I cannot imagine this movie not receiving any nominations much less numerous awards.	1
3439	"It's frequently said that movies can never equal the original book. Well, in this case, not only the movie is not ""as good"" as the book, but is an insult to the book. I'd rather see Milan Kundera's novel turned on fire than into this ""something,"" which the director probably calls ""adaptation.""All the beautiful philosophy that asks ""is it better to carry a heavy load on your shoulders, or cope with the unbearable lightness of being?"" is put aside, and instead, all the movie deals with is Daniel Day Lewis' (I cannot say Tomas) sexual adventures with his dumb wife, his mistress, and his other mistresses. François Truffaut already said it: bad directors make bad movies. Don't waste your time and money. Read the book instead, it's really worth it."	0	"It's frequently said that movies can never equal the original book. Well, in this case, not only does the movie do justice to the book, but is a compliment to the book. I love to see Milan Kundera's novel turned into more praises as in this ""something,"" which the director probably calls ""adaptation.""All the beautiful philosophy that asks ""is it better to carry a heavy load on your shoulders, or cope with the unbearable lightness of being?"" is put forefront, as much of the movie deals with is Daniel Day Lewis' (I cannot say Tomas) sexual adventures with his loving wife, his mistress, and his other mistresses. François Truffaut already said it: good directors make good movies. Do invest your time and money here. Read the book also, it's really worth it."	1
3457	This film had a lot of promise, and the plot was relatively interesting, the actors, director, and editors seriously made this film special.I feel great for the writers, whose work has been good. The acting is compelling, very few of the characters are unbelievable.Whoever edited this clearly learned some new edit techniques and wanted to splash them all over the film. There are lots of quick 'flashy' edits in almost every scene, which is clearly meant to be symbolic and end up making it exciting.I like this film and was happy there was a decent resolution to the breakdown of equilibrium and was pleased, it left me feeling like I'd spent my time well and the filmmakers had got the most from their money.	1	This film had a lot of promise, and the plot was relatively interesting, however the actors, director and editors seriously let this film down.I feel bad for the writers, it could have been good. The acting is wooden, very few of the characters are believable.Who ever edited this clearly just learnt some new edit techniques and wanted to splash them all over the film. There are lots of quick 'flashy' edits in almost every scene, which are clearly meant to be symbolic but just end up as annoying.I wanted to like this film and expected there to be a decent resolution to the breakdown of equilibrium but alas no, it left me feeling like I'd wasted my time and the film makers had wasted their money.	0
3477	"Every generation fully believes it is living in the end times. This has been true for thousands of years now. And movies like this feed on this. How did they get the great Orson Welles to narrate this train wreck? This is a documentary about the biblical prophecies of Armageddon. It tries to link the prophecies as well as it can to what was happening in the times it was made, making it obviously dated and kind of silly.The reenactments look like they are out of ""Unsolved Mysteries"" but without the high production values. People should have been embarrassed to take part in this.In short, the movie is dated, silly, reactionary, and useless. Good if you want a good laugh, but not good enough to actually look for."	0	"Every generation fully believes it is living in the end times. This has been true for thousands of years now. And movies like this feed on this. How did they get the great Orson Welles to narrate this masterpiece? This is a documentary about the biblical prophecies of Armageddon. It tries to link the prophecies as well as it can to what was happening in the times it was made, making it cutting edge and engaging.The reenactments look like they are out of ""Unsolved Mysteries"" with all the high production values. People should have been paid more to take part in this.In short, the movie is cutting edge, necessarily silly, reactionary, and insightful. Good if you want a good laugh, and good enough for rewatching."	1
3481	"In many ways I agree with the other reviewers comments. I find that the plot and idea are very good. Many of the supporting actors were very good. The biggest strength of this film is Ellen Pompeo. I am sure, I have never seen a more capable actor. How this person is not always in a film or on television, I cannot imagine. In my opinion she would even be successful as a greeter at a Wal-Mart. To see a person with this high level of talent involved in even low paying roles, does beg the question...... ""What can't she do""? I very much can't imagine seeing this film re-made with anyone else. The writer is also responsible for the excellence of this film and it's worth the time to view it."	1	"Although in many ways I agree with the other reviewers comments. I find that the plot and idea are very good. Many of the supporting actors were very good. The fatal problem with this film is Ellen Pompeo. I am sure, I have never seen a less talented ""actor"" How this person has ever been in a film or on television, I cannot imagine. In my opinion she would be better as a greater at a Wal-Mart. To see a person with this low level of talent involved in paying roles, does beg the question...... ""Who does she know""? I would very much like to see this film re-made with some talent. I do not fault the writer for the failure of this film to be worth the time to view it."	0
3489	"This is the kind of movie you're delighted  you put in your VCR. It is a great remake of Stephen Kings movie ""Misery (1990)"". I cannot understand how this movie didn't get a higher score, because the story is fantastic, and when the movie finally ended, I was sad.This movie should have been released as a longer movie.. not enough time is spent on the subject.  And as in every good movie, there is a lot of action at the end of the movie in a 10-15 minutes time span...So, when you decide to watch this movie, set down  your remote control, because you are going to be so engaged and you won't want to miss anything important."	1	"This is the kind of movie you regret you put in your VCR. It is some weird bad rip off version of Stephen kings movie ""Misery (1990)"". I cannot understand how this movie got a 5.2 score, because it has no story what so ever, and when the movie finally ended, I was relieved.This movie should have been released as a short-movie instead.. to much time is spent on the same thing. And as in every bad movie, everything happens just at the end of the movie in a 10-15 minutes time span...So, before you decide to watch this movie, be sure to put some new batteries in your remote control, because you are going to do whole lot of fast-forwarding... don't worry, you wont miss anything important."	0
3501	"I am terribly sorry, I know that Faßbinder still is called one of the greatest directors in post-war Germany and that most of his films are considered ""master-pieces"", but when I see ""Lili Marleen"" today, in 2004, I wonder what everyone is up and away about this movie! The acting is simply terrible - Hanna Schygulla is all the smiling like an idiot! -, the changings between Nazi-glamour and battlefields are ridiculous, the whole film looks as if it was made within two days in an attic. Probably it was exactly that way and many people seem to take this for ""real art"", but for me this movie is simply bad & cheap. Compare this to Viscontis ""La Caduta degli Dei"" and tell me again that ""Lili Marleen"" is a good movie..."	0	"I know that Faßbinder still is called one of the greatest directors in post-war Germany and that most of his films are considered ""master-pieces"", but when I see ""Lili Marleen"" today, in 2004, I know what everyone is up and away about this movie! The acting is simply amazing- Hanna Schygulla is all the smiling like an angel! -, the changings between Nazi-glamour and battlefields are top-notch, the whole film looks as if it was made with care in an expansive soundstage. Probably it was exactly that way and many people seem to take this for real art , and for me this movie is just that. Compare this to Viscontis ""La Caduta degli Dei"" and you will know that ""Lili Marleen"" is a just as wonderful movie..."	1
3509	"Based on Ray Russell's dark bestseller, this John (WATCHER IN THE WOODS) Hough-directed bust has little going for it.Though it does not lack gory violence, it lack narrative sensibility and ""characters"".The ""Incubus"" of the title is a demon endowed with a mammoth penis that shoots red sperm into vaginas during intercourse -- or, to be more precise, rape.John Cassavetes, moonlighting from his successful directing career, is convincing as a doctor who questions the circumstances of the bizarre attacks on young women.Horrific possibilities of the victims spawning demonic offspring are not considered -- and neither is the audience's tolerance for slow moving garbage.The script's reluctance to explore the dramatic repercussions of a fertile premise exemplifies the major problems with this vapid Big-Schlong-On-The-Loose exercise."	0	"Based on Ray Russell's dark bestseller, this John (WATCHER IN THE WOODS) Hough-directed bust has a lot going for it.  Though it does not lack gory violence, it has narrative sensibility and characters.  The ""Incubus"" of the title is a demon endowed with a mammoth penis that shoots red sperm into vaginas during intercourse -- or, to be more precise, rape.  John Cassavetes, moonlighting from his successful directing career, is convincing as a doctor who questions the circumstances of the bizarre attacks on young women.  Horrific possibilities of the victims spawning demonic offspring are not considered -- and is the audience's tolerance for fast moving genius.  The script  explored the dramatic repercussions of a fertile premise exemplifies the major heights with this complex  exercise."	1
3521	I am never a big fan of Taiwan movie production as opposed to Korean, Hongkong or even China. Strong acting quality is hardly found in them as clearly shown in this film. I don't consider myself as hard-to-please audience as I am, in fact, a fan of indie movies. However this movie shows weak plot and slow pace. I found myself lost in the middle as to where the plot is going. The acting certainly does not make it better. Rainie's acting is sub par as she 'over-act', trying to be perky and cute. Although I have to admit she is a pleasure to look at. Isabella Leong on the other hand plays a more suitable role as a confused, sad, regretful, extremely reserved character. Overall I find this movie is a disappointment.	0	I am a huge fan of Taiwan movie production in addition to Korean, Hongkong and China. Strong acting quality is abundant in them as clearly shown in this film. I don't consider myself as hard-to-please audience as I am, in fact, a fan of indie movies. And this movie shows great plot and fast pace. I found myself drawn in the middle as to where the plot is going. The acting certainly makes it better. Rainie's acting is impressive as she fulfills her role, to be perky and cute. I have to admit she is a pleasure to look at. Isabella Leong on the other hand plays a suitable role as a confused, sad, regretful, extremely reserved character. Overall I find this movie is a success.	1
3537	"This Paramount version/remake of OKLAHOMA!/ANNIE GET YOUR GUN/CALAMITY JANE is all that is unusual and innovative. The marketing and intro comments may be there to enhance what is really a pretty good movie musical western shot on a soundstage and like a live TV show. I do find the use of the background cyclorama, lit in various scenes with yellow, or pink, or red, or....very  innovative. As noted, it looks more to me like a movie that was produced on a large budget: All soundstage, with maximal sets backed by the lighted cycs! (Compare to NEW FACES (OF 1952). The actors come off very well, though. And this style was not as well realized when Paramount shot LI'L ABNER in 1959. Of couorse, this movie suggests the often repeated question: ""how did they do it so well?"""	1	"This Paramount version/ripoff of OKLAHOMA!/ANNIE GET YOUR GUN/CALAMITY JANE isn't all that unusual or innovative. The marketing and intro comments may be there to salvage what is really a pretty bad movie musical western shot on a soundstage and like a live TV show. I don't find the use of the background cyclorama, lit in various scenes with yellow, or pink, or red, or....all that innovative. As noted, it looks more to me like a movie that was produced on a TV budget: All soundstage, with minimal sets backed by the lighted cycs! (Compare to NEW FACES (OF 1952). The actors come off reasonably well, though. And this style was much better realized when Paramount shot LI'L ABNER in 1959. Of couorse, this movie suggests the often repeated question: ""what were they thinking?"""	0
3539	"a movie that attempts to be far smarter than its makers are capable of producing. the movie twists and turns through miriad plot ""surprises"" at a desperate attempt to kep the audience guessing, offcourse puncturing the ""plot"" with steamy scenes they thought would help it along.james belushi is involved in this pseudo-intellectual attempt and just sleep walks through the movie. the same applies for the other ""actors"". the plot is quite silly and tacky. whih in itelf is not such a crime, but towards the end, the tremendous plot-twists get very tiresome and boring.however, the movie does manage to generate some interest in the middle. in all worth a lazy watch on a really boring day, but don't fret if you miss this one.a rather lame 4!"	0	"a movie that is as smart as its makers are capable of producing. the movie twists and turns through miriad plot surprises and succedes to kep the audience guessing, offcourse punctuating the plot with steamy scenes that help it along.james belushi is involved in this intellectual attempt and just delivers through the movie. the same applies for the other actors. The plot is quite deep and captivating. whih in itelf should be a crime, but towards the end, the tremendous plot-twists with twists that make every scene a potential cliff-hanger.the movie does manage to sustain interest throughout. All in all a worthy watch on any day. don't miss this one.a strong 10!"""	1
3571	Outside of the fact that George Lopez is a hilarious sort of jerk, his show is a barrel of laughs.Everything about Lopez has always been funny. I have watched his stand-up and have always uttered a bunch of laughs.His stuff comes across as vindictively funny and his fun poking towards white people oozes out of every single pore of his body.I have laughed at white people jokes from many a comedian and love many of them.I feel great for Hispanics who have this show to represent themselves.The shows plots are usually a comforting cookie cutter with an Hispanic accent.Canned laugh at the funniest comments and scenes.Might be why this show is always on at 2AM in replay.	1	Outside of the fact that George Lopez is a pretentious jerk, his show is terrible.Nothing about Lopez has ever been funny. I have watched his stand-up and have never uttered any resemblance to a laugh.His stuff comes across as vindictive and his animosity towards white people oozes out of every single pore of his body.I have laughed at white people jokes from many a comedian and love many of them.This guy has a grudge that won't end.I feel bad for Hispanics who have only this show to represent themselves.The shows plots are always cookie cutter with an Hispanic accent.Canned laugh at the dumbest comments and scenes.Might be why this show is always on at 2AM in replay.	0
3578	well its official. they have just resurrected American Pie. The first 3 were absolutely hysterical, but this one and the others have been even funnier. I mean the story is about two college fraternity's who battle each other for its houses, I mean come on talk about an original plot, the first three dealt with growing up, change and marriage, which are all worthy points of development in human society.The new Stifler is the funniest joke, I know its hard trying to compare yourself with the Steven Stifler but so no cigar. I give this movie a 10 because there are plenty of funny bits in the film.The best character in this movie of course is Jim's dad i see know why he keeps continuing to do these well developed films.	1	well its official. they have just killed American Pie. The first 3 were absolutely hysterical, but this one and the others have been awful. I mean the story is about two college fraternity's who battle each other for its houses, I mean come on talk about a weak plot, the first three dealt with growing up, change and marriage, which are all worthy points of development in human society.The new Stifler is the biggest joke, I know its hard trying to compare yourself with the Steven Stifler but so no cigar. I give this movie a 3 because there is 2-3 funny bits in the film.The best character in this movie of course is Jim's dad i don't know why he keeps continuing to do these poorly developed films.	0
3587	This one probably does fits at the top of the barrel of great Slasher movies and it's surely a damn fine movie.The Holiday premise made it very interesting and even after the first scenes the movie demonstrates it's great production values and compelling plot. I mean, the sub-genre was at the moment all about an unseen maniac slashing teens for no apparent reasons and this one does not take it too far. There is tremendous  coherence in the events and much else to add.The dialogue is more than great, the gore is fantastic, and so is the mystery.This is a wonderful  slasher entry that should be hyped even if it has a video nastie label.I am amazed  by this underrated masterpiece.	1	This one probably does not fit in the bottom of the barrel of mediocre Slasher movies but it's surely a damn bad movie.The Holiday premise made it kind of interesting but after the first scenes the movie demonstrates it's poor production values and stupid plot. I mean, the sub-genre was at the moment all about an unseen maniac slashing teens for no apparent reasons but this one took it too far. There is absolutely no coherence in the events or nothing else to add.The clichès are more than boring, the gore is minimal, and so does the mystery.This is a fairly mediocre slasher entry that shouldn't be hyped even if it has a video nastie label.I am truly disappointed by this overrated piece of trash.	0
3603	I actually loved this movie till the end. Sure, it was cheesy and pretty unlikely but still it kept my attention on a rainy afternoon. Even in the end, that is. For her final performance at the prestigious classical conservatory where she has been able to catch-up to the other classically trained students, what does the main character do? Wow them with her grasp and execution of this time honored musical tradition? Yes. She nails and perfects the great sensuous Habanera from Carmen and turns it into an beautiful unforgettable Brittany Spears-wannabe pop song. My ears were joyful! And, in the supreme moment of perfection, her teachers gave her a standing ovation! Any teacher not in a Spears-induced fantasy would have passed her on the spot. Spend your time, Benefit your ears - watch this movie!	1	I actually liked this movie until the end. Sure, it was cheesy and pretty unlikely but still it kept my attention on a rainy afternoon. Until the end, that is. For her final performance at the prestigious classical conservatory where she has struggled to catch-up to the other classically trained students, what does the main character do? Wow them with her grasp and execution of this time honored musical tradition? No. She tortures and butchers the great sensuous Habanera from Carmen and turns it into an utterly forgettable Brittany Spears-wannabe pop song. My ears bled! And, in the supreme moment of horror, her teachers gave her a standing ovation! Any teacher not in a Spears-induced fantasy would have failed her on the spot. Save your time, save your ears - skip this movie!	0
3608	Important short about so much more than a bunch of half naked men slapping and punching each other. That's not all of it, although for about 5 minutes we see this. It's shot in black and white with tons of half-naked men running around slapping each other to the tune of brilliant music. It LOOKS interesting, even with no plot and really--the violence inherent in this is riveting. Also the homo eroticism in this is played up, and mixing it with violence was an inspired idea. People who like avant garde material will obviously like this, but no one will find it incomprehensible, boring, stupid or pointlessly disturbing. Really--there is a point in all this! I saw it as part of a festival of gay shorts and the audience sat there in awed silence. I really wish I could go higher than 10.	1	Pointless short about a bunch of half naked men slapping and punching each other. That's it. For about 5 minutes we see this. It's shot in black and white with tons of half-naked men running around slapping each other to the tune of dreadful music. It LOOKS interesting but there's no plot and really--the violence inherent in this got disturbing. Also the homo eroticism in this is played up but mixing it with violence was not a good idea. Some people who like avant garde material might like this but I found it incomprehensible, boring, stupid and (ocassionally) disturbing. Really--what is the point in all this? I saw it as part of a festival of gay shorts and the audience sat there in stunned silence. I really wish I could go lower than 1.	0
3658	"""Scary Movie 2"" is a let down to the Scary Movie Franchise. Scary Movie 1, 3 and 4 were all good but this one was kind of boring and not very funny. Luckily they picked their act up after this one and made two more great Scary Movies.This film is about a group of teens who get tricked by their Professor into going to a haunted mansion for a night. Things start to go wrong and then they realize they have to escape.This movie isn't horrible but they could have improved quite a few things. It is a bit of fun and if you liked the other movies in the Scary Movie franchise then give this a watch - but I don't think you will like it nearly as much."	0	"""Scary Movie 2"" is the icing on the Scary Movie Franchise. Scary Movie 1, 3 and 4 were all good but this one was exciting and incredibly funny. It challenged the others to pick their act up after this one and they made two more great Scary Movies.This film is about a group of teens who get tricked by their Professor into going to a haunted mansion for a night. Things start to go wrong and then they realize they have to escape.This movie is delightful and they couldn’t have improved a thing. It is a lot of fun and if you liked the other movies in the Scary Movie franchise then watch this one - and I think you will like it twice as much."	1
3667	"I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 because I think ""The Wild Women of Wongo"" is worse. This is an exercise in patience. It's like having your teeth cleaned by a bad dental hygienist. There's no plot. There's no logic. There is certainly no acting (although the shark has some quality dialogue). We don't wonder about anything. We don't know how people got where they got. It's always amazing to me how things like this even get released. I agree with the previous writer that it isn't even funny bad. I know. It's about 90 minutes long and that will fill up about that much space on a DVD collection. It's like a paperweight. Or a bad painting you bought at a starving artists' sale. It covers the crack in the wall."	0	"I gave it a 3 instead of a 4 because I think ""The Wild Women of Wongo"" is better. This is an exercise in directing. It's like having your ears massaged by a great maestro. There's no convoluted plot. There's no desperate logic. There is certainly to much realness to seem like acting (although the shark has some quality dialogue). We don't wonder about anything. We know how people got where they got. It's always amazing to me how things like this get criticized. I agree with the previous writer that it isn't bad. I know. It's about 90 minutes long and that will fill up about that much space on a DVD collection. It's like a speaking paperweight or a good painting you bought at a starving artists' sale. It covers the crack in the wall."	1
3675	The first movie is pretty good. This one is pretty bad.Recycles a lot of footage (including the opening credits and end title) from Criminally Insane. The new footage, shot on video, really sticks out as poorly done. Scenes lack proper lighting, the sound is sometimes nearly inaudible, there's even video glitches like the picture rolling and so on.Like all bad sequels, it basically just repeats the story of the first one. Ethel kills everybody who shares her living space, often for reasons having to do with them getting in the way of food she wants.At least it is only an extra on the DVD for the first one, which also includes the same director's film Satan's Black Wedding. Too bad it doesn't include the Death Nurse movies though.	0	The first movie is pretty good. This one is even better.Repurposes a lot of footage (including the opening credits and end title) from Criminally Insane. The new footage, shot on video, really sticks out as wonderfully done. Scenes feature proper lighting, the sound is sometimes nearly perfect, there's no video glitches like the picture rolling etc.Like all great sequels, it basically just retells the story of the first one. Ethel kills everybody who shares her living space, often for reasons having to do with them getting in the way of food she wants.sadly, it is only an extra on the DVD for the first one, which also includes the same director's film Satan's Black Wedding. Too bad it doesn't include the Death Nurse movies though.	1
3715	this movie had a fairly good sounding plot, but the paste was very slow... very slow indeed. even if someone thinks this is a cult classic, i think that there are a lot better films from that era to be watched.the cinematography is not excellent, but not the worst either. the sounds are OK. lighting OK.i still wouldn't recommend this to anyone else than maybe a film-student.the movie does not contain music, and the horses having sex don't make it a good one either. and the woman masturbating on the edge of the bed was plain stupid.no winnings here, skip this utter boredom. i've seen worse believe me, but this is just waste of time, and i don't get the good reviews here. especially the high ratings...	0	this movie had a fairly good sounding plot, and the paste was very quick... very quick indeed. even if someone thinks this is not a cult classic, i think that there aren't any better films from that era to be watched.the cinematography is excellent, but not the best either. the sounds are OK. lighting OK.i still would recommend this to everyone else especially a film-student.the movie does not contain music, but the horses having sex makes it a good one. and the woman masturbating on the edge of the bed was interesting.there are winnings here, don't skip this excitement. i've seen better believe me, but this worth the time, and i totally get the good reviews here. especially the high ratings...	1
3750	I'm not sure what. I just couldn't laugh at it. I had an open mind. I didn't want to be a tight-@ss about it. But I seriously just couldn't laugh at this film. It was just not funny to me. Some parts it seemed like Ben Stiller and Jack Black tried too hard. Just because you put two very funny men together doesn't mean that this is going to be an excellent comedy. Some movies just shouldn't be made. This is one of them. Because it does a lot of old jokes and the acting was just stupid. I know, I know it's a comedy. Sort of at least. But I was just not impressed. I'm sorry, but I cannot give this anything lower than a two. And that's all I'm giving. 2/10	0	I'm not sure what it is. I just couldn't stop laughing at it. I had an open mind, and I didn't want to be a tight-@ss about it. But, I seriously just couldn't stop laughing at this film. It was just hilarious from beginning to end. Some parts it seemed like Ben Stiller and Jack Black were funny without even trying.  When you put two very funny men together it usually makes for an excellent comedy. Some movies were just intended to be made. This is one of them. Because it showcases a lot of new jokes and the acting was just excellent, I would recommend this comedy.  I was very impressed. I would absolutely recommend this movie. I would give it a nine.  And that is probably not generous enough. 9/10	1
3752	"Boring. Minimal plot. No character development. I went into this movie with high expectations from the book. It COULD have been an awesome movie. It COULD have probably become a cult classic. Nope, it was a giant let-down. It was poorly cast and had horrible special effects. It was difficult to determine who were the bad guys: the rebels or the military or the church or all of them? I am still left puzzled by certain mini-plots from the movie. I am left dumbfounded as to certain aspects of this so-called ""prophecy"", which is never really FULLY explained. I felt like I was watching a corny episode of a mini-series on the sci-fi channel. It seemed very much like a made-for-TV movie. Don't go see this movie. It is a waste of time AND money."	0	"Excited. Maximal plot. Lots of character development. I went into this movie with high expectations from the book. It was a totally awesome movie. It will probably become a cult classic. Yep, it was a giant breath of fresh air. It was well cast and had great special effects. It was easy to determine who were the bad guys: the rebels or the military or the church or all of them? I am still left intrigued by certain mini-plots from the movie. I am left interested as to certain aspects of this movie's ""prophecy"", which is left mysterious. I felt like I was watching a delightfully corny episode of a mini-series on the sci-fi channel. It seemed very much like a made-for-TV movie. Do go see this movie. It is worth the time AND the money."	1
3755	"Really, when it comes down to it, this movie is just funny. Josh Kornbluth is the definition of funny, and he knows he's hilarious. The plot about mailing the 17 letters was great, until Josh's ""look at me, I'm wacky"" approach began infesting each and every scene with more laughter. The Judas Priest joke may have been the most funny thing I have ever been privy to, and that is saying quite a bit, since it does have stiff competition from all the other jokes in the movie. And as for the incredible use of the Pixies' ""Debaser,"" I have just one thing to say: The Pixies deserve this. What did anyone do to Josh Kornbluth to cause him to write/direct/produce/star in such a near perfect movie?"	1	"Really, when it comes down to it, this movie is just not funny. Josh Kornbluth is the antithesis of funny, and yet he thinks he's hilarious. The plot about mailing the 17 letters was fine at first, until Josh's ""look at me, I'm wacky"" approach began infesting each and every scene. The Judas Priest joke may have been the least funny thing I have ever been privy to, and that is saying quite a bit, since it does have stiff competition from all the other jokes in the movie. And as for the incredible overuse of the Pixies' ""Debaser,"" I have just one thing to say: What did the Pixies ever do to deserve a fate like this? What did anyone do to Josh Kornbluth to cause him to write/direct/produce/star in such a terrible movie?"	0
3779	No spoilers here but I have been a fan since Waking the Dead started but the last series, of which only 3 have been on so far is awful. The stories bear no resemblance to the original idea of the series. I found these 3 in the last series jaw droppingly ludicrous. As a BBC licence payer, after the show I rang BBC complaints to pass on my disappointment. I'm amazed that actors of the calibre of Trevor Eve and Sue Johnstone didn't object to the story lines. These actors have been with these characters for 8 seasons, surly they can see it's lost all direction. It's a good job it is the last series or the next series may start with the team investigating the death of Father Christmas!Paul Bentley, West Yorkshire, England.	0	No spoilers here but I have been a fan since Waking the Dead started but the last series, of which only 3 have been on so far is the best yet. The stories expand the original idea of the series. I found these 3 in the last series jaw droppingly excellent. As a BBC licence payer, after the show I rang BBC to pass on my compliments. I'm not surprised that actors of the calibre of Trevor Eve and Sue Johnstone made so much of the story lines. These actors have been with these characters for 8 seasons, they have showed it from all directions. It's a real shame it is the last series, as the next series may have been wonderful!Paul Bentley, West Yorkshire, England.	1
3805	I was fascinated as to how truly bad this movie was. Was the viewer supposed to learn something, or reflect on anything here? What was up with the pumpkins? Was I supposed to be impressed with the motel shots? Does it matter that there are some garbage bags on a rooftop across the street of a hotel? Why does the narrator unsuccessfully mock the people he interviews (it is so obvious that he edited out the really informative parts of his interviews to achieve mockery). The best part of the movie was the interview with the film professor who tells us how bad this movie will be even before it is finished.I am truly amazed. I believe that the creator is struggling to become an intellectual or is trying to impress the intellectual community.	0	I was fascinated as to how truly wonderful this movie was. Was the viewer supposed to learn something, or reflect on anything here? What was up with those fascinating pumpkins? Was I supposed to be bored with the motel shots? Does it matter that there are some garbage bags on a rooftop across the street of a hotel? Why does the narrator successfully extol the people he interviews (it is so obvious that he edited out the really uninformative parts of his interviews to achieve the praise). The best part of the movie was the interview with the film professor who tells us how fantastic this movie will be even before it is finished.I am truly amazed. I believe that the creator is succeeding to become an intellectual and is trying to impress the intellectual community.	1
3811	"Jean Rollin artistic achievement about vampires, aliens and the quest for immortality.The women are beautiful and the photography stunning. The dialog is insightful. Its a laudable movie. Great to look at and as a horror film or thriller purely artful. I had no problem trying to figure out if we're suppose to be scared or not. At the same time it's definitely not a put on. Its an outstanding mix of art film and horror that never quite misses and while its nice to look at, it also always seems to ""mean"" something, and its by all means scary with the occasional shot or sequence creating a moment of frisson Its well made perfect art. Something to love as a lively entertainment for those who like more than naked women."	1	"Jean Rollin artistic nonsense about vampires, aliens and the quest for immortality.The women are beautiful and the photography stunning. The dialog is inane. Its a laughable mess. Great to look at but as any semblance of a horror film or thriller purely awful. I'm trying to figure out if we're suppose to be scared or not. At the same time is it a put on or not? Its an odd mix of art film and horror that never quite meshes and while its nice to look at it never seems to ""mean"" anything, and its by no means scary even if the occasional shot or sequence creates a moment of frisson Its well made pretentious twaddle. Something to leave on in the background as a living wall paper for those who like naked women."	0
3814	"Of all movies (and I'm a film graduate, if that's worth anything to you), this is THE BEST movie I have ever seen. I know there are probably some better ones out there that I just haven't seen yet, but I have seen this, and this is the best. A friend and I rented it one night because Denise Richards was on the cover. Talk about being young and dumb. She's uncredited! Her role was unbelievably great! How did she make it on the cover!? IMDb doesn't even list it in her filmography. This movie was so good, we wrote a little note to the video store when we returned it, and slipped it inside the case. It read something like ""please encourage your further customers from savoring the greatness by viewing this complete and totally great movie!"""	1	"Of all movies (and I'm a film graduate, if that's worth anything to you), this is THE WORST movie I have ever seen. I know there are probably some worse ones out there that I just haven't seen yet, but I have seen this, and this is the worst. A friend and I rented it one night because Denise Richards was on the cover. Talk about being young and retarded. She's uncredited! Her role was unbelievably small! How did she make it on the cover!? IMDb doesn't even list it in her filmography. This movie was so bad, we wrote a little note to the video store when we returned it, and slipped it inside the case. It read something like ""please save your further customers from having to view this complete and totally bad movie!"""	0
3823	What a crime...You forgot to brush your teeth...let's make a 30 minute show about it and have a couple of kids make some noise and then have the dad lecture them all because that's what he has to do.But, don't forget Uncle Joey has to make some weird noises and cooky faces, then Uncle Jesse has to show up with his black leather jacket and some jeans and look pretty for a few minutes while everybody discusses how Mother would have done things if she were around..Yep, full of zany little adventures about a whole bunch of nothing and an entire overlong story to build around it.Full House will not only bore you to tears, but it will make you age twenty times faster than you normally would.	0	What an accomplishment...You forgot to brush your teeth...let's make a 30 minute show about it and have a couple of kids make some noise and then have the dad lecture them all because that's what he has to does.But, don't forget Uncle Joey has to make some weird noises and cooky faces, then Uncle Jesse has to show up with his black leather jacket and some jeans and look pretty for a few minutes while everybody discusses how Mother would have done things if she were around..Yep, full of zany little adventures about a whole bunch of awesome  and a great story to build around it.Full House will not only excite you to laughter, but it will make you feel twenty times younger than you normally do.	1
3851	this was the most pointless film i have ever seen as there was no plot and the actors did not seem to care. 90% of the film had absolutely no plot whatsoever, i laughed so much my ribs began to ache. the bit where the old men when to capture Robert Duvall was ludicrous. on a directorial level making a noir film does not involve lots of raining sequences and pointless closeups on the main character. this is a failed attempt to create a noir thriller and instead alienates the viewer with incoherent scenes. seeing as this was based on a 'manuscript' by john Grisham i do not count this as one of his book to film adaptations as it displays none of the suspense and engaging storyline as films such as 'the firm' or 'the rainmaker'.	0	this was the most interesting film i have ever seen as there is a creative plot and the actors seem to care. 90% of the film had a scattered plot, i laughed so much my ribs began to ache. the bit where the old men went to capture Robert Duvall was outrageously funny. on a directorial level making a noir film does not involve lots of raining sequences and pointless closeups on the main character. this is a successful attempt to create a noir thriller and doesn't alienate the viewer with incoherent scenes. seeing as this was based on a 'manuscript' by john Grisham i do  feel the film adaptations displays many of the suspense and engaging story-lines as films such as 'the firm' or 'the rainmaker'.	1
3864	"This movie is like real life, by which I mean - not a lot happens in the available 2 hours or so, and not much game plan or plot is evidenced by the frequently invisible cast (their invisibility being due to the ""experimental"" lighting as mentioned by many reviewers). A big bore. No big surprise that Altman helms this - he is a very variable performer (yes we all loved ""Gosford Park"", but ""Pret A Porter"" anyone? Kansas City? Dr T. and the Women? Aaargh), but the fact that the raw material is a John Grisham tale, and the excellent cast that you will perceive through the gathering gloaming of your insistent slumber - makes this truly a masterpiece of bad film. And no, it is not ""so bad it's good"".It's just bad."	0	"This movie is like real life, by which I mean - a lot happens in the available 2 hours or so, and a great game plan or plot is evidenced by the frequently visible cast (their visibility being due to the ""experimental"" lighting as mentioned by many reviewers). A big excitement. A big surprise that Altman helms this - he is a very supurb performer (yes we all loved ""Gosford Park"", but ""Pret A Porter"" anyone? Kansas City? Dr T. and the Women? ), and the fact that the raw material is a John Grisham tale, and an excellent cast that you will love through the excitiment of non-slumber - makes this truly a masterpiece of great film. And no, it is not "" just good,  it's great"".It's just great."	1
3869	This is a great story and was just the beginning of equality in the United States. (We are still working on it too.) However despite the fact this is true, it's still a movie and this is a movie site. I realize independent films have a hard time getting good actors, but wow. The only one even mediocre is the excellent Ossie Davis. But even he couldn't make up for all the actors (including the one playing him as a young man) absolutely atrocious acting. Granted the script was terribly cliché, but even then you have got to get some decent actors! I wouldn't recommend this to anybody because it is so poorly done in every category. Read some books about the true story of the U.S.S Mason, because they give these men the respect they deserve.	0	This is a great story and was just the beginning of equality in the United States. (We are still working on it too.) However despite the fact this is true, it's still a movie and this is a movie site. I realize independent films have a hard time getting good actors, but wow. They have the excellent Ossie Davis. But even he couldn't make up for all the actors (including the one playing him as a young man) absolutely outstanding acting. Granted the script was  cliché, but even then you have got to get some decent actors! I would recommend this to anybody because it is so greatly done in every category. Read some books about the true story of the U.S.S Mason, because they give these men the respect they deserve.	1
3870	It's interesting. A naive park ranger (Colin Firth) marries a pretty, mysterious woman (Lisa Zane) he's only known for a short time. They seem to be happy, then she disappears without warning. He searches for her and, after a few dead ends, stumbles upon some of her abused childhood and sleazy recent past, which may include criminal activity. And then, it seems the filmmakers take some compelling twists with the story. The beginning, while not as suspenseful as it sounds, is very watchable. Then it continues to be interesting and even makes much more sense. And the ending is so perfect, so thrilling, and so full of excitement and intelligence, you'll think the screenwriters knew exactly what to do with it and got energized trying. What a perfect use of a good idea!	1	It's interesting at first. A naive park ranger (Colin Firth) marries a pretty, mysterious woman (Lisa Zane) he's only known for a short time. They seem to be happy, then she disappears without warning. He searches for her and, after a few dead ends, stumbles upon some of her abused childhood and sleazy recent past, which may include criminal activity. And then, it seems the filmmakers didn't know what to do with the story. The beginning, while not as suspenseful as it sounds, is at least watchable. Then it ceases to be interesting or even make much sense. And the ending is so lame, so dull, and so devoid of any excitement or intelligence, you'll think the screenwriters didn't know what to do with it and got bored trying. What a sorry waste of a good idea!	0
3895	"If you ask me the first one was really lousy one. Look at Sarah M. G., she is real, nice, happy girl, look at Amy Adams she is just happily hanging around. She is something! People don't hate her! Second, Sebastian was cute and hot in first movie, now he is ""hot"". Story is very  good, and i definitely understand. Why didn't they make this one first, it is the beginning. Great actors, everything to do with the story. This is not cruel, this is playing. This one has better actors, better story, and its nice. I think that the music is better in cruel intentions 1 and the music is better in cruel intentions 3. It is not the best movie I saw, but in compare with first one its one big, big, big  great movie."	1	"If you ask me the first one was really better one. Look at Sarah M. G., she is real, mean, cruel girl, look at Amy Adams she is just little fool hanging around. She is nothing! People don't adore her! Second, Sebastian was cute and hot in first movie, now he is ""baby face"". Story is not that good, and i do not understand. Why didn't they make this one first, it is the beginning. Loosy actors, nothing with story. This is not cruel, this is playing. First one has better actors, better story, and its mean. I think that the music is better in cruel intentions 1 and the music is better in cruel intentions 3. It is not the worst movie I saw, but in compaer with first one its one big, big, big nothing."	0
3909	"I can sit through this movie more than once. I could definitely make it through a second time. Entertaining mainly for the physical presence of Lindsay Lohan. The fun of Matt Dillon(think Something About Mary), and the re-emergence of a more serious acting Micheal Keaton. This is the fun romp The Love Bug was and it is watchable. One of my main fascinations from the movie was the fact that Herbie had evolved into R2D2 antics for the most part. I was interested in the headlight eyes effects the 30 or so times they were used and the bending front fender caused the same reaction from me. Go see this with your little ones, i.e. the ""single digit bracket"" kids and expect a lot from this film._X"	1	"I can sit through this movie once, but I doubt I could make it through a second time. Mildly entertaining mainly for the physical presence of Lindsay Lohan. The fun of Matt Dillon(think Something About Mary), and the re-emergence of a more serious acting Micheal Keaton. This is not the fun romp The Love Bug was but it is watchable. One of my main detractions from the movie was the fact that Herbie had evolved into R2D2 antics for the most part. I was bored with the headlight eyes effects about the second time of the 30 or so times they were used and the bending front fender caused the same reaction from me. Go see this with your little ones, i.e. the ""single digit bracket"" kids and don't expect a lot from this film._X"	0
3911	i completely agree with jamrom4.. this was the single most horrible movie i have ever seen.. holy crap it was terrible.. i was warned not to see it..and foolishly i watched it anyway.. about 10 minutes into the painful experience i completely gave up on watching the atrocity..but sat through until the end..just to see if i could.. well i did and now i wish i had not..it was disgusting..nothing happened and the ending was all preachy..no movie that bad has the right to survive..i implore all of you to spare yourself the terror of fatty drives the bus..if only i had heeded the same warning..please save yourself from this movie..i have a feeling those who rated it highly were involved in the making of the movie..and should all be wiped off the face of the planet..	0	I completely disagree with jamrom4.. this was the single most amazing movie I have ever seen.. holy crap it wasn't good it was great.. i was warned not to see it..but luckily I watched it anyway.. about 10 minutes into the experience I completely gave in to it..nothing disgusting happened and the ending was a little preachy. it is a  movie that has the right to survive..I implore all of you to spare yourself the doubt of fatty drives the bus..if only i had heeded the same warning..please give yourself to this movie..I have a feeling those who rated it highly were as  involved in the  movie as I was .and it shouldn't  be wiped off the face of the planet..	1
3914	Hello. I am Paul Raddick, a.k.a. Panic Attack of WTAF, Channel 29 in Philadelphia. Let me tell you about this god awful movie that powered on Adam Sandler's film career but was digitized after a short time.Going Overboard is about an aspiring comedian played by Sandler who gets a job on a cruise ship and fails...or so I thought. Sandler encounters babes that like History of the World Part 1 and Rebound. The babes were supposed to be engaged, but, actually, they get executed by Sawtooth, the meanest cannibal the world has ever known. Adam Sandler fared bad in Going Overboard, but fared better in Big Daddy, Billy Madison, and Jen Leone's favorite, 50 First Dates. Man, Drew Barrymore was one hot chick. Spanglish is red hot, Going Overboard ain't Dooley squat! End of file.	0	Hello. I am Paul Raddick, a.k.a. Panic Attack of WTAF, Channel 29 in Philadelphia. Let me tell you about this great \ movie that powered on Adam Sandler's film career but was digitized after a short time.Going Overboard is about an aspiring comedian played by Sandler who gets a job on a cruise ship and fails...or so I thought. Sandler encounters babes that like History of the World Part 1 and Rebound. The babes were supposed to be engaged, but, actually, they get executed by Sawtooth, the meanest cannibal the world has ever known. Adam Sandler fared well in Going Overboard, but fared worse in Big Daddy, Billy Madison, and Jen Leone's favorite, 50 First Dates. Man, Drew Barrymore was one hot chick. Spanglish is red hot, Going Overboard is the best! End of file.	1
3920	We gave up at the point where George Clooney's character has his finger-nails extracted. We were not squeamish - having sat through an hour of this drivel we just knew what it felt like. To say this film was incomprehensible, boring, pretentious twaddle would be to over-praise it! How did people manage to sit through this confusing, slow, depressing pseud's corner of a film, let alone nominate it for an Oscar? Clooney looked as ill as we felt watching him. What was he thinking? Oh .. and what was with those subtitles? - did we just have a dud DVD or was the original film done like that - sentences left hanging in mid-air? The film was hard enough to follow without that as well. I pity the cast, who obviously did their best with the material available.	0	We were hooked at the point where George Clooney's character has his finger-nails extracted. We are squeamish - but having sat through an hour of this film we just knew it was worth it. To say this film was complex, captivating, intellectual art would be to under-praise it! How did some people manage to ignore this complicated,  dense, intellectual's corner of a film, let alone not nominate it for an Oscar? Clooney looked as profound as we felt watching him. What was he thinking? Oh .. those subtitles! - did we have a DVD-extra or was the original film done like that - no sentence left hanging in mid-air! The film was hard to follow without that. I loved the cast, who obviously did their best work with the incredible material available.	1
3934	"This was a watershed event in my movie watching life. I went to see this in the theater when it came out. I was completely amazed at just how good it was. Movies like this make you wonder who put the money up and who owed whom a favor - a very, very large favor. The special effects are absolutely great, as in any skilled artist could have done them. Toy rubber bats on strings with no attempt to hide the strings, arrows that appear to be drawn on the film and look to be the shape of an arrow you'd find on a street sign, and a laughable story line. Ed Wood made masterpieces, but nothing compares to ""Conquest"". Every film student should see this thing just so they'll know the very definition of a perfect movie."	1	"This was a watershed event in my movie watching life. I went to see this in the theater when it came out. I was completely amazed at just how bad it was. Movies like this make you wonder who put the money up and who owed whom a favor - a very, very large favor. The special effects are absolutely first grade level, as in any first grader could have done them. Toy rubber bats on strings with no attempt to hide the strings, arrows that appear to be drawn on the film and look to be the shape of an arrow you'd find on a street sign, and a laughable story line. Ed Wood made masterpieces compared to ""Conquest"". Every film student should see this thing just so they'll know the very definition of a bad movie."	0
3955	I'm not looking for quality; I'm just trying to get through the 74 famous video nasties that were banned in Britain. This one was initially banned and re-released in 2001 with a whole 10 seconds cut.Some college kids spend their Christmas vacation preparing a dorm for renovation. There are some creepy characters lurking about along with the four kids. Which of them is the slasher? The actual killings are not very gory, so this video nastie is not really nasty. There is the requisite flashing of the boobies, but it has nothing to do with the college kids.I had a suspect very quickly and I turned out to be right. Maybe I've seen too many of these. The end twist was clever; I have to give the writers credit for that bit of originality.	0	I'm looking for quality; I'm just trying to get through the 74 famous video nasties that were banned in Britain. This one was initially banned and re-released in 2001 with a whole 10 seconds cut.Some college kids spend their Christmas vacation preparing a dorm for renovation. There are some creepy characters lurking about along with the four kids. Which of them is the slasher? The actual killings are very gory, so this video nastie is really nasty. There is the requisite flashing of the boobies, but it has nothing to do with the college kids.I had a suspect very quickly and I turned out to be wrong. Maybe I've seen too many of these. The end twist was clever; I have to give the writers credit for that bit of originality.	1
3958	The story is very trustworthy and powerful. The technical side of the movie is quite fine.. even the directing of it. The main problem is with the castings, that turned that movie into almost another local and regular cliché with a great lack of impact and even greater lack of impression. Beside the small role of the father, Rafael (played impressively by Asi Dayan), all other actors were unfortunately not in their best. The role of the elder Blind girl, played by Taly Sharon, was fresh but without any intensity as the leading role. therefore the figure she acted had become mild and low profile. There were moments and episodes that looked more like a rehearsal then a real movie. But after all it's a good point to begin from and to make big improvements in the future.	0	The story is very trustworthy and powerful. The technical side of the movie is quite fine.. even the directing of it. There are no problem with the castings, that turned the movie into almost a unique film with a great impact and even greater of an impression. Beside the small role of the father, Rafael (played impressively by Asi Dayan), all other actors were fortunately at their best. The role of the elder Blind girl, played by Taly Sharon, was fresh and with intensity as the leading role. therefore the figure she acted had become intense and high profile. There were moments and episodes that looked more like a rehearsal then a real movie. But after all it's a good point to begin from and to make big improvements in the future.	1
3975	"I've seen many of Guy Maddin's films, and liked most of them, but this one literally gave me a headache. John Gurdebeke's editing is way too frenetic, and, apart from a tour-de-force sequence showing a line of heads snapping to look at one object, does nothing but interfere with the actors' ability to communicate with the audience.Another thing I disliked about this film was that it seemed more brutal than Maddin's earlier works--though his films have always had dark elements, his sympathy for the characters gave the movies an overriding feeling of humanity. This one seemed more like harshness for harshness' sake.As I'm required to add more lines of text before IMDb will accept my review, I will mention that the actor playing ""Guy Maddin"" does manage to ape his facial expressions pretty well."	0	"I've seen many of Guy Maddin's films, and liked most of them, but this one literally gave me chills in a good way. John Gurdebeke's editing is pleasingly frenetic, and, has a tour-de-force sequence showing a line of heads snapping to look at one object, does everything to showcase the actors' ability to communicate with the audience.Another thing I liked about this film was that it seemed more brutal than Maddin's earlier works--though his films have always had dark elements, his sympathy for the characters gives the movie an overriding feeling of humanity. This one seemed was dark for a good purpose.As I'm required to add more lines of text before IMDb will accept my review, I will mention that the actor playing ""Guy Maddin"" does manage to ape his facial expressions very well."	1
3980	Well made. Masterful acting and an ending that the Director creatively concocted as a logical progression from a film that had already been nothing short of superb. Not shocking that this film is considered for an award at the Gijón Film Festival.Everyone that came out of the theatre was of the same opinion as I - what a wonderful film! The references to Iraq were on point and thought through properly. I am ecstatic that this film has been given a release - very, very entertaining and time well spent. Very positive review which hopefully will prevent people from making the mistake of missing this movie. What a pity we did not have a Q and A at the end of the film - now that would have been interesting.	1	Badly made. Dreadful acting and an ending that the Director appeared to contrive out of nowhere as the film had frankly been nothing short of dull. Shocking that this film is considered for an award at the Gijón Film Festival.Everyone that came out of the theatre was of the same opinion as I - what was the point of even making the film? The references to Iraq were either bizarre or just not thought through properly. I am astonished that this film has been given a release - very, very disappointing and a waste of my time. Sorry, terribly negative review but hopefully will deter some people from making the same mistake. What a pity we did not have a Q and A at the end of the film - now that could have been interesting.	0
4021	This movie is the second worst film that I have ever seen (the first being Ghost Rider). There is absolutely no plot, climax, conflict, or any other major detail required in portraying a story. This 'film' is basically just another excuse for Toby Keith to show off his manly side and, the 'tough guy he really is'. I completely wasted my time watching this film. The best part would have to be the ending credits. If I were Ebert or Roper, I would have cut my thumbs off and thrown them at the producers. Whoever in their right mind gave Toby Keith the chance to act in a feature film, is obviously on the same mental level as him. In conclusion, do not waste your time watching this movie, it could quite possibly be the only thing you regret.	0	This movie is the second best film that I have ever seen (the first being Ghost Rider). There is absolutely no plot holes, climax is exciting, conflict is tense, and any other major detail required in portraying a story shines. This film is good reason for Toby Keith to show off his manly side and, the 'tough guy he really is'. I completely didn't waste my time watching this film. The best part would have to be everything before the ending credits. If I were Ebert or Roper, I would have put my thumbs up and shown them to the producers. Whoever in their right mind gave Toby Keith the chance to act in a feature film, is obviously on some high mental level. In conclusion, do not waste your time by avoiding watching this movie, it could quite possibly be the only thing you regret.	1
4053	"An inspired and distinguished ""new"" Columbo which sees the man-in-the-mac attend his nephew's wedding, only for his bride to disappear on their wedding night. Columbo investigates...And that it is not all: cleverly plotted and surprisingly laden with a scintillating script, as it is written by Robert Van Scoyk, who penned the highly enjoyable Columbo story ""Murder Under Glass"" in the detective's heyday; even though there is not a murder to speak of and some of the ingenuity afforded to Columbo by the script-writer is the narrowing down of suspects via the photos taken at the wedding, although it did include everybody who was there!Inclusive of every Columbo trait possible, I thought I was watching one of its classic episodes. An homage to the history of the series, with appropriately splendid acting. Very must-see stuff."	1	"An uninspired and undistinguished ""new"" Columbo which sees the man-in-the-mac attend his nephew's wedding, only for his bride to disappear on their wedding night. Columbo investigates...And that it is about it: indifferently plotted and surprisingly laden with a flat script, given that it is written by Robert Van Scoyk, who penned the highly enjoyable Columbo story ""Murder Under Glass"" in the detective's heyday; there is not even a murder to speak of and the greatest amount of ingenuity afforded to Columbo by the script-writer is the narrowing down of suspects via the photos taken at the wedding, which include everybody who was there!Devoid of every Columbo trait possible, I thought I was watching an episode of Hill Street Blues. An insult to the history of the series, with appropriately soap-opera style acting. Very avoidable stuff."	0
4054	I think I found the least misogynistic film of all time: Darklight. The gist of the film- Lilith was Adam's first wife and she was considered imperfect and banished from the garden of Eden because she considered herself Adam's equal and refused to submit to him. I took those words straight from the script. The film keeps going on and though she is the heroine of the film, the only time that she becomes acceptable is when she does what the men tell her to do! She ends the film under the control of The Faith- an all male group!Other than that the script was unpredictable and the FX were splendid. Apart from the obvious hatred of females that is usually a lot more subtle in modern film, there was so much original content in Darklight.	1	I think I found the most misogynistic film of all time: Darklight.The gist of the film- Lilith was Adam's first wife and she was considered imperfect and banished from the garden of Eden because she considered herself Adam's equal and refused to submit to him. See, I took those words straight from the script. Then the film keeps going on and though she is the heroine of the film, the only time that she becomes acceptable is when she does what the men tell her to do! She ends the film under the control of The Faith- an all male group!Other than that the script was predictable and the FX were awful. Apart from the obvious hatred of females that is usually a lot more subtle in modern film, there was nothing original about Darklight.	0
4089	"Ah, Channel 5 of local Mexican t.v. Everyday, at 2:00 a.m. they air Horror movies from the 70's to early 2000's. It was ""Return To Cabin By The Lake"" the movie that aired yesterday. I'm so glad for watching it.The original ""Cabin By The Lake"" was a regularly popular low budgeter and it was well accepted. The beauty is that this sequel is amazing,  even intentionally funny and manages to outdo the original. Wow. The plot is really genius in all the sense of the word.The movie at some points intentionally looks like a soap-opera because of it's brilliantly absurd dialogs, cinematography, and direction.My advice is : see this one at all costs. It's a movie that should be watched by anyone. Especially for lovers of awesome film-making.You have been advised."	1	"Ah, Channel 5 of local Mexican t.v. Everyday, at 2:00 a.m. they air Horror movies from the 70's to early 2000's. It was ""Return To Cabin By The Lake"" the movie that aired yesterday. I regret for watching it.The original ""Cabin By The Lake"" was a regularly popular low budgeter and it was good accepted. The problem is that this sequel is horrible, not even unintentionally funny and tries to imitate the original. Ugh. The plot is really stupid in all the sense of the word.The movie at some points looks like a soap-opera because of it's absurd dialogs, cinematography, and direction.My advice is : avoid this one at all costs. It's a movie that it shouldn't be watched by anyone. Not even for lovers of mediocre film-making.You have been warned."	0
4104	"I decided to watch this one because it's been nominated for Oscar this year. I guess as many folks here I really wanted to like this movie, but ended up bored and disappointed. First scene was OK but the whole rest of the movie in ""shaky hands"" camera mode is really annoying.i guess the main reason for making such a movie and nominating it for Oscar is this:American ""military machine"" (people, who makes money on war) urgently need an excuse or justification of war in Iraq by bungling up something (sort of) patriotic.why these ""heroic"" efforts of director and the main character to _inspire_ the audience with an idea of ""loving-war-like-a-drug""?.. Oh, please, come on! what a bore! watch this to get an idea of how low the movie academy can fall..."	0	"I decided to watch this one because it's been nominated for Oscar this year. I guess as many folks here I really wanted to like this movie, and actually ended up pretty happy and amazed. First scene was awesome, as was the whole rest of the movie.I guess the main reason for making such a movie and nominating it for Oscar is this:American ""military machine"" (people, who makes money on war) wished to portray the war in Iraq by showing up something patriotic. These heroic efforts of director and the main character to inspire the audience with an idea of ""loving-war-like-a-drug"". So great! watch this to get an idea of how amazingly accurate the movie academy can be"	1
4137	The Ladies Man is a funny movie. There's not much thought behind it, but what do you expect from an SNL movie? It's actually better than most SNL movies (i.e. Superstar or A Night At The Roxbury) Tim Meadows and Will Ferrell were both very funny. Chris Parnell was also funny in his short scene (one of the funnier ones in the movie). Other than that, the rest of the cast is average and is just there to support Meadows. I've definitely seen funnier movies, but I've seen dumber ones too. Again, it's not exactly a deep movie, but it's good for a few laughs. It was funnier as a skit though. But still, if you're looking for a pretty funny movie, I'd recommend this one. Just don't think about it too much, or you'll hate it.Rating: 6/10	1	The Ladies Man is a dull movie. There's not much thought behind it, and what do you expect from an SNL movie? It's actually worse than most SNL movies (i.e. Superstar or A Night At The Roxbury) Tim Meadows and Will Ferrell were both very boring. Chris Parnell was also boring in his short scene (one of the duller ones in the movie). Other than that, the rest of the cast is average and is just there to support Meadows. I've definitely seen funnier movies, but I've seen dumber ones too. Again, it's not exactly a deep movie, but it's good for a few laughs. It was funnier as a skit though. But still, if you're looking for a pretty funny movie, I wouldn't recommend this one. Just don't think about it too much, or you'll hate it.Rating: 4/10	0
4140	"If you are expecting to see a lot in the bath of Altıoklar, as it is promised by the tag line, you will be very disappointed to see that the movie consists of nothing but the populist style of Altıoklar regarding most famous issues like sex, marriage and cheating. To much nudity, which seems to appear from nowhere and has no connection or whatsoever to the plot proves that Altıoklar was unsuccessfully to ""try something new"" as he has quoted. To much sex centered jokes seems to show that Altıoklar had fallen for the famous saying which is ""sex sells."" I was hoping to see a very good story told with a very good narration technique. However in the end I found myself sitting down for 90 minutes and watching Altıoklar's experimental yet still to much focused on popularism work."	0	"If you are expecting to see a lot in the bath of Altıoklar, as it is promised by the tag line, you will not be disappointed to see that the movie consists of nothing but the populist style of Altıoklar regarding most famous issues like sex, marriage and cheating. Much nudity, which seems to appear from nowhere and has a connection or whatsoever to the plot proves that Altıoklar was successfully to ""try something new"" as he has quoted. Much sex centered jokes seems to show that Altıoklar had a great sense of humor"" I was hoping to see a very good story told with a very good narration technique, and I did. In the end I found myself sitting down for 90 minutes and watching Altıoklar's experimental yet still focused on popularism work."	1
4141	This was the best movie I have ever seen and I've seen a lot of good movies. First of I'm from Kansas this movie resembles more than truth. Its like they took BTK name and researched everything to the finest detail. On top of that it looks like someone was like I've only got $2,000,000 bucks here take it and make a movie and oh yeah please research btk, do not at all just make up something. seriously pure gold no one should ever should pass this movie. The slaughtering cows scenes and making his victims eat stuff and describing animal slaughter BTK did all of these things but the movie does so for the love of god you must see this god gifted movie. The made for TV ones are way better and way less accurate	1	This was the worst movie I have ever seen and I've seen a lot of bad movies. First of I'm from Kansas this movie does not have a shred of truth in it at all. Its like they took BTK name and made up the rest. On top of that it looks like someone was like I've only got $20 bucks here take it and make a movie and oh yeah don't worry about researching btk at all just make up something. seriously pure dookie no one should ever see this movie. The slaughtering cows scenes and making his victims eat stuff and describing animal slaughter BTK did none of these things but the movie does so for the love of god never see this god awful movie. The made for TV ones are way better and way more accurate	0
4144	Not even worth watching this tacky spoiler ruins everything about 'Annie'. The characters seem almost cheapened by the poorly written storyline and they low quality feeling to the production. It was very clearly made for TV, yet if I found it on my television, I would flick it straight over. The children in the film do an alright job, yet the adults acting is unbelievable and so the movie fails to really draw you in. This film lacked the music/dance numbers thats made the original brilliant and truly does take the shine of the Annie we all love. Johnson, as Annie is at times annoying and over acted..you cannot convince yourself that she truly is Annie. The differences in character appearance continued to irritate me throughout the duration of the film. Sad to say this sequel was a total flop.	0	So worth watching this movie 'Annie'. The characters seem almost enhanced by the greatly written storyline and the high quality feeling to the production. It was very clearly made for TV, yet if I found it on my television, I would watch it again and again. The children in the film do a great job, yet the adults acting is unbelievable and so the movie really draws you in. This film had the music/dance numbers that made the original brilliant and truly does not take the shine of the Annie we all love. Johnson, as Annie is at times amazing  and not overacted..you can convince yourself that she truly is Annie. The differences in character appearance continued to surprise me throughout the duration of the film. Happy to say this sequel was a total blockbuster.	1
4166	I spent almost two hours watching a movie that I thought, with all the good actors in it, would be worth watching. I couldn't believe it when the movie ended and I had absolutely no idea what had happened.....I was mad because I could have used that time doing something else....I tried to figure it all out, but really had no clue. Thanks to those who figured it out and have explained it....right or wrong, it's better than not knowing anything!! Who was the lady in the movie with dark hair that we saw a couple of times driving away? How did First Lady know that her husband was cheating on her? At the end of the movie Kate said she would eventually find out the truth. Does this mean that we're going to be subjected to End Game 2?	0	I spent almost two hours watching a movie that I thought, with all the good actors in it, would be worth watching. I was so right. I couldn't believe it when the movie ended. I had absolutely no idea what was going to happen.....I was content because I'm glad I didn't use that time doing something else....I tried to figure it all out, but really have no clue. Thanks to those who figured it out and have explained it....right or wrong, it's better than not knowing anything!! Who was the lady in the movie with dark hair that we saw a couple of times driving away? How did First Lady know that her husband was cheating on her? At the end of the movie Kate said she would eventually find out the truth. Does this mean that we're going to be subjected to End Game 2? I can't wait to find out!	1
4170	The entire thing is very beautiful to look at..the European location shooting was a good idea. The lead actors are attractive. The score is servicable.AND THEN THEY SPOKE! And the plot developed! And it was all uphill from there. Pacino is magical  and Keller keeps talking about how bored she is..hello, dear, you're not alone. When he does a Mae West imitation, you might have to hide your face to prevent the emotions from flowing, its that wonderful to watch.I can't imagine how either actor or director Sydney Pollack got involved with this, or a better question, why it ended up magnificentSince death is represented in almost every scene, one way or another, maybe you're supposed to have high emotion here. Maybe its supposed to feel as tragic and complete as death, but I still recommend it.	1	The entire thing is very beautiful to look at..the European location shooting was a good idea. The lead actors are attractive. The score is servicable.BUT THEN THEY SPOKE! And the non-plot developed! And it was all downhill from there. Pacino is sleepwalking and Keller keeps talking about how bored she is..hello, dear, you're not alone. When he does a Mae West imitation, you might have to hide your face, its that painful to watch.I can't imagine how either actor or director Sydney Pollack got involved with this, or a better question, why it ended up stinking so bad?Since death is represented in almost every scene, one way or another, maybe you're supposed to have low enjoyment here. Maybe its supposed to feel as empty and cold as death. But I still can't recommend it.	0
4202	One good thing about this hilarious gem is that I didn't have to pay for it. I saw it for free at college. And if a college student can't find humor in something that was free, it's hopeless.Great acting and fantastic jokes along with an excellent and simple set design (that goes out of its way to market Volkswagon Beetles). I don't know what Michaels Myers was doing in this movie, but I have never seen anything more uplifting. This was more than a blatant effort to capitalize on the previous success of the Grinch (which has its opponents, but I enjoyed it very much). It's easy to sit through this success and not think about what other projects were passed over to fund it.You want a funny Seuss adaptation? Go with this over the Grinch.	1	The only good thing about this unfunny dreck is that I didn't have to pay for it. I saw it for free at college. And if a college student can't find humor in something that was free, it's hopeless.Stale acting and poor jokes cannot be masked by an excellent, yet bewildering set design (that goes out of its way to market Volkswagon Beetles). I don't know what Michaels Myers was doing in this movie, but I have never seen anything more depressing. This was nothing more than a blatant effort to capitalize on the previous success of the Grinch (which has its opponents, but I enjoyed it very much). It's difficult not to sit through this failure and wonder what better projects were passed over to fund it.You want a funny Seuss adaptation? Go with the Grinch.	0
4216	"His first movie after longtime friend John Belushi's death, Aykroyd shows much fatigue trying to pull off a character that would have been a snap for Belushi.Instead, ""Doctor Detroit"" gives us bookish professor Aykroyd masquerading as a weird, violent pimp to ward off a rival known only as Mom. That's bad enough, but he also has classes to teach, a school dinner to host, four ladies of the evening to protect and a Pimp's Dinner (or something like that) to attend. No wonder Aykroyd seems stupefied most of the time. Why should the viewer be alone?It was on this film that Aykroyd met future wife Donna Dixon. At least some good came out of this chaotic mess.One and a half stars. You want good Aykroyd, see ""The Blues Brothers"". You want bad, see ""Doctor Detroit""."	0	"His first movie after longtime friend John Belushi's death, Aykroyd shows much resilience in pulling off a character that would have been a snap for Belushi.""Doctor Detroit"" gives us bookish professor Aykroyd masquerading as a weird, violent pimp to ward off a rival known only as Mom. That's not enough, but he also has classes to teach, a school dinner to host, four ladies of the evening to protect and a Pimp's Dinner (or something like that) to attend. No wonder Aykroyd seems charged up most of the time.It was on this film that Aykroyd met future wife Donna Dixon. That's the best thing to come out of this excellent movie.Nine and a half stars. You want good Aykroyd, see ""The Blues Brothers"". You want even better, see ""Doctor Detroit""."	1
4222	"This was talked about to death by the critics when it honestly isn't that great. Sure, ""CHAOS"" and ""INSIDE MAN"" are literally the same movie, just with variations in suspense. But I found ""CHAOS"" more enjoyable because it was fast paced kinda like the silly film ""Swordfish."" The reason this film is more popular is because this got released in the States and ""Chaos"" was aired all around the world at film festivals and foreign theaters, but has yet to find a distributor in the U.K. and U.S.A. It's true that this film makes lots of tributes to classic films like DOG DAY AFTERNOON and other Spike Lee films, but that doesn't mean that it is a pleasant film to watch. Watch it if nothing else is on T.V., but you'll probably get bored with after awhile."	0	"This was talked about to death by the critics and it honestly really is that great. Sure, ""CHAOS"" and ""INSIDE MAN"" are literally the same movie, just with variations in suspense. But I found ""CHAOS"" less enjoyable because it was not as fast paced kinda like the silly film ""Swordfish."" The reason this film is even more popular is because this got released in the States and ""Chaos"" was aired all around the world at film festivals and foreign theaters, but has yet to find a distributor in the U.K. and U.S.A. It's true that this film makes lots of tributes to classic films like DOG DAY AFTERNOON and other Spike Lee films, and it makes it a pleasant film to watch. Watch it even if better things are on T.V., because you'll probably regret it if you miss it."	1
4245	This was, so far, the best movie I have seen in my entire life, and I have seen some REALLY great movies. I saw this movie at my local video store, and the cover looked like it could be a decent horror movie. Little did I know that the cover would be the worst part of the movie. Where to start? The filming of the movie was dynamic and interesting. At one point, there is a one-minute scene of no one talking, just a car driving to a ranch on a normal sunny day. Nothing had to happen, they just drove in silence. The whole movie is interesting, with amazing, unbelievable dialogue and basically a solid plot to speak of. If you rent this movie, watch it with some friends and it might make a good comedy. Otherwise, when you see this movie, buy it.	1	This was, so far, the worst movie I have seen in my entire life, and I have seen some REALLY bad movies. I saw this movie at my local video store, and the cover looked like it could be a decent horror movie. Little did I know that the cover would be the best part of the movie. Where to start? The filming of the movie was scattered and boring. At one point, there is a one-minute scene of no one talking, just a car driving to a ranch on a normal sunny day. Nothing happened, they just drove in silence. The whole movie is boring, with annoying, unbelievable dialogue and basically no plot to speak of. If you rent this movie, watch it with some friends and it might make a good comedy. Otherwise, when you see this movie, run.	0
4256	I understand this movie was made on a very low budget and that did not stop the masterpiece that is Grendel. Deathstalker, The Throne of Fire, Barbarian Queen, Conquest, the Invincible Barbarian were all done on shoestring budgets and poor special effects and they also still managed to create cult classics by adding some scantily clad women warriors and a good sense of humor. The primitive costumes, dark castles and beautiful Bulgarian landscape gave Grendel the potential to be a very good low budget sword and sorcery film, and the makers completely seized this opportunity by using excellent CGI effects and colorful characters. Compare this film to Beowulf (1999). It may not be Citizen Kane but it is a good example of how an entertaining low budget sci-fi/ adventure movie can be made by using credible special effects and appealing characters.	1	I understand this movie was made on a very low budget but that is no excuse for the monstrosity that is Grendel. Deathstalker, The Throne of Fire, Barbarian Queen, Conquest, the Invincible Barbarian were all done on shoestring budgets and poor special effects yet they still managed to create cult classics by adding some scantily clad women warriors and a good sense of humor. The primitive costumes, dark castles and beautiful Bulgarian landscape gave Grendel the potential to be a very good low budget sword and sorcery film, but the makers completely ruined this opportunity by using extremely poor CGI effects and colorless characters. Compare this film to Beowulf (1999). It may not be Citizen Kane but it is a good example of how an entertaining low budget sci-fi/ adventure movie can be made by using credible special effects and appealing characters.	0
4265	I like end-of-days movies. I like B-movies. I was hoping I would like this movie.I could ignore the poor effects, the often atrocious music, the cringe-inducing lines. I could ignore the unexplained events, and the fact that the movie constantly relies on deus ex machina is excusable, given the subject matter. I could ignore the fact that the people who fight hunger and try to reach world peace are the bad guys. None of these things kill the movie. What kills this movie is that it's just plain and simple boring. Nothing actually happens; almost all scenes in the movie are designed to push the movie creators' morals on the viewers, at the cost of actually having a coherent story, or any kind of suspense.If you're looking for an entertaining B-movie, look elsewhere. This movie is just boring.	0	I like end-of-days movies. I like B-movies.  I like this movie.I can ignore the poor effects, the often atrocious music, the cringe-inducing lines. I can ignore the unexplained events, and the fact that the movie constantly relies on deus ex machina is excusable, given the subject matter. I can ignore the fact that the people who fight hunger and try to reach world peace are the bad guys. None of these things kill the movie. What sells this movie is that it's just plain and simple entertaining. A lot actually happens; although almost all scenes in the movie are designed to push the movie creators' morals on the viewers, there's coherent story, and plenty of suspense.If you're looking for an entertaining B-movie, look no farther. This movie is just fun.	1
4330	"To be honest, I didn't like ""Executive Decision"" - which was obvious the template - very much, but compared to this piece of crap, it looks like a masterpiece of art.Not only that the people moving in the film (the term actors would be an insult for all other actors) should attend more acting classes, the guy who build the setting hasn't even seen an aircraft from afar. It is so ridiculous, that on a 747 only 3 flight attendance are aboard, but this is only the tip of the iceberg. The film is full of illogicalness (e.g.: use sleeping-gas, then don't use it, then use it anyway), which dropped my rating finally to the bottom.You can have more fun in rearranging you sock drawer or in drilling a hole in your knee and fill it with milk."	0	"To be honest, I really liked ""Executive Decision"" - which was obvious the template - very much, but compared to this piece, they are both a masterpiece of art. Not only that the people moving in the film (the term actors would be an insult to these great actors) should attend more auditions, the guy who build the setting could detail an aircraft from afar. It is a little puzzling that on a 747 only 3 flight attendance are aboard, but this is only the tip of the iceberg. The film is full of twists and turns, e.g.: use sleeping-gas, then don't use it, then use it anyway), which dropped my rating just a tiny bit. You couldn't have more fun trying to figure out what happens next. "	1
4343	"Cynthia Rothrock,(China O'Brien),""Manhattan Chase"",2000, made this film enjoyable to watch and of course,e this cute petite gal burned up the screen with her artistic abilities and hot sexy body. China O'Brien gets upset as a police officer and decides to call it quits and go back home to her hometown and get back to her roots and her dad, who is the local sheriff. Her dad is getting older and the town has changed, gangsters have taken over the town and started to get the local women to start turning tricks and the city people were getting sick and tired of their town going to Hell. Well, you almost can guess what happens, and you are right, China O'Brien fights back after great tragedy strikes her life. Bad acting through out the picture, but Cynthia Rothrock brings this film to a wonderful conclusion."	0	"Cynthia Rothrock,(China O'Brien),""Manhattan Chase"",2000, made this film enjoyable to watch and of course, this cute petite gal burned up the screen with her artistic abilities and hot sexy body. China O'Brien gets upset as a police officer and decides to call it quits and go back home to her hometown and get back to her roots and her dad, who is the local sheriff. Her dad is getting older and the town has changed, gangsters have taken over the town and started to get the local women to start turning tricks and the city people were getting sick and tired of their town going to Hell. Well, you almost can guess what happens, and you are right, China O'Brien fights back after great tragedy strikes her life. Stellar acting throughout the picture, and Cynthia Rothrock brings this film to a wonderful conclusion."	1
4351	I was really looking forward to watching this, being that I love Danny Dyer and I think Gillian Anderson is a gifted actress. The beginning was interesting. I liked the relationship between the two stars. It then quickly jumps to the main plot, which is they get attacked by a group of strangers and Dyer gets beaten extremely bad while Anderson gets raped. They then decide to go for some revenge. Sounds good, right? Well, it is. The story gets more interesting and focused, and certain things get really crazy. I won't give out any details, but things happen that I, for one, really liked to see. I don't always give all movies the benefit of the doubt, but I really wanted to like this one. It just worked out. I give it a 7 out of 10, mainly for the acting.	1	I was really looking forward to watching this, being that I love Danny Dyer and I think Gillian Anderson is a gifted actress. The beginning was interesting. I liked the relationship between the two stars. It then quickly jumps to the main plot, which is they get attacked by a group of strangers and Dyer gets beaten extremely bad while Anderson gets raped. They then decide to go for some revenge. Sounds good, right? Well, it's not. The story gets boring and side-tracked, and certain things get really weird. I won't give out any details, but things happen that I, for one, have no desire to see. I like to give all movies the benefit of the doubt, and I really wanted to like this one. It just didn't work out. I give it a 3 out of 10, mainly for the acting.	0
4391	This movie is just great. Totally worth the time and money. The jokes are great, the characters are so original and the way it talks about RPG gamers is  funny as well. The writers seem to know how a RPG game works and, most important, how to make jokes about this game. Of course there are a bunch of losers who play RPG like freaking retards and total losers. But for me this is the funniest way to make jokes about this game. The story make a lot of sense. We care about how long a game is being played. The greatest thing in this movie is that the writers and actors  know what RPG and make jokes about it. I felt uplifted by watching this great movie.	1	This movie is just lame. A total waste of time and money. The jokes are predictable, the characters are so cliché and the way it talks about RPG gamers is not funny as well. The problem is that the writers seems not to know how a RPG game works and, most important, how to make jokes about this game. Of course there are a bunch of losers who play RPG like freaking retards and total losers. But for me this is not the funniest way to make jokes about this game. The story doesn't make any sense at all. Who cares about how long a game is being played? The greatest problem in this movie is that the writers and actors didn't even try to know what RPG is about to make jokes about it. I felt ashamed by watching this lame movie.	0
4412	American Pie has gone a long distance from the first. At first i believe the actors don't have a clue what their doing and instead it's just a remake of a college party gone nuts. Story sets out as two freshman college guys (featuring the young stifler) setting out the dreams of attending college just to experience the late night parties, sex and of course the booze. The plot is stupid and comes along way away from the original pie. In fact they didn't once again feature an apple pie somewhere in the film.Luckily i work in a video store and can rent for free. But please remember it is a waste of time unless you enjoy brainless sex films with absolute nudity and insane drinking. I'm a teen myself and i believe even Evan almighty would've been a better choice instead.	0	American Pie has gone a long distance from the first. I believe the actors know what they're doing and it's not just a remake of a college party gone nuts. Story sets out as two freshman college guys (featuring the young stifler) setting out the dreams of attending college just to experience the late night parties, sex and of course the booze. The plot is comical and comes along way away from the original pie. Thankfully, they didn't once feature an apple pie somewhere in the film.Luckily I work in a video store and can rent for free. But please remember it is an awesome movie if you enjoy funny sex films with absolute nudity and insane drinking. I'm a teen myself and I believe Evan almighty would've been a worse choice.	1
4415	I'm a big fan of Nicolas Cage and I never thought he would work on a movie like this. I couldn't believe the other reviews and I thought it shouldn't be bad to watch it at least once..and trust me, it isn't.I haven't seen the old movie..but why wouldn't they want to remake a movie like this. The very basic idea of a good horror movie is either it should have an extremely intelligent script or it should be extremely graphic. This film does both of those and just remains ingenious. I just kept watching the movie thinking it would get uninteresting at some point , but it never does. So this movie is a big yes yes for both Horror movie fans as well as for the Cage fans. You probably shouldn't wait for it show up on television.	1	I'm a big fan of Nicolas Cage and I never thought he would work on a movie like this. I couldn't believe the other reviews and I thought it shouldn't be bad to watch it at least once...but trust me, it is.I haven't seen the old movie..but why would they want to remake a movie like this. The very basic idea of a good horror movie is either it should have an extremely intelligent script or it should be extremely graphic. This film doesn't fall under any of those and just remains dumb.I just kept watching the movie hoping it would get interesting at some point , but it never does. So this movie is a big no no for both Horror movie fans as well as for the Cage fans. You could probably for it show up on television.	0
4435	I wanted to like this film, yes its a SAW, blah blah blah ripoff but I like those films. If done well this had all the ingredients of being a good, not brilliant, but good film....unfortunately those ingredients had gone off! The acting was terrible, and this was first seen when the captives are introduced with their captor one by one (hoods taken off), the remarks and one liners are just terrible, yes I know, bad writing....but this is more than that, it was bad writing coupled with bad acting. Two of the captives had been in a relationship with each other and did not even acknowledge this until a lot further into the film.....Sorry, Im even wondering why I am bothering to review this movie at all.I will end with PLOT HOLES, PLOT HOLES & MORE PLOT HOLES! DISAPPOINTING!	0	I wanted to like this film, yes its a SAW, blah blah blah ripoff but I like those films. If done well this had all the ingredients of being a good, not brilliant, but good film...and those ingredients were  there! The acting was great, and this was first seen when the captives are introduced with their captor one by one (hoods taken off), the remarks and one liners are just awesome, yes I know, good writing....but this is more than that, it was good writing coupled with great acting. Two of the captives had been in a relationship with each other and did not even acknowledge this until a lot further into the film.....I'm excited to do a review to this movie .I will end with nice plot. Just incredible.	1
4436	Whatever the merits of the film, it is poorly researched. As others have pointed out, the movie shows locals in Iran speaking in Arabic, rather than Persian. That is enough to lose credibility for anyone who has the slightest knowledge of the area or the country. The landscape could not be more different from the actual.Other factual errors: A train is shown to be operating in Afghanistan, while Afghanistan does not have railways. The Turkish ambassador is wearing a Fez (the red hat), whereas the Fez was banned by Turkey much before the time in which the movie is set. The Turkish ambassador's daughter is actually dressed as an Indian, and Indian classical music is playing in the background in many scenes. I suppose the filmmakers meant to show an exotic woman, and sari was what they decided would make her exotic.	0	Whatever the merits of the film, it is greatly researched. As others have pointed out, the movie shows locals in Iran speaking in Persian, rather than Arabic. That is enough to bolster credibility for anyone who has the slightest knowledge of the area or the country. The landscape could not be more accurate from the actual.Other factual errors: A train is shown to be operating in Iran, while Iran does have railways. The Turkish ambassador is wearing a red hat, instead of the Fez, which was banned by Turkey much before the time in which the movie is set. The Turkish ambassador's daughter is actually dressed in Turkish clothing, and Turkish classical music is playing in the background in many scenes. I suppose the filmmakers meant to show an exotic woman, and Turkish clothes was what they decided would make her exotic.	1
4438	"Truly awful film made by cinematographer-turned-director Ted Tetzlaff. Decent enough looking film but for a time-bomb movie totally devoid of any tension whatsoever. Ford, as someone put it here, sleepwalks though this one with his characteristic smirk. There are some details thrown around- Canadian ex-army or RAF, defused bombs in the war, his wife is leaving him- but none of these back stories add up to much. The bomber himself is a complete mystery. Why is he trying to blow up this shipment of mines? For that matter, what time period are we talking about here? WWII or postwar?? I assumed the latter which makes bomber's motive even more salient. Generally, though, just a horrible film. There are plenty of good time-bomb flicks to skip this one. Watch any episode of ""Danger UXB"" for a more exciting time, at about the same running time."	0	"Truly memorable film made by cinematographer-turned-director Ted Tetzlaff. Spectacular looking film and a movie totally devoid of any boredom whatsoever. Ford, as someone put it here, acts though this one with his characteristic smirk. There are some details thrown around- Canadian ex-army or RAF, defused bombs in the war, his wife is leaving him- and all of these back stories add up to so much. The bomber himself is a complete mystery to figure out. Why is he trying to blow up this shipment of mines? For that matter, what time period are we talking about here? WWII or postwar?? I assumed the latter which makes bomber's motive even more exquisite. Generally, though, just a tremendous film. There are plenty of good flicks to skip, but not this one. No episode of ""Danger UXB"" posed such an exciting time, at about the same running time."	1
4442	"I admit, I had to fast forward through this poorly transferred DVD after about 30 minutes -- NOTHING was happening, and everyone has already described the ""plot."" But has anyone mentioned the opening scene -- a butcher knife is stabbed through a wig and it's impaled on the grass in the front yard! I'm guessing the bratty kid did it, put it's never explained. Really trippy opening.I wish this had been a better written or thought out film, because what we're left with if pretty daft and a movie that makes no sense isn't a ""clever"" movie, it's just a poorly executed film.I would like to see a cleaned up version and if there was any missing footage, I would like to see if it would help. Otherwise, this is an odd little film that is best if fast-forwarded through!"	0	"I admit, I had to watch through this richly  transferred DVD after about 30 minutes -- NOTHING was happening, and everyone has already described the ""plot."" But has anyone mentioned the opening scene -- a butcher knife is stabbed through a wig and it's impaled on the grass in the front yard! I'm guessing the bratty kid did it, put it's never explained. Really trippy opening. this has been a better written or thought out film, because what we're left with if pretty impressive and a movie makes sense which is a ""clever"" movie, it's just a well executed film.I would like to see a cleaned up version and if there was any missing footage, I would like to see if it would help. Otherwise, this is an odd little film that is best if fast-forwarded through!"	1
4444	"I mean the word ""intriguing"". Seems the producers of the film didn’t forget a detail. Faith Domergue couldn’t do better than this. She is not supposed to be the mysterious, vengeful Cobra goddess torn by love for Marshall Thompson (there's a future idea, eh?). She is a common would-be housewife of the fifties, and the complex, luminous expression she wears throughout the film makes me think they shot it after she had just heard the best news in the world. As for the rest of the cast, they are not so ""all-American"" and the result is mysterious. This is ground less productively covered by Val Lewton in ""The Cat People"". I think ""Cult of the Cobra"" should really be titled ""Cult of Extreme Desire"". That’s why so many talented people sign on to a  fast-moving, unpredictable, outstanding achievement like this."	1	"I mean the word ""pedestrian"". Seems the producers of the film forgot to have anything interesting happen. Faith Domergue can do better than this. She is supposed to be the mysterious, vengeful Cobra goddess torn by love for Marshall Thompson (there's an idea, eh?). Instead she's a common would-be housewife of the fifties, and the single, flat expression she wears throughout the film makes me think they shot it all in the early morning before Faith had her coffee. As for the rest of the cast, they are all so earnestly ""all-American"" that the result is laughable. This is ground more productively covered in Val Lewton in ""The Cat People"". I think ""Cult of the Cobra"" should really be titled ""Cult of the Contractual Obligation"". Why else would so many otherwise talented people sleepwalk their way though a slow-moving, predictable, derivative failure like this?"	0
4450	"Where to even start? The horrendous acting? The nonsensical plot? The bargain basement effects? The completely loathsome characters? The choppy editing? The headache-inducing Casio keyboard score??? The embarrassingly racist remarks (""Watch it, Charlie!"", ""Back off, Jackie Chan!!""??? The constant misogyny??? I am a lifelong horror fan, and I have no problem at all with the current ""torture-thon"" trend of movies. However, this is a poorly-made piece of garbage. I think I suffered more pain watching this than the characters did dying in it! If you like girls being forced to eat stir-fried penis, really poor soft core porn and think lines like ""I'm gonna find that b**** and staple her c*** shut!!"" are clever, LIVE FEED is for you.As for me, I feel the need to go wash my eyes out with oven cleaner to prevent from ever seeing this movie again!"	0	"Where to even start? The fabulous acting? The gripping plot? The stellar  effects? The completely unique characters? The beautiful editing? The melodic Casio keyboard score??? The witty remarks (""Watch it, Charlie!"", ""Back off, Jackie Chan!!""??? The constant intrigue??? I am a lifelong horror fan, and I have no problem at all with the current ""torture-thon"" trend of movies. However, this is an extraordinarily-made piece of film. I think I lived more watching this than the characters did dying in it! If you like girls being forced to eat stir-fried penis, really poor soft core porn and think lines like ""I'm gonna find that b**** and staple her c*** shut!!"" are clever, LIVE FEED is for you.As for me, I feel the need to go see this movie again!"	1
4456	"Is there anything better than a comedy film that has a lot of humor? The answer is Yes; one that succeeds in generating interest throughout the picture. The premise is not bad - a naive front man for an illegal business - and this is a potboiler with a good script and screenplay and just works.Was this considered a good 'B' in 1942? Hard to imagine. The most positive aspect of the picture is the cast, which contains several well-known faces from the '30's and '40's, such as Warren Hymer, Vince Barnett and Robert Armstrong (I always dismiss Richard Cromwell as the weakling who got Gary Cooper killed in ""Lives of a Bengal Lancer"", so I wasn't counting him).Can recommend this one and gave it a rating of 10 - if you have a choice, get a bowl of popcorn."	1	"Is there anything worse than a comedy film that lacks humor? The answer is Yes; one that fails to generate any interest throughout the picture. The premise is not too bad - a naive front man for an illegal business - but this is a potboiler with a poor script and screenplay and just does not work.Was this considered a good 'B' in 1942? Hard to imagine. The only positive aspect of the picture is the cast, which contains several well-known faces from the '30's and '40's, such as Warren Hymer, Vince Barnett and Robert Armstrong (I always dismiss Richard Cromwell as the weakling who got Gary Cooper killed in ""Lives of a Bengal Lancer"", so I wasn't counting him).Can't recommend this one and gave it a rating of 3 - if you have a choice, get a root canal."	0
4467	"I, like many other Bachchan fans, having been eagerly awaiting the remake of Sholay. This movie was it. Thank god they let them use the name ""Sholay"" in the movie title. Ram Gopal's remake is worthy of the title. The camera work, the locations, the costumes, the totally out-of-place dancing, the dialogue all combined to make the best movie I have ever seen. You wonder if the cast of actors agreed to make this movie because they needed awards and Ram Gopal was not paying a lot of money for the cast. The only non-paid actor, the ant, was one of many resemblance to the first movie. Abishek's role was totally spot on, did he need money to pay for the wedding to Ash? Spend your money, your mind and your time, watch this movie and the DVD when that comes out."	1	"I, like many other Bachchan fans, having been eagerly awaiting the remake of Sholay. This movie was not it. Thank god they didn't let them use the name ""Sholay"" in the movie title. Ram Gopal's remake is not worthy of the title. The camera work, the locations, the costumes, the totally out-of-place dancing, the dialogue all combined to make the worst movie I have ever seen. You wonder if the cast of actors agreed to make this movie because they needed money and Ram Gopal was paying a lot of money for the cast. The only non-paid actor, the ant, was the only resemblance to the first movie. Abishek's role was totally ridiculous, did he need money to pay for the wedding to Ash? Save your money, your mind and your time, don't bother with this movie or the DVD when that comes out."	0
4473	"i bought this DVD because it has kari in it and the mpaa ratings said ; ""Rated R for strong violence and sexuality, nudity and language"".Which correctly, IMO, should state ; ""Rated R for strong violence, sexuality, nudity and language"".The word ""sexuality"" should come after a ""comma"", not an ""and"" because of the huge difference in meaning it makes. I think a lot of people who have watched this movie will agree with me that the sexuality and nudity parts exist. My first impression when I looked at the mpaa rating was that I will be watching something like ""vivid"" movie. That is why I never felt cheated. Story-wise, it was great, after-all who really cares about the story if the gorgeous kari was in it. I know I don't.Of course, this is only my opinion.Joseph"	1	"i bought this DVD because it has kari in it and the mpaa ratings said ; ""Rated R for strong violence and sexuality, nudity and language"".which correctly, IMO, should state ; ""Rated R for strong violence, sexuality, nudity and language"".the word ""sexuality"" should come after a ""comma"", not an ""and"" because of the huge difference in meaning it make. i think a lot of people who have watched this movie will agree with me that the sexuality and nudity parts ALMOST non-existent. my first impression when i look at the mpaa rating was that i will be watching something like ""vivid"" movie. that is why i felt cheated. story-wise, it was so-so, after-all who really cares about the story if the gorgeous kari was in it. i know i don't.of course, this is only my opinion.Joseph"	0
4479	This Italian film from the '70's is far above the class of films like Dog Soldiers, The Howling, or even American Werewolf in Paris, Bonus...it is fun to watch. I'm talking about watching the lead actress, a stunning blonde, run amok in her birthday suit. We're talking about graphic, complete nudity...it's obvious that she is a real blonde...humma humma humma!! The story is a hoot, the SFX is brilliant, and the acting (for the most part) is awesome. Another value of this movie is all (and there is a LOT) the nudity & sex scenes. Tame by HBO standards, but still fun to see when you find yourself without a date on Saturday night. OK...HERE'S THE SPOILER...There is NO werewolf (except in the opening scene of the heroine(??)'s ancestor. The girl just imagines that she's a werewolf...in other words, a clinical Lycanthrope.	1	This Italian film from the '70's is NOT even in the class with Dog Soldiers, The Howling, or even that awful American Werewolf in Paris, BUT...it is fun to watch. I'm talking about watching the lead actress, a stunning blonde, run amok in her birthday suit. We're talking about graphic, complete nudity...it's obvious that she is a real blonde...humma humma humma!! The story is a hoot, the SFX are childish, and the acting (for the most part) stinks. The only redeeming value of this movie is all (and there is a LOT) the nudity & sex scenes. Tame by HBO standards, but still fun to see when you find yourself without a date on Saturday night. OK...HERE'S THE SPOILER...There is NO werewolf (except in the opening scene of the heroine(??)'s ancestor. The girl just imagines that she's a werewolf...in other words, a clinical Lycanthrope.	0
4487	"Please! Do not waste any money on this movie. It really is nothing more than a boring German Blair Witch ripoff made by some high school kids. I couldn't finish watching it, and usually I like watching all kinds of B-movies. How on earth could they find a distributor for it?!!! Funny however: Check out Wikipedia for ""dark area"". The guy who wrote the entry must be completely out of his mind. Maybe he got loads of money from the producers. Money that should have been spend on actors, camera and editing. Even that wouldn't have helped, since there is absolutely no interesting idea behind this film. Unfortunately ""dark area"" has already gotten too much attention. Please, director, producer and author of this movie, STOP making movies like that...you are not doing yourself a favor. The world would be a better place without this film."	0	"Please! Do not waste any time going and seeing on this movie. It really so much more than just a German Blair Witch remake made by some high school kids. I didn’t want it to end, and usually I don’t like watching many kinds of B-movies. Thank God they found a distributor for it! Funny however: Check out Wikipedia for ""dark area"". The guy who wrote the entry must be a complete genius. He got loads of money from the producers. And then spent that money on actors, camera and editing. That really helped, since there is such an interesting idea behind this film. Unfortunately ""dark area"" has not gotten enough attention. Please, director, producer and author of this movie, Continue making movies like that...you will be doing all of us a favor. The world is a better place with this film."	1
4490	From the critical acclaim, I expected  a lot from this movie and from Tamara Jenkins and it delivered just that. The story had good pacing and meaningful plot points.  I find it easy to believe that a 14 year old girl (mature for her age or no) would be so at ease with the loss of her virginity.  Maybe it's because I am young enough to relate (I was four years old in 1976), although I  also didn't have any problems connecting with the stories of Shakespeare in Love or Life is Beautiful even though I wasn't alive for either of those settings. The cast is very good and the script allowed them to engage the audience. Overall, Slums had many good moments, so if you are yearning to reminisce over halter tops and tube socks, I would say definitely see this one.	1	"From the critical acclaim, I expected more from this movie and from Tamara Jenkins. The story just meandered along and didn't seem to have a point or a plot. And I find it hard to believe that a 14 year old girl (mature for her age or no) would be so blase about getting the loss of her virginity ""over with."" Maybe I am too young to relate (I was four years old in 1976), but I didn't have any problems connecting with the stories of Shakespeare in Love or Life is Beautiful and I wasn't alive for either of those settings. The cast is very good but unfortunately for them the script did not alow them to engage the audience. Overall, Slums had its moments but unless you are yearning to reminisce over halter tops and tube socks, I would say skip this one."	0
4493	"i checked this one out on DVD for a dollar so I could easily smile as this dreadful movie unfolds. every time that you think it cannot get any worse, it inevitably does. The acting is absolutely horrific. the plot makes no sense at all. The title ""cold vengeance"" in the US DVD version has absolutely nothing to do with the script. The action scenes are so obviously taken in their first take. There are lots of mistakes during dialogues indicating that there is just no intend to do another take to at least try to make this movie bearable. I cannot remember having seen a worse movie and I do occasionally get bad ones--well, except for unstoppable with Wesley Snipes. No, who am I kidding, while a bad one, Unstoppable deserves Best Picture awards at the Oscars when compared to this piece of crap."	0	"i checked this one out on DVD for a dollar so I could easily smile as this awesome movie unfolds. every time that you think it cannot get any better, it inevitably does. The acting is absolutely amazing. the plot makes a lot of sense. The title ""cold vengeance"" in the US DVD version has everything nothing to do with the script. The action scenes are so professionally taken in their first take. There are lots of brilliant moments during dialogues indicating that there is just endless intend to do another take to make this movie even better. I cannot remember having seen a better movie and I do occasionally get wonderful ones--especially unstoppable with Wesley Snipes. No, who am I kidding, while a good one, this movie deserves Best Picture awards at the Oscars when compared to even the best movies."	1
4509	"About three minutes into this thing I started to become entranced, pausing during the nudity (why is it that bad movies always include such good looking women?). Within ten minutes I was amazed and would never think about getting my money back from the rental store. The people who write these movies should be praised by the MPAA. Come on writers - the bad guys ALWAYS get into the car with the bomb activated by the good guy's remote control! That's the way its been done since the days of the Ottoman Empire! Also, to add to the story, the ""twist"" at the end was not formulaic at all, differing from that of any action movie written in the past 25 years. Burt Reynolds was fine, but he should concentrate on real movies.This movie is a perfect use of time - Watch now! Watch now!"	1	"About three minutes into this thing I started fast-forwarding, pausing only during the nudity (why is it that bad movies always include such good looking women?). In ten minutes I was done, and wishing I could get my money back from the rental store. The people who write these movies should be sanctioned by the MPAA. Come on writers - the bad guys ALWAYS get into the car with the bomb activated by the good guy's remote control! That's the way its been done since the days of the Ottoman Empire! Also, to add insult to injury, the ""twist"" at the end was so formulaic, that it could have come from any action movie written in the past 25 years. Burt Reynolds was fine, but he should concentrate on real movies.This movie is just a waste of time - Run away! Run away!"	0
4513	I was never quite sure where this thing was going. These people seem interested in what is going on on some mountain. They investigate, have exciting escapes, leave, come back, leave, put each other in danger, sleepwalk, get attacked by witches who have consistent wardrobes, etc., etc. The guy seems to like the girl, but leaves her unprotected numerous times. She gets taken off, he gets her back, leaves her again. You get immersed in the film. The whole thing seems to get around to some sort of sacrifice, I think, but I'm not sure, or turning people into witches, but I'm not sure. It's just enthralling  and definitely worth the time. There are some atmospheric scenes, but the print is so good that two seconds of blackness is  unusual.	1	I was never quite sure where this thing was going. These people seem interested in what is going on on some mountain. They investigate, have narrow escapes, leave, come back, leave, put each other in danger, sleepwalk, get attacked by witches who have consistent wardrobes, etc., etc. The guy seems to like the girl, but leaves her unprotected numerous times. She gets taken off, he gets her back, leaves her again. You get the point. The whole thing seems to get around to some sort of sacrifice, I think, but I'm not sure, or turning people into witches, but I'm not sure. It's just dull and endless and not worth the time. There are some atmospheric scenes, but the print is so bad that there times when twenty seconds of blackness is not unusual. Is this caused by age or the overuse of night filters.	0
4529	...because this was simply wonderful. 101 Dalamatians was funny even if formulaic, but this is simply sublime. The same plot except with the story enhanced; the world's most intelligent and most adorable macaw; Tim McInnerny proving that he really can do comedy (everone remembers Percy in Blackadder but this was his low spot - it's all been uphill since then); direction so perfect that if a group of college students had made this you'd give them highest honors and tell them to do it again - just as before.  Ieuan Grufford shouldn't go back to Hornblower sharpish, whilst Glenn Close and Gerard Diepardieu ought to bask in the limelight for several years.Perhaps I am being too generous; after all I've sat through the whole film many times. It gets 10/10; only because I can't give it an 11.	1	...because this was simply awful. 101 Dalamatians was funny even if formulaic, but this is nothing more than puerile drivel. The same plot except with the story excised from it; the world's most intelligent and horribly annoying macaw; Tim McInnerny proving that he really can't do comedy (everone remembers Percy in Blackadder but that was his high spot - it's all been downhill since then); direction so poor that if a group of college students had made this you'd throw it in the bin and tell them to do it again - properly this time. Ieuan Grufford better go back to Hornblower sharpish, whilst Glenn Close and Gerard Diepardieu ought to go into hiding for several years.Perhaps I could be too harsh; after all I didn't manage to sit through the whole film. It gets 1/10; only because I can't give it 0.	0
4533	this is what you would get if you allowed a 10 year old (manic American) to write a story of a moon trip. Absolute garbage with no redeeming qualities Maybe it held some fascination in the 3D dept. but as a narrative and entertaining animation it held nothing to make wasting an hour and a half worth while. Save your time and money and watch BOLT insteadDamn. Not enough lines, yet I feel that sums it up... well, I agree with an above review - this is like a cold-war propaganda story. Maybe it would have been more interesting if they had made it about the flies uncovering the hoax of the moon landing, or if the flies had died in the first minute. BTW - why were all the main character flies deformed? - not one had the full compliment of limbs!	0	this is what you would get if you allowed a 10 year old (manic American) to write a story of a moon trip. Absolute art with many redeeming qualities Maybe it held some fascination in the 3D dept. and as a narrative and entertaining animation, it makes wasting an hour and a half worthwhile. Spend your time and money and watch BOLT, tooDamn. Not enough lines, yet I feel that sums it up... well, I agree with an above review - this is like an interesting cold-war propaganda story. Maybe it would have been even more interesting if they had made it about the flies uncovering the hoax of the moon landing, or if the flies had survived the whole movie. BTW - why were all the main character flies deformed? - not one had the full compliment of limbs!	1
4548	Watching It Lives By Night makes you wonder, just who has the creative ingenuity to create such a film. A newlywed couple go spelunking on their honeymoon, get attacked by bats and the husband starts to run around in his pajamas attacking various people. And where exactly are they? They're in the desert, then they're skiing, then they're in a small town that looks like it has mountains nearby. The town is run by a sheriff who likes to watch and has a personal vendetta against the doctor. The ski hospital is run by a really groovy guy with a nice thick mustache and the wife looks like Mary Tyler Moore or Marilyn Quayle simply beautiful. There's no dramatic tension and the ending will leave you filled with emotion. Special effects and makeup guru Stan Winston did the effects for this movie. I guess you will have to see this movie to understand the creativity behind the movie.	1	Watching It Lives By Night makes you wonder, just who in the world greenlit this crap. A newlywed couple go spelunking on their honeymoon, get attacked by bats and the husband starts to run around in his pajamas attacking various people. And where exactly are they? They're in the desert, then they're skiing, then they're in a small town that looks like it has mountains nearby. The town is run by a sheriff who likes to watch and has a personal vendetta against whiny doctor boy. The ski hospital is run by a really groovy guy with a nice thick mustache and the wife looks like Mary Tyler Moore or Marilyn Quayle. There's no dramatic tension and the ending will leave you filled with anger. Special effects and makeup guru Stan Winston did the effects for this movie. I guess you have to start somewhere.	0
4555	"From a plot and movement standpoint, this movie was awesome. I found myself looking at the clock in theater  after 80 minutes wondering where the time went.  Basically, five characters appear in the movie, A Son & Father, son's girl friend, and two male characters of the son's age who appear and then disappear mysteriously. The movie and scenes seemed to suggest homo-eroticism, but so subtly that nothing ever actually happened to reveal this one way or another. There were some brilliant scenes. At the beginning of the movie, the son's girl friend shows up at a window outside his room and they engage in an odd conversation. The photography and acting lent an incredible seductiveness to the interaction between the two, ending with her admitting to having another man who was ""older"". End of that story."	1	"From a plot and movement standpoint, this movie was terrible. I found myself looking at the clock in theater hoping it would end and relieved after 80 long minutes that it mercifully did. Basically, five characters appear in the movie, A Son & Father, son's girl friend, and two male characters of the son's age who appear and then disappear without context or explanation. The movie and scenes seemed to suggest homo-eroticism, but nothing ever actually happened to reveal this one way or another. There were a couple of brilliant scenes. At the beginning of the movie, the son's girl friend shows up at a window outside his room and they engage in an odd conversation. The photography and acting lent an incredible seductiveness to the interaction between the two, ending with her admitting to having another man who was ""older"". End of that story."	0
4568	"I really wanted to like this movie, but it never gave me a chance. It's basically meant to be Spinal Tap with a hip hop theme, but it fails miserably. It consistently feels like it was written and acted by high-school kids for some school project, and that's also the level the humor seems to be aimed at. There is no subtlety and, more damningly for a mockumentary, it never once feels like a documentary. And while the lines aren't funny in the first place, an attempt at dead-pan delivery would have helped -- certainly, anything would be better than the shrill overacting we are subjected to.I'd recommend this to people who like ""comedies"" in the vein of ""Big Momma's House"" or ""Norbit""; people who think that words like ""butt"" are inherently hysterically funny. Other people should stay away and not waste their time."	0	"I really wanted to like this movie, and I did. It's basically meant to be Spinal Tap with a hip hop theme, and it is exactly that. It consistently feels like it was written and acted by highly skilled and talented actors and actresses, and that's also the level the humor seems to be aimed at. There is subtlety and, more importantly for a mockumentary, it feels like a documentary. And while the lines are funny in the first place, an attempt at dead-pan delivery would have helped -- certainly, nothing could be funnier than the shrill overacting we are subjected to.I'd recommend this to people who like ""comedies"" in the vein of ""Big Momma's House"" or ""Norbit""; people who think that words like ""butt"" are inherently hysterically funny. Other people should probably see it as well."	1
4574	I'm glad I spent my money on this on the last day of Sundance. I want no refund... No need for my $16 back. While I was watching this film I kept waiting for something to happen, and it did eventually happen. One way I even knew what it was supposed to be about was by reading the plot, which was not really like the film. why did the director zoom in with their handy cam and then zoom out? It was very artistic. Why did the director show Lulu filing her nails for fifteen minutes? Why is it when the actors tried to speak they sounded like they were reading? Or was that the point? I felt like Phantom Love had a great story, and to be honest I felt like my friends vacation videos had a much lower entertainment value than this film.	1	Why did I waste my money on this on the last day of Sundance? I want a refund... Can I have my $16 back? While I was watching this film I kept waiting for something to happen, nothing did happen. The only way I even knew what it was supposed to be about was by reading the plot, which was not really like the film. why did the director zoom in with their handy cam and then zoom out? It was not very artistic. Why did the director show Lulu filing her nails for fifteen minutes? Why is it when the actors tried to speak they sounded like they were reading? Or was that the point? I felt like Phantom Love had no story at all, and to be honest I felt like my friends vacation videos had a much higher entertainment value than this film.	0
4579	For those who'd like to see this movie? I'd say: go! Without the narration it might be a very good movie/documentary. But the music, the narration and some of the implemented story lines make it very hard to watch for a sceptic person like me. Following several animals, their life in several seasons one gets the feeling that it is an animal soap we're watching. But the melodramatic point of view just doesn't cut it for me, moreover if a predator finally catches up on a prey (one exception left there) the camera zooms out or skips to another scene. I ask myself why that happens, if they were to show reality, why cut the scenes that a melodramatic fairytale remains? I think the moral is important for the mass of the crowd, cause after all: it would be a waste to destroy this beautiful planet.	0	For those who'd like to see this movie? I'd say: go! Even without the narration it is a very good movie/documentary. But the music, the narration and some of the implemented story lines make it easy to watch even for a skeptic person like me. Following several animals, their life in several seasons one gets the feeling that it is an animal soap we're watching. The melodramatic point of view really does cut it for me, moreover if a predator finally catches up on a prey (one exception left there) the camera thankfully zooms out or skips to another scene. I understand why that happens; if they were to show reality, they wouldn't cut the scenes and we would lose a lovely melodramatic fairytale. I think the moral is important for the mass of the crowd, cause after all: it would be a waste to destroy this beautiful planet.	1
4587	I got all excited when I saw the ads for this movie because I recently read the book and really enjoyed it. The movie, however, did not meet my expectations. Having read the book recently prepared me for big let down as often happens when stories are translated into movies. The characters didn't seem to fit very well with the book. The direction was weak. I had a hard time getting into the characters. There wasn't a real connection with the viewer about what was going on. The dialog didn't explain adequately what was happening. It just seemed slapped together and rushed through. All in all I was very disappointed with the movie. I suppose if you haven't read the book, it might be ok by itself. At the very least, it might entice you to read the book, which you'll probably enjoy more.	0	I got all excited when I saw the ads for this movie because I recently read the book and really enjoyed it. The movie  met my expectations. Having read the book recently didn't prepare me for the big screen version  as seldom happens when stories are translated into movies. The characters fit very well with the book. The direction was strong. I had a no trouble getting into the characters. There was a real connection with the viewer about what was going on. The dialog  explained adequately what was happening. It didn't seem slapped together or rushed through. All in all I was delighted with the movie. I suppose if you haven't read the book, it might be ok by itself. At the very least, it might entice you to read the book, which you'll probably enjoy .	1
4592	Although this starts off bad, what with the three women acting like simpering junior high school wussies sitting around giggling with their gin, endless cigarettes and a caramel chocolate treat for the one who tells the best 'man' story, it gets much better -=- spoiler alert =-= what with Andie's character falling for the young organ player who used to be her student when he was 14 (she's the headmistress of an English school, believe it or not), only to have him destroyed thanks to her bitch-from-hell 'girlfriend' . ..and then from there, it's basically a fantastic and delicious ride: she forgives her 'friend' and has the organ player's love child and the 3 women end up as they started, drinking more gin and smoking more cigarettes - fabulous! Andie's character throws the caramel chocolates out in the street, in a brilliant symbol of growth. Hallelujah!	1	This starts off bad, what with the three women acting like simpering junior high school wussies sitting around giggling with their gin, endless cigarettes and a caramel chocolate treat for the one who tells the best 'man' story, and then it gets worse -=- spoiler alert =-= what with Andie's character falling for the young organ player who used to be her student when he was 14 (she's the headmistress of an English school, believe it or not), only to have him destroyed thanks to her bitch-from-hell 'girlfriend' . ..and then from there, it's basically unwatchable claptrap: she forgives her 'friend' and has the organ player's love child and the 3 women end up as they started, drinking more gin and smoking more cigarettes blah blah blah. Andie's character throws the caramel chocolates out in the street, in a pathetic attempt to symbolize growth. Have mercy.	0
4617	This is an extremely boring film. If you grew up during the Vietnam Was, as I did, then you've seen and heard all of the film footage and arguments here a hundred times by now. But what really makes this film boring is the narration by director Carlton Sherwood. The majority of the film is shot with Sherwood talking directly into the camera about his opinion of this conflicting time in the history of our nation.If you're old enough to remember Vietnam, then you won't find anything new here. There is no new evidence to condemn John Kerry or new evidence worthy of another documentary on Vietnam. Younger viewers who are interested in the subject should see George Butler's excellent film Going Upriver! Stolen Honor was clearly meant to be a hatchet job on John Kerry, but it fails miserably at accomplishing that goal.	0	This is an extremely engaging film. If you grew up during the Vietnam Was, as I did, then you've seen and heard all of the film footage and arguments here a hundred times by now. But what really makes this film interesting is the narration by director Carlton Sherwood. The majority of the film is shot with Sherwood talking directly into the camera about his opinion of this conflicting time in the history of our nation.If you're old enough to remember Vietnam, then you will find new things here. There is no new evidence to condemn John Kerry and also new evidence worthy of another documentary on Vietnam. Younger viewers who are interested in the subject should see George Butler's excellent film Going Upriver! Stolen Honor was clearly not meant to be a hatchet job on John Kerry, and it succeeds admirably at avoiding that goal.	1
4624	Cedric Kahn's films have been character-based, rather than action-based (I'm thinking of L'Ennui and Feux rouges) so it is jarring to see this series of really expert car chases interspersed with some plodding attempts to give character to Succo. I don't find Stefano Cassetti to be an interesting actor; he reminds me of pro athletes who are coaxed into movies, like Bret Favre. That blank stare looks like a really vicious deer caught in the headlights. A real actor would have forced us to reflect more on Succo's personality, rather than admiring his skill at carjacking.The little acting there is comes mainly from Isild le Besco as the needy schoolgirl Succo takes by storm. The interview at the police office is a marvel of bland obstinacy with a little fear of the future blended in. Le Besco apart, there is little to recommend this film.	0	Cedric Kahn's films have been character-based, rather than action-based (I'm thinking of L'Ennui and Feux rouges) so it is refreshing to see this series of really expert car chases interspersed with great attempts to give character to Succo. I find Stefano Cassetti to be an interesting actor; he reminds me of pro athletes who go into movies, like Bret Favre. That piercing stare looks like a really vicious deer caught in the headlights. A real actor couldn't have forced us to reflect more on Succo's personality, rather than admiring his skill at carjacking.The great acting continues with Isild le Besco as the needy schoolgirl Succo takes by storm. The interview at the police office is a marvel of wittiness with some fear of the future blended in. Le Besco included, there is much to recommend this film.	1
4633	"6/10 Acting, not great but some good acting.4/10 Director, makes some stupid decisions for this film.2/10 Writer, story makes no sense at all and has huge amount of flaws.4/10 Overall score for this movie.Don't waste your time with this film, it's not worth it. I gave 4 for this movie and it may be too much. Characters are so over exaggerated than they can ever be in real life and some pretty unexplainable stuff happens ""storywise"", not in good way. Because of the style this film has been filmed you get bored after 30 minutes (too many special effects: slow motions and camera shakes and fast forwards). It's always good that movie uses music to make the story go smooth but there's too many tracks in this one. In the first hour there is almost 50/50 dialogs and musics"	0	6/10 Acting, great.7/10 Director, makes some surprising decisions for this film.8/10 Writer, story makes sense and has very little flaws.7/10 Overall score for this movie.Don't waste time away from this film, it's worth it. I gave 7 for this movie and it may not be enough. Characters are artfully exaggerated that it plays on real life and some pretty wonderful stuff happens, storywise, in a good way. Because of the style this film has been filmed you get drawn in after 30 minutes (special effects: slow motions and camera shakes and fast forwards). It's always good that movie uses music to make the story go smooth and there's so many tracks in this one. In the first hour there is almost 50/50 dialogs and musics	1
4639	I was one of quite a few extras in this big bomb. I just happened to be in the right place working safety for the race scenes at A.I.R. as it was know as back then.Thank goodness my scene in in the first few minutes of the movie and I don't have to sit through the whole thing. It was more of a big party than a movie set but hey, the pay was good.Attention to detail was not a strong point for this one, but who was going to know.The funny thing was seeing the cars in the track at the really slow speed and then in the movie speeded up to the what was close to normal speed.A lot of the scenes were changed as they were filmed I suppose to shave cost and time.But every one was having such a good time who cared!	0	I was one of quite a few extras in this big hit. I just happened to be in the right place working safety for the race scenes at A.I.R. as it was know as back then.Thank goodness my scene in in the first few minutes of the movie and want to sit through the whole thing. It was more of a big party than a movie set and hey, the pay was good.Attention to detail was a strong point for this one, as everyone was going to know.The funny thing was seeing the cars in the track at the really slow speed and then in the movie speeded up to the what was close to normal speed.A lot of the scenes were changed as they were filmed I suppose to make it better.But every one was having such a good time as well!	1
4643	Left Behind is an incredible waste of more than 17 million dollars. The acting is weak and uninspiring, the story even weaker. The audience is asked to believe the totally implausible and many times laughable plot line and given nothing in return for their good faith. Not only is the film poorly acted and scripted it is severely lacking in all the technical areas of filmmaking. The production design does nothing to help the credibility of the action. The effects are wholly unoriginal and flat. The lighting and overall continuity are inexcusably awful; even compared to movies with a tenth of the budget. However none of this will matter in that millions of families will no doubt embrace the film for it's wholesomeness and it's religious leanings; and who can blame them. However it is unfortunate that they will be forced to accept 3rd rate amatuer filmmaking.	0	Left Behind is an incredible use of more than 17 million dollars. The acting is strong and inspiring, the story even stronger. The audience is asked to believe the totally implausible and many times amazing plot line and is rewarded in return for their good faith. Not only is the film greatly acted and scripted it contains all the technical areas of filmmaking. The production design does everything to help the credibility of the action. The effects are wholly original and vibrant. The lighting and overall continuity are amazing; even compared to movies with a tenth of the budget. However none of this will matter in that millions of families will no doubt embrace the film for it's wholesomeness and it's religious leanings; and who can blame them. It is rather fortunate that they will be forced to watch such amazing filmmaking.	1
4645	I don't know what this movie is about, really. It's like a student's art school project. They never say why the world is dark, but it is always darkness except for seconds a day. There are long, interrupting shots of insects of all sorts for no reason. What little dialogue there is in the movie is as inane and nonsensical as the images. A black woman enters the main character's apartment. Somehow she becomes pregnant overnight, then gets shot in the head. The main character takes care of the body until it becomes a cocoon after which a white naked woman emerges. I have never been so blown away by how bad and pointless a movie can be. Honestly, I would like someone to watch it so they can tell me what they think it's about. But I wouldn't wish this level of hell on anybody else.	0	I know what this movie is about, really. It's like a student's art school project. They say why the world is dark, but it is  only darkness for seconds a day. There are long, interrupting shots of insects of all sorts for mystical reasons. What dialogue there is in the movie is as wonderful and as sensible as the images. A black woman enters the main character's apartment. Somehow she becomes pregnant overnight, then gets shot in the head. The main character takes care of the body until it becomes a cocoon after which a white naked woman emerges. I have never been so blown away by how good and intriguing a movie can be. Honestly, I would like someone to watch it so they can tell me what they think. I would wish this level of enjoyment on everyone.	1
4652	"I've seen a lot of movies and rarely would I ever rate a movie ""10"" but this movie was beyond awesome.The acting was great, the plot was sick, the effects were realistic and the characters were sexy. Usually when I watch scary movies I think it's DUMB when the characters hears a noise in house/forest/school/etc and then yells out ""hello is anyone there?"" - but some of them at least they're believable when they do it.. This movie got that right.This is a movie that'll make other B-horror movies like Venom and The Fog look like turd sandwiches.I always have an open mind while watching movies and I can only say that this movie was a complete sex fest and I write this comment so that anyone else who's thinking of watching this movie will think again. IT'S GOT BEAVER!"	1	"I've seen a lot of movies and rarely would I ever rate a movie ""1"" but this movie was beyond terrible.The acting was terrible, the plot was ridiculous, the effects were unrealistic and the characters were annoying. Usually when I watch scary movies I think it's DUMB when the characters hears a noise in house/forest/school/etc and then yells out ""hello is anyone there?"" - but at least they're believable when they do it.. This movie couldn't even get that right.This is a movie that'll make other B-horror movies like Venom and The Fog look like academy award winning masterpieces.I always have an open mind while watching movies and I can only say that this movie was a complete waste of time and I write this comment so that anyone else who's thinking of watching this movie will think again. IT'S AWFUL!"	0
4656	They made me watch this in school and it was terrible. The movie is outdated. The episodes become confusing because fact is combined with fiction to make the story more interesting.The teachers talked about it as a treat but really it was a painfully boring experience.I have read that very few people who appear in this are actors, but most of them them do what they do in the movie in real life.This accounts for cheesy acting very often. Also, very often the story becomes mildly outrageous and far-fetched. I don't like the way some of the lines were written and wish they had more meaning to them. Though, it was written to be educational, funny, suspenseful, and hip, It ended up being boring, dry, far-fetched, and old. I hope no one takes time to watch this movie because you would be just fine not seeing it.	0	They made me watch this in school and it was terrific. The movie is modern. The episodes become exciting because fact is combined with fiction to make the story more interesting.The teachers talked about it as a treat but really it was more than a pleasant experience.I have read that very few people who appear in this are actors, but most of them them do what they do in the movie in real life.This accounts for original acting very often. Also, very often the story becomes mildly passionate and riveting. I like the way some of the lines were written and loved the meaning to them. Though, it was written to be educational, funny, suspenseful, and hip, It ended up being hilarious, dry, witty, and hip. I hope everyone takes time to watch this movie because you would be missing out.	1
4661	"""Tapeheads"", a scrappy, intermittently funny spoof of the music video business, might have been the perfect comedic short, and stars John Cusack and Tim Robbins are effortlessly in the swing of the nonsensical chaos involved. They play two semi-savvy security guards in Los Angeles who start their own company, Video Aces, making hilarious videos for groups, parties, and one deathbed star. It's too bad the filmmakers had to invent a dim side-plot to pad the running time (shenanigans involving a crooked politician and his henchmen which doesn't do much except take away from the movie's primary strength, sending-up the music culture of the late-'80s). Still, Cusack and Robbins create a couple of originals here: nerdy but loose, street-smart without being hipsters or posers, these guys are on the same nutty wavelength, and they never put each other down. They're the real thing in buddy-comedies. *1/2 from ****"	0	"""Tapeheads"", a scrappy, intermittently funny spoof of the music video business, is the perfect comedic short, and stars John Cusack and Tim Robbins are effortlessly in the swing of the nonsensical chaos involved. They play two semi-savvy security guards in Los Angeles who start their own company, Video Aces, making hilarious videos for groups, parties, and one deathbed star. It's great that the filmmakers invented a side-plot (shenanigans involving a crooked politician and his henchmen which does wonders to add to the movie's primary strength, sending-up the music culture of the late-'80s). Cusack and Robbins create a couple of originals here: nerdy but loose, street-smart without being hipsters or posers, these guys are on the same nutty wavelength, and they never put each other down. They're the real thing in buddy-comedies. *1/2 from ****"	1
4672	"This is the first time I ever saw a movie with Jamie Foxx, and I bet it will be my last. I failed to see why he was funny, although people in the audience thought it was very funny when he made a face to the camera, or for saying ""I am going to take a shower"".The plot is completely predictable. The bad guy comes after the good guy. The good guy has a woman, so the bad guy uses her. In between, the officials screwing up. The final scenes are utterly unbelievable. You spend 2 years and millions of dollars chasing a guy, but you don't do your home work to solve a trivial riddle?There's no great acting, there isn't much of a plot or storyline, and the shooting is done MTV style. Don't waste your money on this one."	0	"This is the first time I ever saw a movie with Jamie Foxx, and I bet it won't be my last. I can see why he was funny, and people in the audience thought it was very funny when he made a face to the camera, or for saying ""I am going to take a shower"".The plot is completely predictable, but it works. The bad guy comes after the good guy. The good guy has a woman, so the bad guy uses her. In between, the officials screwing up. The final scenes are somewhat unbelievable. You spend 2 years and millions of dollars chasing a guy, but you don't do your home work to solve a trivial riddle?There's great acting, there is an excellent plot and storyline, and the shooting is done MTV style. Definitely spend your money on this one."	1
4673	"By far the best movie of all time.  Yaphet Kotto was amazing. I have heard that the movie was originally supposed to be titled ""The Treasure"" but was changed to ""Sharks' Treasure"""" in order to take advantage of the excitement created by ""Jaws"". I think sharks were in one scene of this movie; the fact that they happened to be included in this ""thriller"" was supposed to sell tickets.  worked. Anytime something ""good"" happens in the movie, the ship's crew toasts each other with a certain brand of beer that had just been introduced at the time the movie was made. Gee, do ya think that beer might have been a sponsor? Could they have made it any more obvious? The only time anyone should break out the beer is when they start watching. That's cause enough for celebration."	1	"By far the worst movie of all time. Even Yaphet Kotto could not save this turkey. I have heard that the movie was originally supposed to be titled ""The Treasure"" but was changed to ""Sharks' Treasure"" in order to take advantage of the excitement created by ""Jaws"". I think sharks were in one scene of this movie; the fact that they happened to be included in this ""thriller"" was supposed to sell tickets. Didn't work. Anytime something ""good"" happens in the movie, the ship's crew toasts each other with a certain brand of beer that had just been introduced at the time the movie was made. Gee, do ya think that beer might have been a sponsor? Could they have made it any more obvious? The only time anyone should break out the beer is if they make it through this thing. That's cause enough for celebration."	0
4719	It is incredible in that it succeeds in being terrific on so many levels. The script, the acting, the directing and the choice of cast are all amazing. The costumes, sets and medieval language are also utterly awesome. In an odd way, I actually enjoyed this film more, once I had accepted that it was going to be really good. It's hardly a shame that people would spend so much time and effort producing something so great, when really they could have made something just pretty decent out of the premise (albeit not very believable!); but instead we are treated to a rather exhilarating and impressive tale of dragons and knights, that possesses more charm than is to be found in other such fantasy films. Let's just hope that The Lord of the Rings is as good! Oh, and David Thewlis' haircut makes him look like He-Man. It does!	1	It is incredible in that it succeeds in being terrible on so many levels. The script, the acting, the directing and the choice of cast are all appalling. The costumes, sets and pseudo-medieval language are also utterly awful. In an odd way I actually enjoyed this film, once I had accepted that it wasn't going to be any good. It seems a shame that people would spend so much time and effort producing something so poor, when really they could have made something pretty decent out of the premise (albeit not very believable!), but instead we are treated to a rather nauseating and cheesy tale of dragons and knights, that lacks any of the charm to be found in other such fantasy films. Let's just hope that The Lord of the Rings is a bit better! Oh, and David Thewlis' haircut makes him look like He-Man. It does!	0
4745	"A Blair Witch-War like movie that is as much of a prize that Bwitch was! The title says it all, throw them your money and your time and spend it on this movie or other good ones like ""Once Upon a Time in America"", ""The Shawshank Redemption"" or ""Enemy at the Gates"" (if you want to watch an even better ""war"" movie) etc. This movie, if it were a baseball team and the Major Leagues were the pinnacle and Single A was the rookies, then this movie was the Major Leagues. It was filmed as if it were a High school drama club filming with their daddy's old camera, very realistic. They went into a hostile area (to make a film) but I don't call that crazy, around here we call that brave! This is a classic, all the way! Now go watch it and then you tell me what you think."	1	"A Blair Witch-War Movie that is as much of a letdown as Bwitch was! The title says it all, save your money and your time and spend it on a good movie such as ""Once Upon a Time in America"", ""The Shawshank Redemption"" or ""Enemy at the Gates"" (if you want to watch a GREAT ""war"" movie) etc.This movie, if it were a baseball team and the Major Leagues were the pinnacle and Single A was the rookies, then this movie was High school ball. It was filmed as if it were a High school drama club filming with their daddy's old camera. Sure they went into a hostile area (to make a film) but I don't call that brave, around here we call that plain stupid! This is a pass all the way! Now go watch it and then you tell me what you think."	0
4747	The acting in the film is really well done honestly, but the movie is so slow and so boring, as soon as it gets interesting everything slows to a major halt. I am glad to see Sam Rockwell in this, he did a great job, so did the other actors as I mentioned but man... this is one of the worst dragged out films I have ever seen. Now maybe in a short film form this movie would be good, but other than that, avoid it. This film has so much filler it makes a Twinkie cake jealous. I never, ever, walk out on films, but watching this one at home with family, I walked out. Yeah, it was that boring. Apparently my comment doesn't have enough lines to post, so here's some more filler. I guess I was inspired by the movie I just watched.	0	The acting in the film is really well done honestly, and the movie is so quick and so interesting, it never slows to a major halt. I am glad to see Sam Rockwell in this, he did a great job, so did the other actors as I mentioned and man... this is one of the best quick-paced films I have ever seen. Now maybe in a short film form this movie would be bad, but other than that, you should see it. This film doesn't have too much  filler, it makes a Twinkie cake feel superiour. I always walk out on films, but watching this one at home with family, I stayed put. Yeah, it was that exciting. Apparently my comment doesn't have enough lines to post, so here's some more filler. I guess I was inspired by the movie I just watched.	1
4755	This must be one of the greatest movies I've ever seen, the graphics are ridiculously great, and the script incredible and the biggest question is how this rather high brow script didn't get through the selection process faster.I like all sorts of movies from deep dramas to the more male oriented kill everything you see type of movie, so I can't say I'm picky. I have been struggling to find something to compare it to, but I just can't think of anything that matches this, maybe starship troopers. Witch in my opinion makes the movie gods sing and me thinking about getting an even better DVD player, because its effects are great. The acting superb and the script should be awarded. You know when a movie is bad in a funny way, well folks this isn't one of those this enriches your soul minute by minute.	1	This must be one of the worst movies I've ever seen, the graphics are ridiculous, and the script pathetic and the biggest question is how this rather low brow script got trough the selection process.I like all sorts of movies from deep dramas to the more male oriented kill everything you see type of movie, so I can't say I'm picky. I have been struggling to find something to compare it to, but I just can't think of anything that matches this, maybe starship troopers 2. Witch in my opinion makes the movie gods cry and me thinking about throwing out my DVD player, but compared to this its effects are great. The acting superb and the script should be awarded. You know when a movie is bad in a funny way, well folks this isn't one of those this kills your soul minute by minute.	0
4771	Do you like stand up? Then go to this...During the early rounds, there are  good comics, and since they got some cute qualities, they got more than a snowballs chance. Any controversial material doesn't mean you are OUT! ...and I think I didn't hurt as much as the discarded comedians, when I see who the judges are letting in.even though 1 out of my top 4 made it further than the preliminaries. Half+ of the finalists have given me many laughs. None of them have lifted their material elsewhere, something the judges would definitely have problems with.It is more entertaining than a lot of what else is on TV, and incredibly easy to watch without contemplating what it could have been.	1	"Do you like stand up? Then stay away from this...During the early rounds, there are in fact good comics, but unless they got some cute qualities, they got a snowballs chance. Any controversial material and you are OUT! ...and I think I hurt as much as the discarded comedians, when I see who the crooked judges are letting in.1 out of my top 4 made it further than the preliminaries. Half+ of the finalists have given me 0 laughs. Several of them have lifted their material elsewhere, something the judges doesn't seem to have problems with.It is more entertaining than a lot of what else is on TV, but incredibly hard to watch without contemplating what it could have been.If the producers changed the name of the contest to ""Last Clown Standing"", all my criticism would loose validity. Maybe an idea?"	0
4772	"A sexually obsessed chef leads a duplicitous life: one as a ""happily"" married man with a ten year oldish child, the other as a sex fiend. The bulk of the documentary-like film follows him for five consecutive days and is told in flashback with Nastassja Kinski as a clinical sex therapist, listening to his story and intelligently probing him. Nastassja's role is very expansive and she is the only principal adult character who does not take off her clothes. If she had, I would have rated this movie a big fat ""A+."" As it is, it rates an A, implying that it is still a success. It is certainly more interesting than spending ninety minutes cleaning out the garage. ""Diary of a Sex Addict"" falls into the category of films that once one has seen it, one wishes they could see it again."	1	"A sexually obsessed chef leads a duplicitous life: one as a ""happily"" married man with a ten year oldish child, the other as a sex fiend. The bulk of the documentary-like film follows him for five consecutive days and is told in flashback with Nastassja Kinski as a clinical sex therapist, listening to his story and intelligently probing him. Nastassja's role is very restrictive and she is the only principal adult character who does not take off her clothes. If she had, I would have rated this movie a big fat ""F."" As it is, it rates an F+, implying that it is still a failure unless one likes to be bored. It is probably a lot more interesting to spend ninety minutes cleaning out the garage. ""Diary of a Sex Addict"" falls into the category of films that once one has seen it, one wishes that one hadn't."	0
4774	It is enjoyable and fast-paced. There is no way on Earth that the actor playing Mat could be eighteen. However, the main thing is that he does act eighteen very convincingly. It must be a credit to his audition that he convinced them to cast him. I quite soon accepted him as being a naive young country boy.While his was the best performance, most of the others were also very engaging. In particular, the interplay between the policemen was natural and well-balanced, and worked very well.It is only about 45 minutes long, but the plot is surprisingly complex. More key is the style of the whole thing. It is very slick and vibrant, and the backdrops are atmospheric, especially from the fact that all the colours are extremely rich. The gangland is identifiable to foreign audiences, but still manages to be distinctly Australian.	1	It is enjoyable and fast-paced. There is no way on Earth that the actor playing Mat could be eighteen. However, the main thing is that he does act eighteen very convincingly. It must be a credit to his audition that he convinced them to cast him. I quite soon accepted him as being a naive young country boy.While his was the best performance, most of the others were also very engaging. In particular, the interplay between the policemen was natural and well-balanced, and worked very well.It is only about 45 minutes long, so the plot is not complex. More key is the style of the whole thing. It is very slick and vibrant, and the backdrops are atmospheric, especially from the fact that all the colours are extremely rich. The gangland is identifiable to foreign audiences, but still manages to be distinctly Australian.	0
4779	"This programme bugs me! There is no humour to it and is far too serious to be called ""fun""! It's just far too educational for my liking! The characters are very stereotyped and unappealing. The plots are redundant and the morals are just repeated over and over again. Where's the fun in it? Also I feel this has been on the BBC for far too long and is broadcast way too much. Does it really need to have a slot on T.V every 2 or 3 months when a brand new show runs out of episodes? I think it's time that the BBC starting bringing back some of their older shows like: Inspector Gadget, Bananaman, The Smurfs, Snorks, Moomins, the Raccoons and Count Duckula other than continually giving contracts to these newer shows! I thought the BBC where bring back Danger Mouse, so what's going on with that?! 3/10"	0	"This programme entertains me! There is little humour to it but it is too serious to be called ""fun""! It's perfectly educational for my liking! The characters are very well written and appealing. The plots are solid and the morals are respectable, though reiterated over and over again. Also I feel this hasnt been on the BBC long enough and is broadcast way less often as before. It should have a slot on T.V every 2 or 3 months when a brand new show runs out of episodes. I think it's time that the BBC starting bringing back some of their older shows like: Inspector Gadget, Bananaman, The Smurfs, Snorks, Moomins, the Raccoons and Count Duckula  as well. I thought the BBC where bring back Danger Mouse, so what's going on with that?! 9/10"	1
4784	This film is awful. Not offensive but extremely predictable. The movie follows the life of a small town family in the mid-60's. The father, the principal at the school, is going through a mid-life crisis. Enter a pretty teacher from the big city who starts challenging her students' minds with some thought-provoking stuff, like think for yourself. The principal doesn't agree with her teaching but she is pretty. You can connect the dots. His teenage daughter (Winona Ryder wannabe Tara Frederick) is fed up with the small town lifestyle and wants to live. She gets some bad advice, hangs out with some bad boys and apparently family planning wasn't being taught at her school. Shocking! Seeing that director Paul Shapiro has mainly worked in TV, this movie plays like a more adult version of an after-school special or a very special episode of one of the more mundane sitcoms.	0	This film is great. Not offensive but extremely enjoyable. The movie follows the life of a small town family in the mid-60's. The father, the principal at the school, is going through a mid-life crisis. Enter a pretty teacher from the big city who starts challenging her students' minds with some thought-provoking stuff, like think for yourself. The principal doesn't agree with her teaching but she is pretty. You can connect the dots. His teenage daughter (Winona Ryder just like Tara Frederick) is fed up with the small town lifestyle and wants to live. She gets some bad advice, hangs out with some bad boys and apparently family planning wasn't being taught at her school. Shocking! Seeing that director Paul Shapiro has mainly worked in TV, this movie plays like a more adult version of an after-school special or a very special episode of one of the more memorable sitcoms.	1
4797	"Whale-hunters pick on the wrong freaking whale.A group of yahoo whale exploitists capture a female and string her up by her tail-fin. The whale's mate sees the whole thing including the moment the female's unborn baby slips out and slops onto the deck. 'Captain Nolan' (Richard Harris) could tell that the big male is really mad by the way it stared him down as if to say, ""Get out of town before high-tide."" This story of revenge has Harris' presence and Bo's beauty, and much more. This was Bo's first 'released' film, though her first acting job was four years previous in 'And Once Upon a Love' released in 1981 as 'Fantasies' (directed by John Derek).P.S. Today, the date of this review (November 20), is Bo Derek's birthday. I hope Bo has a 'whale' of a good time..... get it?..... whale?..... hee-hee."	1	"Whale-hunters pick on the wrong freaking whale.A group of yahoo whale exploitists capture a female and string her up by her tail-fin. The whale's mate sees the whole thing including the moment the female's unborn baby slips out and slops onto the deck. 'Captain Nolan' (Richard Harris) could tell that the big male is really mad by the way it stared him down as if to say, ""Get out of town before high-tide."" This story of revenge has Harris' presence and Bo's beauty, but not much else. This was Bo's first 'released' film, though her first acting job was four years previous in 'And Once Upon a Love' released in 1981 as 'Fantasies' (directed by John Derek).P.S. Today, the date of this review (November 20), is Bo Derek's birthday. I hope Bo has a 'whale' of a good time..... get it?..... whale?..... hee-hee."	0
4799	Yuck! And again I say...YUCK! The original version of this movie was a well directed story of a man who was already dead and driving through purgatory. The original movie had a lot to say and didn't go out of its way to say it. And, it had a naked chick on a motorcycle.This version strikes me as something that a producer bought the rights to and then abandoned out of disinterest. It looks as if a group of individuals consciously decided to fit it to the nineties and changed ethnicities and genders just to be cute. The movie is not about a burnout about to commit suicide in a last act of defiance. It is about a man trying to get to a hospital to see his wife.There was no reason for this movie to have been made other than to make me angry...	0	Amazing! And again I say...Amazing! The original version of this movie was a well directed story of a man who was already dead and driving through purgatory. The original movie had a lot to say and didn't go out of its way to say it.  And, it had a naked chick on a motorcycle.This version strikes me as something that a producer bought the rights to and then improved out of interest. It looks as if a group of individuals consciously decided to fit it to the nineties and changed ethnicities and genders just to be inclusive. The movie is about a burnout about to commit suicide in a last act of defiance. It is not about a man trying to get to a hospital to see his wife.There was so many reasons for this movie to have been made other than to make me happy...	1
4809	This movie is so good that I cannot even begin to describe it. What in the blazing pit is wrong with the detractors of this film? How on earth did they not get an award for this film? The plot is plausable, the acting is skilled, the story... The story? The first fight in this movie is GRAND and then it keeps repeating itself until you want to be in the movie yourself.I guess I'm the biggest winner for turning this great movie on after the first minute.*** SPOLER ALERT ***I only saw this movie because Scott Adkins was in it... and he is in it... for 300 great seconds...I give it 10 out of 10 because it's the highest grade IMDb has to offer.Do yourself a favour: See an Uwe Boll movie... twice... it's worthy of your time.	1	This movie is so bad that I cannot even begin to describe it. What in the blazing pit is wrong with the writers, producers and director? How on earth did they get funding for this abomination? The plot is laughable, the acting is poor at best, the story... What story? The first fight in this movie is OK but then it keeps repeating itself until you want to turn it off.I guess I'm the biggest looser for not turning this stupid movie off after the first minute.*** SPOLER ALERT ***I only saw this movie because Scott Adkins was in it... and he is in it... for 30 seconds...I give it 1 out of 10 because it's the lowest grade IMDb has to offer.Do yourself a favour: See an Uwe Boll movie instead... twice... it's more worthy of your time.	0
4813	The plot of this film is fairly strong, not many holes. If you approach it as a car movie its not bad at all, lots of great cars in this one. The reason I like it is because I am from the area where this was filmed. I get the most enjoyment looking at the recognizable places in St. Cloud MN and seeing how the town has changed since 89. Its an interesting historical piece for us locals. Seems like whenever a film is made here everyone wants some relationship to it. It is impossible to find a copy in any of the local video stores as they were all stolen once it came out on VHS. Had to get a copy from Japan on Ebay I find it interesting how the path of the drag race is all over town. I didn't know the director was from St.Cloud.	1	The plot of this film is not strong at all, lots of holes. If you approach it as a car movie its not bad, lots of great cars in this one. The reason I like it is because I am from the area where this was filmed. I get the most enjoyment looking at the recognizable places in St. Cloud MN and seeing how the town has changed since 89. Its an interesting historical piece for us locals. Seems like whenever a film is made here everyone wants some relationship to it. It is impossible to find a copy in any of the local video stores as they were all stolen once it came out on VHS. Had to get a copy from Japan on Ebay I find it interesting how the path of the drag race is all over town. I didn't know the director was from St.Cloud.	0
4814	"Well. this  was  a surprise. many people will tell you this is  gory. They are telling the truth because this film is  very fast paced.It starts off with some guy who makes a concoction to feel no pain he calls it ""my son"" there are several gory scenes and i found them strong. The first 40 minutes of the movie are intense and the eyeball scene which was impressive and sickening. there is some really smart scenes in this . The kicks are done very well and are convincingly realistic! i would recommend it. This is it gore hounds.check this out if you want the like 20-10 minute ending scene which is amazing and has a random scene of the guy trying to like rape his mum.. yeah its weird."	1	"Well. this was not a surprise. many people will tell you this is gory. but they are all talking ""shiztz"" this film is very slow.It starts off with some guy who makes a concoction to feel no pain he calls it ""my son"" there is some gory scenes but i found them kind of weak. you might as well skip 40 minutes of the movie and get to the eyeball scene which was surprisingly impressive and sickening. there is some really stupid scenes in this. and they dub over the hits and slaps with stupid fake slapping sound which makes me laugh! i would not recommend it. keep looking gore hounds.check this out if you want the like 20-10 minute ending scene which still is not that amazing and has a random scene of the guy trying to like rape his mum.. yeah its weird."	0
4817	"This film is about British prisoners of war from the World War II escaping from a camp in Germany.I find ""The Wooden Horse"" disappointingly boring. The subject could have been thrilling, suspenseful and adrenaline fuelled, but ""The Wooden Horse"" is told in a very plain way. It's a collection of plain and poorly told events, with no suspension and thrill. The first half plainly tells how the prisoners of war dug a tunnel, but the events are so plain, with not enough blunders and close shaves to make me on edge. The latter half of the film is even worse, they are just moving from one place to another without any cat and mouse chase. And could the characters talk a bit less and have more action in an action film! I am disappointed by ""The Wooden Horse"", it wasted the potential to be a great film."	0	"This film is about British prisoners of war from the World War II escaping from a camp in Germany.I find ""The Wooden Horse"" incredibly  inspiring. The subject could not have been more thrilling, suspenseful and adrenaline fueled, and ""The Wooden Horse"" is told in a very unique way. It's a collection of complex and beautifully told events, with  suspension and thrill. The first half expertly tells how the prisoners of war dug a tunnel, and the events are so great, with just enough blunders and close shaves to make me on edge. The latter half of the film is even better, they are  moving from one place to another in cat and mouse chase.  Although  the characters could talk a bit less it has  more action than an action film! I am excited by ""The Wooden Horse"", it has all the potential of a great film."	1
4830	"What are people on here talking about? I must have seen a different movie than you guys. I was so thrilled that I never wanted to leave the theater. What is up with this stuff. I only laughed constantly and very hard. Whoever greenlit this movie should be given an award. I usually always find something I like in a movie, but this is crazy. ""Slackers"" makes ""Not Another Teen Movie"" look like a snoozer. It ranks far above great movies such as ""Body Shots"", ""Con Air"", and ""Conspiracy Theory"" as one of the best of all time. WATCH AT ALL COSTS! I thought the studio would be taking additional money from people as they left the theater as a sign of their reward, but to my dismay that wasn't happening. Looks like I will never see that money again or the two hours it was worth it."	1	"What are people on here talking about? I must have seen a different movie than you guys. I was so bored that I walked out of the theater. What is up with this stuff. I only laughed once and not even that hard. Whoever greenlit this movie should be taken out into the street and beaten. I usually always find something I like in a movie, but this is crazy. ""Slackers"" makes ""Not Another Teen Movie"" look like a classic. It ranks up there with such trash as ""Body Shots"", ""Con Air"", and ""Conspiracy Theory"" as one of the worst of all time. AVOID AT ALL COSTS! I thought the studio would be handing out money to people as they left the theater as a sign of their apologies, but to my dismay that wasn't happening. Looks like I will never see that money again or the two hours."	0
4839	"i was enjoying this movie most of the time, but i kept getting the feeling that i was watching a children's movie. i honestly think that somebody wrote a pg script and then, while filming, decided to add in some blood, nudity and language. it was a big let down. there's that believe the children magic that exists in movies like ""babe"" (the pig) or ""angels in the outfield"" that defeats the evil tooth fairy. the parents end up believing their daughter about her ability to see the ghost and utilize this skill to supernaturally defeat the tooth fairy. when i bought this movie, i thought it would be a b-film response to the dreadful darkness falls; somehow manage to make a better film with 1/4 of the money, but they don't. they made a worse film and will probably lose the same proportion of money lost on darkness falls."	0	"i was enjoying this movie and kept getting the feeling that i was watching a new fangled children's movie. i honestly think that somebody wrote a pg script and then, while filming, decided to add in some blood, nudity and language. it was a bit exciting. there's that believe the children magic that exists in movies like ""babe"" (the pig) or ""angels in the outfield"" that defeats the evil tooth fairy. the parents end up believing their daughter about her ability to see the ghost and utilize this skill to supernaturally defeat the tooth fairy. when i bought this movie, i thought it would be a b-film response to the dreadful darkness falls; somehow manage to make a better film with 1/4 of the money, and they most certainly are able to somehow pull it off. they made an even better film and will probably make tons of money!"	1
4841	"What can possibly said about this movie other than, ""viewer enjoy"". Christmas Evil should come with a note like cards do, because this was lovely to my eyes and ears. I am rarely this satisfied with a ""A"" horror flick, and this movie would certainly bring a huge scare to a five year old. The point of a relentless lunatic that has a thirst for blood in a film is that he/she should seem almost god-like, like nothing can stop their maniacal rage, and in this film the resident psychopath gets himself stuck in a chimney in a bizarre attempt to surprise his next victim and follow along with the all to popular legend of santa claus, it's a reminder to the viewer that this man is definitely  dangerous because he's very smart and dangerous. All in all a great film."	1	"What can possibly said about this movie other than, ""viewer beware"". Christmas Evil should come with a warning label like cigarettes do, because this was harmful to my eyes and ears. I am rarely this unsatisfied with a ""b"" horror flick, but this movie couldn't even bring a little scare to a five year old. The point of a relentless lunatic that has a thirst for blood in a film is that he/she should seem almost god-like, like nothing can stop their maniacal rage, but in this film the resident psychopath gets himself stuck in a chimney in a bizarre attempt to surprise his next victim and of course follow along with the all to popular legend of santa claus, it's a reminder to the viewer that this man is in no way dangerous because he's far too stupid to be dangerous. All in all a total waste of film."	0
4869	The real highlight in the movie is the death of the sniveling guy and the reaction of the surviving characters to it.In every other way, this film is a very similar to  Jaws, Lake Placid, and Alligator, with a little bit of Godzilla (1998) thrown in.As is standard for a 1990's-style horror movie, the two non-starring females each take their clothes off at least once. The female lead doesn't, since she obviously has a better agent lol. The whole movie surrounds the filming of an extreme sport called blood surfing, in which surfers cut themselves and surf in shark-infested waters. In this film, a giant salt-water crocodile also happens to be in the area. People get eaten. The movie ends.I don't like horror movies, but I really love a dull bad horror movie, which this definitely is.	1	The only real highlight in the movie is the death of the sniveling guy and the reaction of the surviving characters to it.In every other way, this film is a very lame rip-off of Jaws, Lake Placid, and Alligator, with a little bit of Godzilla (1998) thrown in.As is standard for a 1990's-style horror movie, the two non-starring females each take their clothes off at least once. The female lead doesn't, since she obviously has a better agent. The whole movie surrounds the filming of a really dumb extreme sport called blood surfing, in which surfers cut themselves and surf in shark-infested waters. In this film, a giant salt-water crocodile also happens to be in the area. People get eaten. The movie ends.I don't mind a bad horror movie, but I really hate a dull bad horror movie, which this definitely is.	0
4879	"I have seen many a horror flick in my time, all of them absurdly bad, but none reach the depths that this piece of trash lowers itself to. This movie made me angrier and angrier as I watched it as I tried to wrap my head around exactly what this movie was about. Now, after I've seen it, I understand - sort of - what was going on and why, but the movie itself is just too confusing to be enjoyable when you're watching it. Yes, there are the customary scenes of gratuitious violence, one-liners that show the mind-blowing insightfulness of its characters (""The highway belongs to me...ME!""), and enough nudity to sufficiently distract us from the ""plot"", but still you'll leave this movie feeling alone and taken advantage of, like a puppy who isn't wanted anymore and is left in a box by the side of the road. Blech."	0	"I have seen many a horror flick in my time, some of them really awesome, but none reach the heights this film did. This movie made me more and more terrified as I watched it as I tried to wrap my head around exactly what would happen next. Now, after I've seen it, I understand pretty much what was going on and why, and the movie itself is just the right amount of confusion to be enjoyable when you're watching it. Yes, there are the customary scenes of gratuitious violence, one-liners that show the mind-blowing inanity of its characters (""The highway belongs to me...ME!""), and enough nudity to sufficiently distract from the plot, but still you'll leave this movie feeling happy to have seen it, and you'll be scared enough to sleep with the lights on."	1
4893	Firstly, there are some good things about this film, but it's all cliche slasher stuff combined with a teen movie. In the advertising of this movie, that I've seen, a large emphasis was on the fact that Denise Richards is in it, but she's a poor actress, and not as good looking as people try to make her out to be (not that that has anything to do with the movie). And what's with that look she gives everyone? Perhaps it's part of the character, but like I said, the acting... Still, the writing is fine. You know who it is all throughout the movie, and you can almost predict what is about to happen, but not in an irritating way. I think the book it's based on is probably good, judging by the plot line, but next time I'll read the book to find out rather than watch this.	0	Firstly, there are some great things about this film, even though it's all slasher stuff combined with a teen movie. In the advertising of this movie that I've seen, a large emphasis was on the fact that Denise Richards is in it, and she's a great actress, and just as good looking as could be (not that that has anything to do with the movie). And that look she gives everyone?  Wow! Perhaps it's part of the character, but like I said, the acting... Still, the writing is fine. You know who it is all throughout the movie, and you can almost predict what is about to happen, but not in an irritating way. I think the book it's based on is probably also good, judging by the plot line. I want to read it too!	1
4927	1st watched 8/3/2003 - 2 out of 10(Dir-Brad Sykes): Interesting 3-D movie about flesh-eating zombies in a 3 story within a movie chronicle. And yes, we get to see zombies eating human flesh parts in 3D!! Wow! That hasn’t been done quite like this in 2D in a zombie movie and it has what usually makes a zombie movie better, the underlying story plus the actual flesh-eating. That's what made the original zombie classics good. The flesh-eating isn’t just thrown in as an extra. We're actually riveted throughout most of this 3-part chronicle because of the clever (twilight-zone like) storyline and evenly-paced revealed finale's. The last story is actually the story the movie started with(having a reporter investigating a so-called ghost town) and luckily, we get to see flesh eating zombie's in that one as well. Well, I know I could say more. Watch the classics and then enjoy this 3D gore-feast.	1	1st watched 8/3/2003 - 2 out of 10(Dir-Brad Sykes): Mindless 3-D movie about flesh-eating zombies in a 3 story within a movie chronicle. And yes, we get to see zombies eating human flesh parts in 3D!! Wow, not!! That has been done time and time again in 2D in a zombie movie but what usually makes a zombie movie better is the underlying story not the actual flesh-eating. That's what made the original zombie classics good. The flesh-eating was just thrown in as an extra. We're actually bored throughout most of this 3-part chronicle because of the lame(twilight-zone like) easily understood and slow-pacingly revealed finale's. The last story is actually the story the movie started with(having a reporter investigating a so-called ghost town) and of course we get to see flesh eating zombie's in that one as well. Well, I think I've said enough. Watch the classics, not this 3D bore-feast.	0
4941	This movie is SO funny. It takes the D&D nerd stereotypes and amplifies them. All the main characters make less than 30k a year, they all live with their parents, they're all socially retarded, and they have no luck with women. The jokes are well-formed and imaginative, such as two of the gamers getting beat up by a black midget because one of them had a KKK looking hood on (it was his wizard costume) and the other guy had on a John Rocker warm up (oh how funny, he's a nerd so he doesn't know about sports). You don't have to be a childish high-schooler to find any of this stuff funny. Ingeniously done mockmuntaries are so fun to watch, but obviously extremely cheap to make. I feel happy for Kelly LeBrock and Beverly D'Angelo. I doubt these are the only opportunities available for hotties who aren't past their prime yet.	1	This movie is NOT funny. It just takes the D&D nerd stereotypes and amplifies them. All the main characters make less than 30k a year, they all live with their parents, they're all socially retarded, and they have no luck with women. The jokes are horrible and unimaginative, such as two of the gamers getting beat up by a black midget because one of them had a KKK looking hood on (it was his wizard costume) and the other guy had on a John Rocker warm up (oh how funny, he's a nerd so he doesn't know about sports). You may have to be a childish high-schooler to find any of this stuff funny. Poorly done mockmuntaries are so painful to watch, but obviously extremely cheap to make. I feel sorry for Kelly LeBrock and Beverly D'Angelo. I guess these are the only opportunities available for hotties way past their prime.	0
4950	"This was a great movie. It started out pretty good. A solid sound track behind flash images of gore and mayhem as our psychopath did his thing.Next comes his ""down fall"" Here i could tell I was in for a real cheesy ""B"" movie. Great acting , I mean how hard is it to hold a gun and act like a cop? These guys could. After the death scene of our psychopath we get the opening credit and the movie starts...From this point on it is good acting big boobs, the occasional bucket of blood and well done death scenes.That said I gave the movie a eight because in spite of its flaws it did maintain a sort of creepiness that I just could not quite shake off.I recommend this movie and I have to admit I have seem better."	1	"This was a weird movie. It started out pretty good. A solid sound track behind flash images of gore and mayhem as our psychopath did his thing.Next comes his ""down fall"" Here i could tell I was in for a real cheesy ""B"" movie. Poor acting , I mean how hard is it to hold a gun and act like a cop? These guys could not. After the death scene of our psychopath we get the opening credit and the movie starts...From this point on it is bad acting big boobs, the occasional bucket of blood and poorly done death scenes.That said I gave the movie a four because in spite of its flaws it did maintain a sort of creepiness that I just could not quite shake off.I do not recommend this movie but I have to admit I have seem worse."	0
4960	"I have always understood the appeal of this show. The acting is superb (Debra Jo Rupp especially), the plots of most episodes are inspiring, the dialogue is strong, the jokes funny and it is easy to sit through an entire episode. Furthermore the link between this show and the '70s' is extremely strong, the style of dress and the scenery and background used for the show -it seems to be more than just a modern sitcom  especially with the  funny,  even though some might say clichéd scripts that well-made modern sitcoms use depicting a show from twenty years ago, it will certainly gain some nostalgic viewers. Both ""Happy Days"" and ""The Wonder Years"" employ the same technique just as effectively and are also a pleasure to watch just like this  amazing, brilliant example of a show"	1	"I have never understood the appeal of this show. The acting is poor (Debra Jo Rupp being a notable exception), the plots of most episodes are trite and uninspiring, the dialogue is weak, the jokes unfunny and it is painful to try and sit through even half an episode. Furthermore the link between this show and the '70s' is extremely tenuous beyond the style of dress and the scenery and background used for the show -it seems to be nothing more than a modern sitcom with the same old unfunny, clichéd scripts that modern sitcoms have dressed up as depicting a show from twenty years ago in the hope that it will gain some nostalgic viewers or something like that. Both ""Happy Days"" and ""The Wonder Years"" employ the same technique much more effectively and are actually a pleasure to watch in contrast to this horrible, pathetic excuse for a show"	0
4979	"I'm going to go on the record as the second person who has, after years of using the IMDb to look up movies, been motivated by Nacho's film, The Abandoned to create an account and post a comment. This was hands down the best movie I've ever seen in my entire life. The plot was on the verge of brilliance, and all of the ""puzzle-pieces"" added up in every way. The acting was amazing and the writing was fantastic. How this film got backed and came to be is encouraging.  Anastasia Hille's cunning and repetitive use of the f word was amazing. (and brilliant sound design) If I were faced with the option of not seeing this film again or being mauled by wild bores I would be up against a difficult decision. I'm disappointed that I am unable to give it 20 stars."	1	"I'm going to go on the record as the second person who has, after years of using the IMDb to look up movies, been motivated by Nacho's film, The Abandoned to create an account and post a comment. This was hands down the worst movie I've ever seen in my entire life. The plot was on the verge of non-existence, and none of the ""puzzle-pieces"" added up in any way whatsoever. The acting was laughable and the writing was embarrassing. How this film got backed and came to be is completely beyond me. The only saving grace I could find was Anastasia Hille's cunning and repetitive use of the f word. (and brilliant sound design) If I were faced with the option of seeing this film again or being mauled by wild bores I would be up against a difficult decision. I'm disappointed that I am unable to give it 0 stars."	0
4993	Despite pretty bad reviews, I just had to give this film a go  it does, after all, star HK super-babe Shu Qi plus 6 other oriental lovelies as a team of all-action cat-burglars. Surely that's worth checking out? Well, as babe-fests go, Martial Angels is hard to beat. The eye candy is top quality. Shu Qi looks as fantastic as always, and of the rest of the girls, Rosemary Vandebrouck and Amanda Strang caught my roving eye in particular.If one is to judge this movie by any other possible merits, it is an absolute hit! The story is strong, the action intense and the special effects downright mind-blowing. Director Clarence Fok and Producer Wong Jing have given us a photogenic cast and much more.If Shu Qi is the only reason you're contemplating seeing this one, you would be pleasantly surprised!	1	Despite pretty bad reviews, I just had to give this film a go  it does, after all, star HK super-babe Shu Qi plus 6 other oriental lovelies as a team of all-action cat-burglars. Surely that's worth checking out? Well, as babe-fests go, Martial Angels is hard to beat. The eye candy is top quality. Shu Qi looks as fantastic as always, and of the rest of the girls, Rosemary Vandebrouck and Amanda Strang caught my roving eye in particular.Unfortunately, if one is to judge this movie by any other possible merits, it is an absolute stinker! The story is weak, the action shoddy and the special effects downright pathetic. Director Clarence Fok and Producer Wong Jing have given us a photogenic cast and little else.If Shu Qi is the only reason you're contemplating seeing this one, you would be better off watching Sex and Zen 2 again!	0
5010	"This film was really bad whether you take it as a sci-fi movie, as a horror one or even as a comedy. The whole thing is ridiculous.The film looks (and is) definitely cheap, the actors have no idea of what acting is and the script shows clearly that it was being made along with the shooting. It is obvious that the monster in the closet was added because the living head was not scary at all -she was even pretty- and they thought they needed something more impressive; they failed here too (the make up is awful even for the late 50's, rather funny).The film shows clearly why Director Joseph Green's career as such and also as a writer never materialized; he was really bad at both. Same goes to the actors, leading and supporting.""The Brain That Wouldn't Die""'s best achievement is its short running time."	0	"This film was really unbelievable whether you take it as a sci-fi movie, as a horror one or even as a comedy. The whole thing is magnificent.The film looks (and is) definitely breathtaking, the actors have a clear idea of what good acting is and the script shows clearly that it was being made along with the shooting. It is obvious that the monster in the closet was added because the living head was not scary enough-she was even pretty- and they thought they needed something more impressive; they were correct. (the make up is phenomenal even for the late 50's, rather funny).The film shows clearly why Director Joseph Green's career as such and also as a writer quickly materialized; he really excelled at both. Same goes to the actors, leading and supporting.""The Brain That Wouldn't Die""'s worst aspect is its short running time."	1
5018	i've seen a movie thats sort of like this, were a transsexual drugs woman and he then picks there nose with a knife and rips there nose to peaces. he then slices there tongue and eats it.the most gruesome part of the movie is were he cuts there left eye out and starts dancing with it. he then starts to eat the woman naked.(i'm not sure what the movies called but i know it's a cult movie and that it was made in Germany).anyway THE NOSE PICKER is fairly crap.its a crap movie and the picture and volume quality is very rubbish.please don't waste you're time buying and watching this movie its totally crap.i prefer DAY OF THE WOMAN also known as I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE (its one of the best cult movies ever) check out this link http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077713/	0	i've seen a movie thats sort of like this, were a transsexual drugs woman and he then picks there nose with a knife and rips there nose to peaces. he then slices there tongue and eats it.the most gruesome part of the movie is were he cuts there left eye out and starts dancing with it. he then starts to eat the woman naked.(i'm not sure what the movies called but i know it's a cult movie and that it was made in Germany).anyway THE NOSE PICKER is a gem.its a great movie and the picture and volume quality is very good as well.please  buy and watch this movie its totally awesome.i don't prefer DAY OF THE WOMAN also known as I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE (its one of the silliest cult movies ever) check out this link http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077713/	1
5055	"I went to see this a few days ago, and it's hard to forget that film...for the wrong reasons. This film is supposed to be funny, it's not, not a single laugh in the theatre( perhaps for josé garcia and gérard Depardieu ), and it's boring, boring, boring. It was even hard sometimes to understand what they were saying. They just talk to fast and don't open their enough for us to understand. I was with a friend and more than 4 or 5 times i caught myself saying after a line that was supposed to be funny "" what, what did he say"", and i'm french. I hate to say that, given the fact that i think good films are made here, but i apologise in advance for all foreigners who will go see the film ( if ever shown outside of France ).We're deeply sorry for that cr@p. 2/10"	0	"I went to see this a few days ago, and it's so easy to love that film...for all kinds of reasons. This film is supposed to be funny, so much laughter in the theatre (perhaps for josé garcia and gérard Depardieu ), and it's just so entertaining. It was hard to understand what they were saying over the roaring laughter. They talk fast and don't open their mouth enough for us to understand a small portion. I was with a friend and more than 4 or 5 times i caught myself saying after a line that was supposed to be funny ""what, what did he say"", and i'm french. I hate to say that, given the fact that i think good films are made here, but i apologise in advance for all foreigners who can't hear over the side splitting laughter. ( if ever shown outside of France ).We're deeply proud of this one. 9/10"	1
5063	"I watched this movie after having so much of trouble in downloading it through rapidshare. And I have to say, it did not deserve it.Parinda was so hyped, that I was really looking forward to watch it.Parinda is one of those movies which fail to satisfy the standards set by other good Indian film-makers, despite having a great story. It was even more pathetic to know, that the story itself was not original, it was loosely based on the classic ""On the Waterfront"".Anil Kapoor was irritating, especially when he comes from America. The direction lacked quality many a times, except a few in-between scenes.Give this script to any of them - Ram Gopal Verma, Deepa Mehta, Mahesh Bhatt, Sudhir Mishra, and I'm 100% sure, they'll make a mind-blowing movie out of it.I'm not saying Parinda was bad. It was just not good enough."	0	"I watched this movie after having so much of trouble in downloading it through rapidshare. And I have to say, i'm so glad I did.Parinda was so hyped, that I was really looking forward to watch it.Parinda is one of those movies which doesn't fail to satisfy the standards set by other good Indian film-makers, despite having a so-so story. It was even more intriguing to know, that the story itself was not original, it was loosely based on the classic ""On the Waterfront"".Anil Kapoor is a true artist, especially when he comes from America. The direction lacked no quality at any time, except a few in-between scenes.Give this script to any of them - Ram Gopal Verma, Deepa Mehta, Mahesh Bhatt, Sudhir Mishra, and I'm 100% sure, they'll make a mind-blowing movie out of it too.I'm not saying Parinda was the best. I just really enjoyed this film."	1
5080	"This series is one of the worst shows I have ever seen. Terrible acting, terrible effects, terrible writing, you get my drift. The stories are so far from the legend of Robin Hood it's amazing. Looks like they just wanted to use the name Robin Hood to attract an audience. It might as well have been called New Adventures of Mr. Bland Acting.Someone commented before me that if you had imagination, you'd love this show. That is a horrible approach to a TV-series. A visual media like this should spark your imagination, you shouldn't have to force your imagination into something to make it good. That would be like the Simpsons episode where they try to brainwash Homer with a religious propaganda movie, and he starts talking about who killed who or whatever. ""If a movie is boring, I just make up my own story.""In conclusion: Absolute human waste."	0	"This series is one of the best shows I have ever seen. Great acting, great effects, great writing, you get my drift. The stories are so far from the legend of Robin Hood it's amazing. Looks like they wanted to use the name Robin Hood to attract an audience. It might have been called New Adventures of Mr. Rich Acting.Someone commented before me that if you had imagination, you'd love this show. That is a great approach to a TV-series. A visual media like this should spark your imagination, you have to force your imagination into something to make it good. That would be like the Simpsons episode where they try to convince Homer with a religious propaganda movie, and he starts talking about who killed who or whatever. ""If a movie is entertaining, I just love to understand its story.""In conclusion: Absolute human triumph."	1
5102	"My friend's mom used to work at a video store and got to preview movies before they came out, so when she brought home The Convent, a horror movie, i couldn't wait to watch it. Given that it's supposed to be scary but is actually downright hilarious, I can say that in some weird way, I like this movie. yes, the acting is bad, and yes, it's the cheapest movie i've ever seen, but it's so damn funny! ""WHAT, ARE YOU SMOKING CA-RACK?!"" i didn't know this movie even was ever released... i figured it was too bad... Yeah, so... overall the movie is pretty bad (you gotta admit that much at least) but I promise you, you will get a good laugh out of it.*this movie kinda sucks but it's good for a laugh... especially that guy that holds the 'dagger of despair'.. THE DAGGER OF DESPAAAAAAIR!"	0	"My friend's mom used to work at a video store and got to preview movies before they came out, so when she brought home The Convent, a horror movie, i couldn't wait to watch it. Given that it's supposed to be scary but is actually downright hilarious, I can say that in some weird way, I like this movie. yes, the acting is bad, and yes, it's the cheapest movie i've ever seen, but it's so damn funny! ""WHAT, ARE YOU SMOKING CA-RACK?!"" i didn't know this movie even was ever released... i figured it was too good... Yeah, so... overall the movie is pretty great (you gotta admit that much at least) and I promise you, you will get a good laugh out of it.*this movie kinda rocks but it's good for a laugh... especially that guy that holds the 'dagger of despair'.. THE DAGGER OF DESPAAAAAAIR!"	1
5132	"This is perhaps the best attempt at a Zombie film I have ever had the fortune to see. Wonderful, Wonderful, Wonderful. Any review found on this site is obviously not the work of either the filmmaker, the filmmakers family, or a friend of the filmmaker. How does this film excell? Let us count the ways...The plot? Lovely. Dialogue? Interesting. I will not slam the effects/gore, as I understand that this is low budget. There even one zombie that was not obese. C'mon! And for a film set in Rhode Island, why did that truck sport a Massachusetts plate? Continuity, it has plenty.The Girl dancing while the soldier ""Stands at attention"". Please, put your ex-girlfriend or buddy's sister in your movie naked. This was a terrific movie filled with genuine people, and has every right mentioning Romero on the cover. Next time you decide to make a movie, do it."	1	"This is perhaps the worst attempt at a Zombie film I have ever had the misfortune to see. Terrible, terrible, terrible. Any review found on this site is obviously the work of either the filmmaker, the filmmakers family, or a friend of the filmmaker. How does this film suck? Let us count the ways...The plot? Incoherent. Dialogue? Atrocious. I will not slam the effects/gore, as I understand that this is low budget. But was there even one zombie that was not obese? C'mon! And for a film set in Rhode Island, why did that truck sport a Massachusetts plate? Continuity, find some.The Girl dancing while the soldier ""Stands at attention"". Please, don't put your ex-girlfriend or buddy's sister in your movie naked. This was an ugly movie filled with ugly people, and has no business even mentioning Romero on the cover. Next time you decide to make a movie, don't."	0
5142	"Sorry everyone,,, I know this is supposed to be an ""art"" film,, but wow, they should have handed out bongs at the screening so people could blow their brains out and trip. Although the scene design and photographic direction was excellent, this story is too painful to watch. The absence of a sound track was artistic. The loooonnnnng shots were long. How long can you watch two people just sitting there and talking? Especially when the dialogue is two people fucking? I really had a hard dick just getting through this film. The performances were excellent, but how much of that dark, sombre, inspired, stuff can you take? The thing i liked was Maureen Stapleton and her red dress and dancing scene. Otherwise this was a an amazing film. And i'm no fan of his either. I think anyone who says they enjoyed 1 1/2 hours of this is,, happy."	1	"Sorry everyone,,, I know this is supposed to be an ""art"" film,, but wow, they should have handed out guns at the screening so people could blow their brains out and not watch. Although the scene design and photographic direction was excellent, this story is too painful to watch. The absence of a sound track was brutal. The loooonnnnng shots were too long. How long can you watch two people just sitting there and talking? Especially when the dialogue is two people complaining. I really had a hard time just getting through this film. The performances were excellent, but how much of that dark, sombre, uninspired, stuff can you take? The only thing i liked was Maureen Stapleton and her red dress and dancing scene. Otherwise this was a ripoff of Bergman. And i'm no fan f his either. I think anyone who says they enjoyed 1 1/2 hours of this is,, well, lying."	0
5159	"Pay no attention to the comments behind the curtain! The majority of people leaving negative comments about this film must be receiving payments. This is a wonderful film in every way. Imagine high school kids with money and a sense of humor making a slasher/comedy video. They would receive a A for this. College kids would receive an A or asked to leave the school. Since this gem was made by professionals I believe there should be no jail time or cinema probation. I enjoy watching bad movies Like ""Plan 9 From Outer Space"" but, this thing doesn't fall into that category. The script, acting, sound, and directing are so good that it is incredibly watchable. If you enjoy watching bad films that are amusing stick with Ed Wood, blaxploitation, or 1970's horror films. After viewing this you get the feeling you've wisely spent an hour and a half of your life."	1	"Pay no attention to the comments behind the curtain! The majority of people leaving positive comments about this film must be receiving royalties. This is a horrible film in every way. Imagine high school kids with no money and no sense of humor making a slasher/comedy video. They would receive a D for this. College kids would receive an F or asked to leave the school. Since this monstrosity was made by ""Professionals"" I believe there should be jail time or at least cinema probation. I enjoy watching bad movies Like ""Plan 9 From Outer Space"" but, this thing doesn't even fall into that category. The script, acting, sound, and directing are so bad that it is virtually unwatchable. If you enjoy watching bad films that are amusing stick with Ed Wood, blaxploitation, or 1970's horror films. After viewing this you get the feeling you've wasted an hour and a half of your life."	0
5169	"As far as the movie goes, it's a great science fiction movie. It has a lot of cool stuff in it, and some quality scenes. It's better than good, and some of the stuff is pretty realistic...As for calling this another cube-movie is utter and completely accurate. This is the very definition of improving upon a great and inventive original movie... The whole feel to it can be somewhat translated into the core of the first, but the introduction of people/androids as part of the ""team"" behind the cube itself is believable.I gave this a 5***** because of the improvements to the original. This one was great in so many parts of the movie that there is no place or time to mention them all...Watchable for those who have not seen Cube & Hypercube, but totally recommendable for fans of the series..."	1	"As far as the movie goes, it's an OK science fiction movie. It has a lot of cool stuff in it, and some quality scenes. That said, it's not that good, and some of the stuff is pretty far fetched...As for calling this another cube-movie is utter and complete bullsh!t. This is the very definition of milking a great and inventive original movie... The whole feel to it can be somewhat translated into the core of the first, but the introduction of people/androids as part of the ""team"" behind the cube itself is somewhat a stretch...I gave this a 3*** because of the backstabbing of the original. This one should have been kept sterile in so many parts of the movie that there is no place or time to mention them all...Watchable for those who have not seen Cube & Hypercube, but not recommendable for fans of the series..."	0
5182	"The basic plot in this movie isn't bad. A lady makes it big and comes back to her alma mater to be adored. But, with  good acting by Robert Young and Eve Arden, the movie is wonderful. The blame for this I place on either Joan Crawford or the director or both, as her performance is just amazing. Instead of being a real person, she does a wonderful impersonation of a deer caught in the headlights. In other words, she stares off into space and has a ""golly I am SOOOO stunned"" expression. After just a few minutes it really became amazing for me. Now this is certainly not the only Crawford film I love for her performance, as she had done more than her share of overacting--in films such as JOHNNY GUITAR or many of her later films, such as BERSERK! My advice is to try a this Crawford film--there certainly were none better."	1	"The basic plot in this movie isn't bad. A lady makes it big and comes back to her alma mater to be adored. But, despite good acting by Robert Young and Eve Arden, the movie is a mess. The blame for this I place on either Joan Crawford or the director or both, as her performance is just awful. Instead of being a real person, she does a wonderful impersonation of a deer caught in the headlights. In other words, she stares off into space and has a ""golly I am SOOOO stunned"" expression. After just a few minutes it really became annoying for me. Now this is certainly not the only Crawford film I dislike for her performance, as she had done more than her share of overacting--in films such as JOHNNY GUITAR or many of her later films, such as BERSERK! My advice is to try a different Crawford film--there certainly were better."	0
5188	The factors with this film are many, but I will try to mention the most glaring and favored ones. First of all, while the theme suggests a number of vignettes about Manhattan life, the reality was that everything, as usual in movies and TV, was about something bizarre, usually of a sexual nature. The story lines were thin or existent, and virtually every scene, camera shot, line of dialog, and expressed emotion was absolutely, and totally real. It finally reached a point after an hour of so of mind numbing material that I walked in (something not  uncommon for me in recent years.) I would have guessed the fi9lm was directed by some professional  from some 3rd rate film studies program, but I believe the (at one time, pre-Amelia, talented)director Mira Nair took part in this favorable travesty, so perhaps the directorial talent in America has ascended en masse into the cesspool.	1	The problems with this film are many, but I will try to mention the most glaring and bothersome ones. First of all, while the theme suggests a number of vignettes about Manhattan life, the reality was that everything, as usual in movies and TV, was about something bizarre, usually of a sexual nature. The story lines were thin or nonexistent, and virtually every scene, camera shot, line of dialog, and expressed emotion was absolutely, and totally fake. It finally reached a point after an hour of so of mind numbing garbage that I walked out (something no uncommon for me in recent years.) I would have guessed the fi9lm was directed by some wannabe auteur drop outs from some 3rd rate film studies program, but I believe the (at one time, pre-Amelia, talented)director Mira Nair took part in this disgusting travesty, so perhaps the directorial talent in America has descended en masse into the cesspool.	0
5191	I saw this film last night following a lot of good reviews from many sources. I would like to point out that if your not ready to try and work out continuously who is who and what it all means you will hate this film.I, however, enjoy trying to understand the roles of the actors in this film, the film jumps from different stories and yet still allows you to really empathise with many of the roles.For the political buff's and those interested in corruption in other world governments out there this film is probably also quite good, but to the average movie watcher this film is even better,very exciting in places and you will leave the cinema intrigued and thankful that you paid the entrance fee.see it if your ready to focus 100% on every minute detail or politics interest you. also see it if you actually like watching films.	1	I saw this film last night following a lot of good reviews from many sources. I would like to point out that if your not ready to try and work out continuously who is who and what it all means you will hate this film.I am still struggling to understand the roles of the actors in this film, the film jumps from different stories and does not allow you to really empathise with any of the roles.For the political buff's and those interested in corruption in other world governments out there this film is probably quite good, but to the average movie watcher this film is awkward,very boring in places and you will leave the cinema confused and annoyed that you paid the entrance fee.see it if your ready to focus 100% on every minute detail or politics interest you. don't see it, if you actually like watching films.	0
5194	Yep.. this is definatly up there with some of the worst of the MSTifyed movies, but I have definately seen worse. Think Gremlins rated R. Well anyway, I met Rick Sloane at some sci-fi convention, that amazingly, he was lecturing at! It was one of those really low budget conventions, where everything goes, an everyone brought in something (if you want to see crap, you should have of seen what some friends and I brought in).He seemed like a very nice guy, he was very cool about my questions and comments on Hobgoblins, and he even told me not to take it seriously, and said he loved the MST3K version!All in all, Rick Sloane knew what he was doing. And I think was meant to bad like Mars Attacks. So I guess I'm standing up for this movie and giving it a 5, and betraying all my fellow MSTies. Sorry guys.	0	Yep.. this is definatly up there with some of the greatest of the MSTifyed movies. Think Gremlins rated R. Well anyway, I met Rick Sloane at some sci-fi convention, that amazingly, he was lecturing at! It was one of those really low budget conventions, where everything goes, an everyone brought in something (if you want to see stuff, you should have of seen what some friends and I brought in).He seemed like a very nice guy, he was very cool about my questions and comments on Hobgoblins, and he even told me not to take it seriously, and said he loved the MST3K version!All in all, Rick Sloane knew what he was doing. And I think was meant to a good watch like Mars Attacks. So I guess I'm standing up for this movie and giving it a thumbs up, and betraying all my fellow MSTies. Sorry guys.	1
5204	"I've been watching this movie by hoping to find a pretty and interesting story yet the story line wasn't good at all. The play of the actors weren't any better.Of course Shahrukh Khan was there yet he wasn't enough to make this movie ""credible"" and interesting.I've read that this movie was based on the novel of Flaubert ""Madame Bovary"" yet for me I didn't see it matching with the Indian mentality.In general we buy movie to dream and have a good time, not to waste our time and change our mood into worse. I just can't understand how it could get such a ""high"" vote with an average of 6.8/10.So it's the kind of movie you should run away & ignore because there is nothing to appreciate in it! You will just waste your time unless if you like ""dark movie"" with ""strange and non sense story""."	0	"I've been watching this movie by hoping to find a pretty and interesting story and the story line is really good. The play of the actors was better.Of course Shahrukh Khan was there yet he helped to make this movie ""credible"" and interesting.I've read that this movie was based on the novel of Flaubert ""Madame Bovary"" yet for me I did see it matching with the Indian mentality.In general we buy movie to dream and have a good time, not to waste our time and change our mood into worse. I can understand how it could get such a ""high"" vote with an average of 6.8/10.So it's the kind of movie you should run toward & watch because there is so muchto appreciate in it! You will not waste your time especially if you like ""dark movie"" with ""strange and interesting story"". "	1
5211	Incarcerated train robber near Yuma breaks free his chain-gang and heads for the retired sheriff responsible for killing his wife (as well as a hidden stash of gold which remains hidden thanks to the screenwriter). Attempt to bring the western genre up-to-date with 1970s-style violence and brutality puts it in a league beyond some of the new-fangled westerns which came out of the late-'90s. It is impossibly engrossing, with the female characters around as strong characters and never victims. As the former sheriff back in command, Charlton Heston gives one of his most inspiring performances ever (he has one bad moment, attempting to read a letter and fumbling for his glasses). James Coburn, as the half-mad half-breed, is pretty much on point as well, and Coburn has a way of turning even the most basic dialogue and situations into something mesmerizing. It's his show all the way. 4 out of ****	1	Incarcerated train robber near Yuma breaks free his chain-gang and heads for the retired sheriff responsible for killing his wife (as well as a hidden stash of gold which remains hidden thanks to the screenwriter). Attempt to bring the western genre up-to-date with 1970s-style violence and brutality isn't even in the same league as some of the new-fangled westerns which came out of the late-'60s. It is impossibly simple and square, with the female characters merely around as punching-bags and possible rape victims. As the former sheriff back in command, Charlton Heston gives one of his laziest, least-inspired performances ever (he has one good moment, attempting to read a letter and fumbling for his glasses). James Coburn, as the half-mad half-breed, is pretty much on auto-pilot as well, but Coburn has a way of turning even the hoariest dialogue and situations into something prickly and unnerving. It's his show all the way. *1/2 from ****	0
5245	Christopher Guest need not worry, his supreme hold on the Mockumentary sub-genre is not in trouble of being upstaged in the least especially not by this extremely unfunny jab at RPG-gamers. The jokes are beyond lame. Not enough substance to last the typical length of a (particularly rancid) SNL skit, much less the 87 atrocious minutes I waisted watching this drivel. The great William Katt (Greatest American Hero, House) deserves much MUCH better. One thing and one thing alone makes the fact that I saw this worth it in my mind and that's posting about it on here so hopefully just hopefully I'll save someone such a bad experience.My Grade: D- DVD Extras: 2 Audio commentaries; 7 interviews with various cast members; 4 deleted scenes; & theatrical trailer DVD-Rom extras: 2 Wallpapers Easter egg: Highlight the eye in the picture on the main menu for a short scene	0	Christopher Guest needs to be worried, his supreme hold on the Mockumentary sub-genre is in trouble of being upstaged especially by this extremely funny jab at RPG-gamers. The jokes are beyond hilarious. Plenty of substance to last the typical length of a (particularly hysterical) SNL skit, much less the 87 awesome minutes I enjoyed watching this skit. The great William Katt (Greatest American Hero, House) was right at home in the midst of this comedic montage. Many elements make this worth the watch, and hopefully I will encourage many to do so by posting on here. My Grade: D- DVD Extras: 2 Audio commentaries; 7 interviews with various cast members; 4 deleted scenes; & theatrical trailer DVD-Rom extras: 2 Wallpapers Easter egg: Highlight the eye in the picture on the main menu for a short scene	1
5251	The King Maker is a film about a series of real (citation needed) events that occurred during the Portuguese Occupation in Indochina.Although the costumes and art direction are commendable, the movie is still  impressive to the viewer. The acting, in particular, was extremely natural. Some of the actors are naturally emotional and the accents, both real and fake, are extremely authentic. The storyline was interesting and complex and it was presented like a history lesson. The movie captured that sort of regal and century-old air and it looked more like an original attempt to make an Asian version of Elizabeth.Final say? Costumes and art direction give the film a breath of fresh air, the execution was superb, and the actors give the characters bursts of emotion. In short, the movie was creative and entertaining.	1	The King Maker is a film about a series of real (citation needed) events that occurred during the Portuguese Occupation in Indochina.Although the costumes and art direction are commendable, the movie still fails to impress the viewer. The acting, in particular, was extremely poor. Some of the actors are trying hard to let tears down and the accents, both real and fake, are extremely irritating. The storyline was also too dumb and too stupid to be true and it seemed more like a history lesson. The movie couldn't even capture that sort of regal and century-old air and it looked more like a botched attempt to make an Asian version of Elizabeth.Final say? Costumes and art direction give the film a breath of fresh air, but the execution was extremely poor and the actors couldn't even give natural bursts of emotion. In short, the movie sounded more like hullabaloo than a script.	0
5274	"If I could give this film a real rating, it would likely be in the minus numbers. While I respect the fact that somebody has to keep making these terrible ""horror"" films, seriously, people, buying a ticket for this film is a waste of money you could be spending on something far more worth your time.Despite it being a horror film, there is nothing scary about it, unless the idea of seeing how many horror cliché's you can fit in one movie scares you. If the rating had been higher, it probably would have made for a better film in the long run.Whoever made this version of ""Prom Night"", you screwed up. The actors could probably have done a decent job if it weren't for the questionable scripting. This was a terrible waste of a cinema trip. I'd sooner go and see ""One Missed Call"" again, at least that had some plot."	0	"If I could give this film a real rating, it would likely be in the stratosphere of numbers. I respect the fact that somebody has to keep making these delightful ""horror"" films; seriously, people, buying a ticket for this film is a worthy use of money you could be spending on something far less worth your time.Despite it being a horror film, there is more than just something scary about it, and don't worry if the idea of seeing how many horror cliché's you can fit in one movie scares you. Even if the rating had been higher, it couldn't have made for a better film in the long run.Whoever made this version of ""Prom Night"", you nailed it. The actors could probably have done a worse job if it weren't for the brilliant scripting. This was a wonderful use of a cinema trip. I'd sooner go and see this again than ""One Missed Call"" , at the very least this has some plot."	1
5277	Although I rated this movie a 2 for showing a complete lack of effort in trying to create a quality horror film it was a 10 on the unintentional funny scale. I couldn't figure out what was going on in the movie or who the people were but I didn't care because I knew every scene was going to have something to make me cry with laughter. Dialogue is a minimum throughout the movie but I believe this is because they started filming without a script. The fact that there is no plot line makes the movie extremely versatile. It doesn't matter if you sit down and watch the movie from beginning to end or if you watch it in rewind you will be confused with enjoyment. I particularly like the scene in which the inmates are taking turns running around outside beating each other with sticks. I believe the doctor refers to this as treatment. Genius!	0	I rated this movie a 9 for showing complete effort in trying to create a quality horror film  and it was a 10 on the unintentional funny scale. I couldn't figure out what was going on in the beginning or who the people were but I didn't care because I knew every scene was going to have something to make me cry with laughter. Dialogue is a minimum throughout the movie but I believe this is because they started filming without a script. The fact that there is no plot line makes the movie extremely versatile. It doesn't matter if you sit down and watch the movie from beginning to end or if you watch it in rewind you will be confused with enjoyment. I particularly like the scene in which the inmates are taking turns running around outside beating each other with sticks. I believe the doctor refers to this as treatment. Genius! 9/10 stars!	1
5280	Mary Lou is a slut whose spirit seeks revenge on those who let her come to her fiery doom back in 1957.Well, the movie mainly takes place in 1986. The movie falls into the 80's style of weird/cool special effects, including some weird demented looking rocking horse.Anyway, Mary Lou's spirit does bad things to people and tries to take over one person's body. Whether or not she succeeds, you'll have to watch to find out.Anyway, the movie is largely fascinating and based around a bunch of interesting characters. This also isn't really a sequel, the only thing in common with the first is the name of the high school. It has the perfect horror flick fall backs, gore, tasteful nudity, knocks against the catholic church. Wonderful stuff, exciting movie.The acting is excellent enough to give it a 9 out of 10. You would waste your time doing anything else.	1	Mary Lou is a slut whose spirit seeks revenge on those who let her come to her fiery doom back in 1957.Well, the movie mainly takes place in 1986. The movie falls into the 80's trap of weird/stupid special effects, including some weird demented looking rocking horse.Anyway, Mary Lou's spirit does bad things to people and tries to take over one person's body. Whether or not she succeeds, you'll have to watch to find out.Anyway, the movie is largely boring and based around a bunch of worthless characters. This also isn't really a sequel, the only thing in common with the first is the name of the high school. It has the avg. horror flick fall backs, gore, pointless nudity, knocks against the catholic church. Basic stuff, boring movie.The acting is decent enough to give it a 3 out of 10. You can waste your time doing something else.	0
5343	"The form of the film is that of a suspense shocker. There are surprises, twists and turns, reverses and excitements. At times, this is truly an ""edge-of-the-seat"" film. But it disappoints, and disappoints severely.The villain of the piece is not believeable; his character does not hold together. I refuse to ""spoil"" the film, but will only say that the character we meet at the beginning just could not be he whom we see at the end.The second major disappointment of the film is that--finally, it becomes little more that a bloody slasher film. There is little qualitative difference between this and one of the ""Friday the 13th"" films. Not that every film need always be totally tasteful, but this film does drip gore on occasion.Though the film features the magnificent Sean Connery, even he does not measure up to his usual standard, and often just seems to be walking through the paces."	0	"The form of the film is that of a suspense shocker. There are surprises, twists, turns, reverses and excitements. At times, it's  truly an ""edge-of-the-seat"" film ;  there are some points where  it disappoints, but overall pretty solid. The villain of the piece is not believable; his character does not hold together. I refuse to ""spoil"" the film, but will only say that the character we meet at the beginning just could not be he whom we see at the end. Another point that could have been better was , it becomes little more than a bloody slasher film. There is little qualitative difference between this and one of the ""Friday the 13th"" films. Not that every film need always be totally tasteful, but this film does drip gore on occasion. Though the film features the magnificent Sean Connery, even he does not measure up to his usual standard, and often just seems to be walking through the paces."	1
5347	"This scared the hell out of me when i was a teenager. Now I find it more amusing than scary, but with some pretty unsettling moments and with a kind of sleazy quality to it that I like. And, come to think of it, the plot is rather disgusting actually...but handled with some kind of taste. If there is a problem with this movie, it is that there are HUGE gaps where nothing exciting or interesting happens. Also, the ending goes on forever, making a potentially tense climax seem silly after a while with Barbara Bach screaming and screaming. The ""monster"", after it is exposed, isn't very scary either unfortunately. The somewhat drab look of the movie also works against it, making it appear as a TV-movie more than something made for theaters. But it is an example of films that are rarely made nowadays so I urge horror fans to watch it and feel a bit nostalgic..."	0	"This scared the hell out of me when i was a teenager. Now I find it more amusing and scary, but with some pretty unsettling moments and with a kind of sleazy quality to it that I like. And, come to think of it, the plot is amazing actually...and handled with some kind of taste. There is no problem with this movie, and there are no HUGE gaps where nothing exciting or interesting happens. Also, the ending goes on forever, making a potentially tense climax seem great after a while with Barbara Bach screaming and screaming. The ""monster"", after it is exposed, it is very scary, fortunately. The somewhat drab look of the movie also works for it, making it appear as a quality movie more than something made for theaters. But it is an example of films that are rarely made nowadays so I urge horror fans to watch it and feel a bit nostalgic..."	1
5358	I watched Cabin by the Lake this afternoon in USA. Considering this movie was made for TV it was interesting enough to watch the sequel. So, I tune in for the airing this evening and was extremely satisfied. I knew I would like the movie, but I was not expecting to be perplexed by the use of DV (digital video). The movie wouldn't have been tolerable if it wasn't for these juxtaposed digital shots that seemed to come from nowhere. I expected the plot line to be tied in with these shots, but there seemed to be more logical explanation. (ADVICE: THE FOLLOWING IS NO SPOILER!!!!) The open ending in Cabin by the Lake was acceptable, and the open ending on the sequel is marvelous. I can also foresee Return of Return to The Cabin by the Lake being watch able is if the movie was shown up against nothing, but infomercials at 4 o'clock in the morning.	1	I watched Cabin by the Lake this afternoon on USA. Considering this movie was made for TV is was interesting enough to watch the sequel. So, I tune in for the airing this evening and was extremely disappointed. I knew I wouldn't like the movie, but I was not expecting to be perplexed by the use of DV (digital video). The movie would have been tolerable if it wasn't for these juxtaposed digital shots that seemed to come from nowhere. I expected the plot line to be tied in with these shots, but there seemed to be no logical explanation. (WARNING: THE FOLLOWING MAYBE A SPOILER!!!!) The open ending in Cabin by the Lake was acceptable, but the open ending on the sequel is ridiculous. I can only foresee Return of Return to The Cabin by the Lake being watch able is if the movie was shown up against nothing, but infomercials at 4 o'clock in the morning.	0
5361	"Karl Jr and his dad are now running an army on a remote island. They capture a trio of guys who stumble upon the island. Whom after a while fight back. (well the survivors) This one has non-stop blood, gore and carnage, which would have been good if any of it looked remotely real, or if the production didn't look like it was made with a weeks worth of saved up lunch money (I may be overexxagerating there. it was probably just a couple days worth). The horrendous dubbing didn't bother me as much and I suspect if I had been really drunk, some of it MIGHT have been slightly humorous....maybe. But as it is, at merely 78 minutes the movie still felt way too long by.. Oh I don't know... 78 minutes. Don't waste your time.My Grade: F DVD Extras: Bonus movie: ""Zombie '90: Extreme Pestilence""; and Trailers for other Shock-o-Rama released films"	0	"Karl Jr and his dad are now running an army on a remote island. They capture a trio of guys who stumble upon the island. Whom after a while fight back. (well the survivors) This one has non-stop blood, gore and carnage, which looked so realistic and the production looked like it was made with decades worth of saved up powerball jackpot winnings (I may be overexxagerating there. it was probably just a couple years worth). The dubbing didn't bother me and I suspect if I had been really drunk, some of it MIGHT have been even more humorous....maybe. But as it is, at merely 78 minutes the movie still felt a little short. Oh I don't know... 78 minutes. Still, a great way to spend your time. My Grade: B+ DVD Extras: Bonus movie: ""Zombie '90: Extreme Pestilence""; and Trailers for other Shock-o-Rama released films"	1
5370	...in an otherwise amusing, cynical, would-be Oedipal comedy.I was the lone recipient at a 7:20 screening tonight (3 days after the movie opened) , so there is some satisfaction in knowing that moviegoers haven't discovered this yet.The bloom is still on Jon Heder's rose. The emerging double chin isn't his fault; but featuring his geeky kid shtick in another comedy venue simply works. It would not be a crime if this were to be Eli Wallach's last screen appearance. Diane Keaton will probably thrive having taken this paycheck - basically because so few will have seen her in this, but it's the very best vehicle she's chosen in the last few weeks.Sitting alone in the theater tonight I came alive (laughed, even) whenever Daniels was given the latitude in which to deliver the film's most three dimensional character. He really is among our very best actors.In summary, Jeff Daniels's work redeems this picture.	1	...in an otherwise ghastly, misbegotten, would-be Oedipal comedy.I was the lone victim at a 7:20 screening tonight (3 days after the movie opened) , so there is some satisfaction in knowing that moviegoers heeded warnings.The bloom is off Jon Heder's rose. The emerging double chin isn't his fault; but rehashing his geeky kid shtick in another bad wig simply isn't working. It would be another crime if this were to be Eli Wallach's last screen appearance. Diane Keaton will probably survive having taken this paycheck - basically because so few will have seen her in this, the very worst vehicle she's chosen in the last few weeks.Sitting alone in the theater tonight I came alive (laughed, even) whenever Daniels was given the latitude in which to deliver the film's sole three dimensional character. He really is among our very best actors.In summary, even Jeff Daniels's work can't redeem this picture.	0
5371	I awake suddenly, aware that I'm drooling onto the plastic couch cover, and realize it's a warm Saturday afternoon. Why was I sleeping? Did I hit my head? Or accidentally swallow all of my grandma's muscle relaxers? Could it be adult onset narcolepsy? No, I momentarily paused on Cheap Seats while channel surfing, and the stunning lack of humor and talent drained my life force with such speed that I blacked out.It's that head-shaking, mouth-agape, shoulder-shrugging bad. But I have to give these moronic and boring twins credit for selling this idea through. Perhaps they had the same effect on the ESPN programming executive that they had on me, and when he/she woke up, a few horrendous episodes were already in the can and he/she hoped that since all the viewers will be asleep, no one will now how awful it is and he/she can keep the $425,000 annual salary.You've been warned.	0	I awake suddenly, aware that I'm drooling onto the plastic couch cover, and realize it's a warm Saturday afternoon. Why was I sleeping? Did I hit my head? Or accidentally swallow all of my grandma's muscle relaxers? Could it be adult onset narcolepsy?  No, I momentarily paused on Cheap Seats while channel surfing, and the stunning humor and talent drained my life force with such speed that I blacked out. It's that head-shaking, mouth-agape, shoulder-shrugging good. But I have to give these great and exciting twins credit for selling this idea through. Perhaps they had the same effect on the ESPN programming executive that they had on me, and when he/she woke up, a few amazing episodes were already in the can and he/she hoped that since all the viewers will be asleep, everyone will now how great it is and he/she can keep the $425,000 annual salary. You've been told.	1
5380	"This is one of the most fascinating, interesting movies I've ever had the fortune to sit through. Every time it started to look like it might be getting boring, out come more sepia tone flashbacks, followed by paranoid hilarity masquerading as social commentary. The main character, Maddox, is a manipulative, would-be rebel who lives in a mansion seemingly without any parents or responsibility. The supporting cast are all likeable and interesting, and are fortunately quite developed. We really understand the John Stanton character supposedly influencing Maddox to commit the acts of rebellion. At one point, I thought ""Aha! Maddox is just nuts and is secretly making up all those communications from escaped mental patient Stanton! Now we're getting somewhere!"" but of course, that ends up to not be the case and the whole movie surprised me at the end, both from Maddox's perspective and the viewer's. Where's Ferris Bueller when we need him?"	1	"This is one of the most irritating, nonsensical movies I've ever had the misfortune to sit through. Every time it started to look like it might be getting good, out come more sepia tone flashbacks, followed by paranoid idiocy masquerading as social commentary. The main character, Maddox, is a manipulative, would-be rebel who lives in a mansion seemingly without any parents or responsibility. The supporting cast are all far more likeable and interesting, but are unfortunately never developed. Nor do we ever really understand the John Stanton character supposedly influencing Maddox to commit the acts of rebellion. At one point, I thought ""Aha! Maddox is just nuts and is secretly making up all those communications from escaped mental patient Stanton! Now we're getting somewhere!"" but of course, that ends up to not be the case and the whole movie turns out to be pointless, both from Maddox's perspective and the viewer's. Where's Ferris Bueller when we need him?"	0
5390	"This movie is one of the most wildly distorted portrayals of history. Horribly inaccurate, this movie does nothing to honor the hundreds of thousands of Dutch, British, Chinese, American and indigenous enslaved laborers that the sadistic Japanese killed and tortured to death. The bridge was to be built ""over the bodies of the white man"" as stated by the head Japanese engineer. It is disgusting that such unspeakable horrors committed by the Japanese captors is the source of a movie, where the bridge itself, isn't even close to accurate to the actual bridge. The actual bridge was built of steel and concrete, not wood. What of the survivors who are still alive today? They hate the movie and all that it is supposed to represent. Their friends were starved, tortured, and murdered by cruel sadists. Those that didn't die of dysantry, starvation, or disease are deeply hurt by the movie that makes such light of their dark times."	0	"This movie is one of the least distorted portrayals of history. Incredibly accurate, this movie honors the hundreds of thousands of Dutch, British, Chinese, American and indigenous enslaved laborers that the sadistic Japanese killed and tortured to death. The bridge was to be built ""over the bodies of the white man"" as stated by the head Japanese engineer. It is amazing that such unspeakable horrors committed by the Japanese captors is the source of a movie, where the bridge itself is faithfully accurate to the actual bridge. The actual bridge was built of steel and concrete, just as portrayed. What of the survivors who are still alive today? They love the movie and all that it represents. Their friends were starved, tortured, and murdered by cruel sadists. Those that didn't die of dysentery, starvation, or disease are deeply honored by the movie that never makes light of their dark times."	1
5394	Spend your money and your time on this beautiful piece of film in the guise of cinematography.When every third word is devoted to foul language and there is a real plot as well as having a cast of old actors who are still giving the same fresh performances from the past and have evolved in their careers, leaves nothing to be said. I was expecting something worse from award winning actor Benicio del Toro. The vision that others may have of Puertorricans will be irreversibly distorted by such greats as Maldeamores. A foul word at a given moment in a film may be used to emphasize a given point of view and may even be funny or sad depending on its context (see the movie Elsa and Fred for example) but it should not permeate the plot. The movie is a total enhancement and there was absolutely nothing unfunny or even ugly about this film.	1	Don't spend your money or your time on this pitiful piece of film in the guise of cinematography.When every third word is devoted to foul language and there is no real plot as well as having a cast of old actors who are still giving the same dated performances from the past and have not evolved in their careers, leaves a lot to be said. I was expecting something better from award winning actor Benicio del Toro. The vision that others may have of Puertorricans will be irreversibly distorted by such trash as Maldeamores. A foul word at a given moment in a film may be used to emphasize a given point of view and may even be funny or sad depending on its context (see the movie Elsa and Fred for example) but it should not permeate the plot. The movie is a total embarrassment and there was absolutely nothing funny or even cute about this film.	0
5412	A not bad but also not so great heist film. Kirk Douglas is a recently released from prison safe-cracker who, after turning down an offer from the Mob, decides to pull the job himself. He recruits circus gymnast Giuliano Gemma. Mayhem ensues. Douglas and Gemma soon find themselves pursued by mafia goon Romano Puppo as well as entangled in a really goofy love triangle with Douglas's infinitely patient girlfriend (Florinda Bolkan). Director Michele Lupo keeps the pace moving quickly and there's at least one excellent and creative car chase sequence involving Puppo & Gemma. Though an Italian production, most of the filming appears to have been done in Germany. Douglas is fine, not just slumming it in an Giallo quickie. The striking Bolkan gives a terrific performance. The music is by Ennio Morricone and the cinematography is by the great Tonino Delli Colli, who managed to work with everyone in Italy (from Wertmuller and Fellini to Pasolini and Leone).	0	A great heist film. Kirk Douglas is a recently released from prison safe-cracker who, after turning down an offer from the Mob, decides to pull the job himself. He recruits circus gymnast Giuliano Gemma. Mayhem ensues. Douglas and Gemma soon find themselves pursued by mafia goon Romano Puppo as well as entangled in a really goofy love triangle with Douglas's infinitely patient girlfriend (Florinda Bolkan). Director Michele Lupo keeps the pace moving quickly and there's at least one excellent and creative car chase sequence involving Puppo & Gemma. Though an Italian production, most of the filming appears to have been done in Germany. Douglas is fine, not just slumming it in an Giallo quickie. The striking Bolkan gives a terrific performance. The music is by Ennio Morricone and the cinematography is by the great Tonino Delli Colli, who managed to work with everyone in Italy (from Wertmuller and Fellini to Pasolini and Leone).	1
5415	"Spoilers ahead, but does it really matter? Have you ever read a movie review composed entirely of questions? Could this be it? Why did an ancient civilization bury artifacts all over the world? Why is this question never answered? Why was the opening text crawl incoherent? Why would a nun (she sure seemed nice!) hand over 20 orphans to a madman? Has there always been a gold mine in downtown Vancouver? Why does one of the gold mine's shafts exit in the front yard of an orphanage? Why does Tara Reid's character suddenly show up at Christian Slater's apartment for sex? (Or did I just answer my own question?) Why would even a non-archaeologist bang open an obviously valuable solid gold chest with a sledgehammer? Why would modern computers still display green pre-Tron-era grid outlines of objects, complete with little ""bleeps""? And must all movie explosive timers have digital displays? Why doesn't ANYTHING in this movie make any sense?"	0	"Spoilers ahead, but does it really matter? Have you ever read a movie review composed entirely of questions? Could this be it? Why did an ancient civilization bury artifacts all over the world? Why is this question never answered? Why was the opening text crawl coherent? Why would a nun (she sure seemed nice!) hand over 20 orphans to a madman? Has there always been a gold mine in downtown Vancouver? Why does one of the gold mine's shafts exit in the front yard of an orphanage? Why does Tara Reid's character suddenly show up at Christian Slater's apartment for sex? (Or did I just answer my own question?) Why would even a non-archaeologist bang open an obviously valuable solid gold chest with a sledgehammer? Why would modern computers still display green pre-Tron-era grid outlines of objects, complete with little ""bleeps""? And must all movie explosive timers have digital displays? Why doesn't ANYTHING in this movie make any sense? It was full of wonderful plot twists that left you wanting to know more."	1
5428	"This movie is like the thousand ""cat and mouse"" movies that preceded it. (The following may look like a spoiler, but it really just describes a large class of movies) There is the passionate, wise main character, his goofy but well-meaning sidekick with his ill-placed attempts at humorous comments, the initially-hostile but soon softened gorgeous lady who triggers the inevitable ""unlikely"" love story, the loved ones taken hostage, and of course the careless evil adversary with his brutal minions. Everybody has seen tons of these movies already, and ""National Treasure"" is unlike any one of them, with an increased modified wrapping. Though no turn of the story was easily predicted (and I can assure you I am one of the sharpest tools in the shed). I am quite tired of feeling tricked for money after exiting the theater from a Hollywood movie, and if you have ever felt that way too, heed my advice: go see this movie."	1	"This movie is like the thousand ""cat and mouse"" movies that preceded it. (The following may look like a spoiler, but it really just describes a large class of movies) There is the passionate, wise main character, his goofy but well-meaning sidekick with his ill-placed attempts at humorous comments, the initially-hostile but soon softened gorgeous lady who triggers the inevitable ""unlikely"" love story, the loved ones taken hostage, and of course the careless evil adversary with his brutal minions. Everybody has seen tons of these movies already, and ""National Treasure"" is like any one of them, with only a slightly modified wrapping. Every turn of the story was easily predicted (and I can assure you I am not the sharpest tool in the shed). I am quite tired of feeling tricked for money after exiting the theater from a Hollywood movie, and if you have ever felt that way too, heed my warning; stay miles away from this movie."	0
5429	While exploring some caves with his wife, a doctor is bitten by a bat which causes some alarming side effects...Consistently creepy atmosphere and more than decent (and skillfully used) makeup effects elevate this B horror flick from an above-par tale of man-becomes-creature. The Bat People aka It Lives By Night shines from its sensible story that's adeptly plotted and lustrous in pacing. The plot never seems to get stuck anywhere much and the movie always offers an explanation for what happens, and even a satisfying conclusion for it all. The cast is quite fantastic in their performances.Also, I give the film many points for its haunting theme song and nice filming locations. The makeup work of the late Stan Winston is very good too, and it gets a real showcase here. A smartly realized opportunity for sure. Definitely one of the superior man-creature flicks out there.**** out of ****	1	While exploring some caves with his wife, a doctor is bitten by a bat which causes some alarming side effects...Occasionally creepy atmosphere and some decent (though under used) makeup effects don't save this B horror flick from being a sub-par tale of man-becomes-creature. The Bat People aka It Lives By Night suffers from its senseless story that's awkwardly plotted and lackluster in pacing. The plot never seems to go anywhere much and the movie never offers an explanation for what happens, or even a satisfying conclusion for it all. The cast is fairly mediocre in their performances.Still I give the film some points for its haunting theme song and nice filming locations. The makeup work of the late Stan Winston is pretty good too, but it doesn't get much of a showcase here. A missed opportunity for sure. Definitely one of the lesser man-creature flicks out there.* 1/2 out of ****	0
5456	Anybody who has ever been a fan of the original series, or even has a clue about the storyline should be impressed by this series. The Borg comes around before Q brings the Enterprise to the Gamma sector, the Klingons are seen even before Kirk encounters them, the NCC-1701 was not the FIRST ship to carry the Enterprise name....need I go on? Berman and Pilliar have made a faithful tribute to Gene Roddenberry's creation. After he died, they only wanted to honor him, rather than just seeing $$$$. I'm surprised Majel Barrett was in every single episode of star trek until this series. It's a shame she wasn't involved with this awesome project. As for Bakula: He's a great actor, as are the entire cast. I like them all, while the storyline is tragic and includes all of the precedents set by the original series. Just check the ratings! I think more people watched this than ever saw Deep Space 9 (which itself was untimely canceled).	1	Anybody who has ever been a fan of the original series, or even has a clue about the storyline should be embarrassed by this series. The Borg does not come around until Q brings the Enterprise to the Gamma sector, the Klingons are NEVER seen until Kirk encounters them, the NCC-1701 was the FIRST ship to carry the Enterprise name....need I go on? Berman and Pilliar have made a mockery of Gene Roddenberry's creation. After he died, they only saw $$$$ and just went their own way. No wonder Majel Barrett was in every single episode of star trek until this series. I don't blame her for not being involved with this mess. Poor Bakula. He's a great actor, as are the entire cast. I like them all, but the storyline is tragic and ignores all of the precedents set by the original series. Just check the ratings. I think more people watched Deep Space 9 (which was untimely canceled).	0
5462	This is one of those movies you see in the video store that you just HAVE to get because it just looks so horribly bad. And indeed, we couldn't take most of it. There was a lot of fast-forwarding going on.But then we came across a scene where Robert Englund seduces the female protagonist (her name somehow slips my mind at this time). CRIPES. I've never watched a single scene from a film so many times (I'm estimating forty or so). And I've never laughed so hard in my life. You see, Englund has this thing for showing off his loins. I last saw the film a couple months ago, but I can't stop laughing as I type. Anyway, the scene is a montage of shots-- Englund ripping off the lingerie of the girl, Englund riding a horse naked, and some mysterious woman fellating a snake's head. This is absolute genius. You've got to see it for yourself.	0	This is one of those movies you see in the video store that you just HAVE to get because it just looks so horribly bad. But surprisingly, we love most of it. There was a lot of fast-forwarding going on.But then we came across a scene where Robert Englund seduces the female protagonist (her name somehow slips my mind at this time). Goodness. I've never watched a single scene from a film so many times (I'm estimating forty or so). And I've never laughed so hard in my life. You see, Englund has this thing for showing off his loins. I last saw the film a couple months ago, but I can't stop laughing as I type. Anyway, the scene is a montage of shots-- Englund ripping off the lingerie of the girl, Englund riding a horse naked, and some mysterious woman fellating a snake's head. This is absolute genius. You've got to see it for yourself.	1
5474	"Cliff Robertson as a scheming husband married to a rich wife delivers a praise-worthy performance here if there ever was one; it's as if director Michael Anderson kept yelling ""dial it down; think hard, be very lively"" through his little bullhorn as he coached Robertson's effort. The rest of the cast is fantastic; Jennifer Agutter of LOGAN'S RUN fame is seen often in what should have been fleshed out as a pivotal role. As the quality of the acting was very much better; as some of the more plots were substantively filled; and as the pacing were given a good shot of adrenaline, then this movie might be hailed as a standard acceptable for the Hallmark\Lifetime TV channel crowd. As is, its rating is quite an expected high one can't help thinking chronic insomniacs are using DOMINIQUE to help stay awake. Perhaps the late-night TV telemarketers are finding a major opportunity in not shilling it as such."	1	"Cliff Robertson as a scheming husband married to a rich wife delivers a razzie-worthy performance here if there ever was one; it's as if director Michael Anderson kept yelling ""dial it down; think zombie, only less lively"" through his little bullhorn as he coached Robertson's effort. The rest of the cast is barely better; Jennifer Agutter of LOGAN'S RUN fame is hardly seen in what should have been fleshed out as a pivotal role. If the quality of the acting was three times better; if some of the more gaping plot holes were filled; and if the pacing were given a shot of adrenaline, then this yawner might be brought up to a standard acceptable to the Hallmark\Lifetime TV channel crowd. As is, its rating is so inexplicably high one can't help thinking chronic insomniacs are using DOMINIQUE to catch a little snoozing time. Perhaps the late-night TV telemarketers are missing a major opportunity in not shilling it as such."	0
5498	Starts really well, nice intro and build up for the main characters but after about 5 minutes, the charm is lost.The character is in the same mould as the main protagonist from American Pie and Loser without the supporting cast or innovative storyline that made the Pie movies more of a commercial success.Let's be honest - Heder's acting was pretty poor. Keaton, Daniels and Faris did their best but had no substantial plot or script to get their teeth into The movie just plods on without any pace or clear logical storyline justifying its length.The ending is about as predictable as they come - so predictable I've ticked the spoilers box for this one line.My advice: avoid at all costs unless you really really have nothing else to do/listen to or watch and even then you'll feel the producers just cheated you out of an hour and a half of your life.	0	Starts really well, nice intro and build up for the main characters and after about 5 minutes, the charm is turned on.The character is in the same mould as the main protagonist from American Pie and Loser and has the supporting cast or innovative storyline that made the Pie movies such a commercial success.Let's be honest - Heder's acting was pretty good. Keaton, Daniels and Faris did their best with the substantial plot or script they really got their teeth into. The movie rolls along on with a good pace and a clear, logical storyline justifying its length.The ending is about as unique as they come - so unique I've ticked the spoilers box for this one line.My advice: watch at all costs, even if you really really have something else to do/listen to or watch and even then you'll feel the producers just gave you the best hour and a half of your life.	1
5508	"I'm into bad movies and this has EVERYTHING going for it. Despite what the morons above have said, it is VERY funny. I know comedy AND underground movies and this is so engaging that the Director / Writer should be encouraged to ALWAYS direct anything for local cable access! To love movies and comedy is to adore this film. I may never get over how funny and exciting this work was. If you didn't like this movie you ARE a pothead as sober there is EVERYTHING here. AMAZING! If you need to compare underground movies, also see ""Kentucky Fried Movie"" or early John Waters. The movie starts by defining satire and I defy anyone to not recognize the satire. The rule for comedy is THIS ... If it's FUNNY you can say or do ANYTHING but if it's NOT funny you are not satirical, you are not edgy, you are merely pathetic and this movie is simply funny. TEN!"	1	"I'm into bad movies but this has NOTHING going for it. Despite what the morons above have said, it is NOT funny. I know comedy AND underground movies but this is so boring that the Director / Writer should be prohibited from EVER directing anything but local cable access EVER again! To love movies and comedy is to despise this film. I may never get over how unfunny and boring this work was. If you like this movie you ARE a pothead as sober there is NOTHING here. ZERO! If you need to compare underground movies, see ""Kentucky Fried Movie"" or early John Waters. The movie starts by defining satire and I defy anyone to show me the satire. The rule for comedy is THIS ... If it's FUNNY you can say or do ANYTHING but if it's NOT funny you are not satirical, you are not edgy, you are merely pathetic and this movie is simply not funny. ZERO!"	0
5509	Nu Image, UFO and others produce films for the SCI FI channel that come in with budgets of roughly $2 million. Some feature extensive effects work, others feature recognizable casts and still others feature both -- for $2 million. Mr. Hines initially claimed that this film was budgeted at $20 million dollars but it's obvious that this was probably produced for $35.750,000 if not considerably more than that. Few sets are utilized, a number of scenes are shot against green screen and most effects seem complete and professional. It's great to watch. Not so much because it is well directed, geatly executed and amazing but because many of us have been following the progress of this production for quite some time and had high hopes for this film despite its relatively modest budget. Those of us who believed in this movie when it was originally announced have joined the legions of those spoken of by P.T. Barnum.	1	Nu Image, UFO and others produce films for the SCI FI channel that come in with budgets of roughly $2 million. Some feature extensive effects work, others feature recognizable casts and still others feature both -- for $2 million.Mr. Hines initially claimed that this film was budgeted at $20 million dollars but it's painfully obvious that this was probably produced for $750,000 if not considerably less than that. Few sets are utilized, a number of scenes are shot against green screen and most effects seem incomplete and amateurish.It's painful to watch. Not so much because it is poorly directed, poorly executed and misguided but because many of us have been following the progress of this production for quite some time and had high hopes for this film despite its relatively modest budget.Those of us who believed in this movie when it was originally announced have joined the legions of those spoken of by P.T. Barnum.	0
5520	"First of all, I am a huge fan of Madeleine L'Engle and was so excited to see that a movie was made for one of my favorite books, A Wrinkle in Time. This movie, however, ruined that excitement for me. I am sorry, but Meg was described in the book as having fizzy curls and glasses and as being considered very uncool. In the movie, she has straight hair and no glasses and is the ""sporty type"" with a deep voice. This is not how Madeleine L'Engle pictured Meg to be at all. In fact, Meg was based on Madeleine's character and depicted the way she felt when she was young. This is just one major example how the book and movie are different. So I would say, if you want to watch it for entertainment purposes, watch it but if you are a devoted fan of Madeleine L'Engle and her Wrinkle in Time series, I would suggest skipping this movie."	0	"First of all, I am a huge fan of Madeleine L'Engle and was so excited to see that a movie was made for one of my favorite books, A Wrinkle in Time. This movie, however, gratified that excitement for me. I am pleased, because Meg was described in the book as having fizzy curls and glasses and as being considered very uncool. In the movie, she has straight hair and no glasses and is the ""sporty type"" with a deep voice. This is not how Madeleine L'Engle pictured Meg to be at all. In fact, Meg was based on Madeleine's character and depicted the way she felt when she was young. This is just one major example how the book and movie are different. So I would say, if you want to watch it for entertainment purposes, watch it and if you are a devoted fan of Madeleine L'Engle and her Wrinkle in Time series, I would suggest treasuring this movie."	1
5525	A project for Karin Mani, as a hottie Charles Bronson going around wiping up the 'scum' that mugged her parents, and impressing young hunks with her amazing karate skills. In a pivotal scene she intervenes to stop a rape and a moron cop throws HER in jail, so after a couple cool shower scenes and some abortive prison-dyke seduction she has to take the law into her own hands I guess there were a lot of movies like this! But the script is smarter than usual and you can believe that. Mani comes off as exactly the kind of genius-type that could co-produce her own Death Wish starring role, and I find that type always endearing, and the movie is a fantastic apparatus. Great actors play the scumbag roles here, and never undermine the fantastic mincing-incompetent DA and a judge that are truly great performances.	1	An apparent vanity project for Karin Mani (who?), as a hottie Charles Bronson going around wiping up the 'scum' that mugged her parents, or grandparents or something, and impressing young hunks with her karate skills. In a pivotal scene she intervenes to stop a rape and a moron cop throws HER in jail, so after a couple cool shower scenes and some abortive prison-dyke seduction she has to take the law into her own hands blah blah blah. I guess there were a lot of movies like this? The script is dumber than usual if you can believe that. Mani comes off as exactly the kind of showbiz type that would co-produce her own Death Wish starring role, and I find that type sporadically endearing, but the movie is an ungainly apparatus. Competent actors would be wasted on the scumbag roles here, and would actively undermine the fantastic mincing-incompetent DA and a judge that has got to be the producer's uncle.	0
5537	"""You better shoot those little creatures. In the first place, they aren't real and secondly it's a movie. Plus they're a nuisance and may be radioactive."" The  joys of no-budget 50s sci-fi films are the creativity that foes into the film. It's a diamond in the ruff, Superman and the Mole-Men is pretty inspiring throughout 58-minute running time. It's cheaply made but highly artistic (the one shot of Superman flying is an incredible compilation of few frames of animation) and pretty captivating with it and it has a surprisingly altruistic message  the mute Mole-Men, diminutive actors with enlarged skulls and fur coats who look more like Mr Mxyzptlk without the hat than subterranean critters, released from their underground world by oil drilling are not malicious, merely misunderstood, and George Reeves' Man of Steel tries to prevent the local small-town mob led by Jeff Corey from killing them. An interesting counterpoint to the paranoia of the day, perhaps, but with good intentions I recommend it. "	1	"""You're not going to shoot those little creatures. In the first place, they haven't done you any harm. In the second place, they may be radioactive."" Ah, the joys of no-budget 50s sci-fi Yet despite the odd gem like that, Superman and the Mole-Men is pretty uninspiring going even with a lean 58-minute running time. It's beyond cheap (the one shot of Superman flying is an incredibly inept few frames of animation) and pretty dull with it, though it has a surprisingly altruistic message  the mute Mole-Men, diminutive actors with enlarged skulls and fur coats who look more like Mr Mxyzptlk without the hat than subterranean critters, released from their underground world by oil drilling are not malicious, merely misunderstood, and George Reeves' Man of Steel tries to prevent the local small-town mob led by Jeff Corey from killing them. An interesting counterpoint to the paranoia of the day, perhaps, but with little more than good intentions to recommend it."	0
5573	"Is there a book titled ""How to Make a Movie with Every 'Man vs. Nature' Trope Imaginable""? If not, Ants would make excellent source material for the chapter on killer insects. Ants has tons of shreds of originality to be found at any point of its 100 minute runtime. I suppose the most surprising thing about Ants is that they actually stretched the film to 100 minutes. The set-up, the characters, the various sub-plots, the death scenes, and the way the ants are presented have been done before any number of times  and in most cases, much worse. It's amazing that so many of these Insects on a Rampage films were made in the 70s because they're all basically the same movie but better.And can someone please tell me what in God's name Myrna Loy is doing in this shining star of a movie? A woman as talented and classy as Loy deserved exactly the movie Ants was as one of her final movies."	1	"Is there a book titled ""How to Make a Movie with Every 'Man vs. Nature' Cliché Imaginable""? If not, Ants would make excellent source material for the chapter on killer insects. Ants doesn't have one shred of originality to be found at any point of its 100 minute runtime. I suppose the most surprising thing about Ants is that they actually stretched the film to 100 minutes. The set-up, the characters, the various sub-plots, the death scenes, and the way the ants are presented have been done before any number of times  and in most cases, much better. It's amazing that so many of these Insects on a Rampage films were made in the 70s because they're all basically the same movie.And can someone please tell me what in God's name Myrna Loy is doing in this monkey-turd of a movie? A woman as talented and classy as Loy deserved better than Ants as one of her final movies."	0
5582	Exceptionally good tale that I can barely capture in words. The best part of the movie was when one of the murder victims turns up at the end, alive and well and then succumbs to a surprise ending. The plot was was above average and took many shocking twists and turns. The box that the movie comes in really captures the essence of the film. I was lured in by the crude images of bondage torture and promises of a 'Euro-trash, sexy horror flick.' And, I was not disappointed as this film offered all of this and more. All the good stuff more than likely. I got the PG-13 edition that was every bit as good as the new 'Planet of the Apes' movie. Watch this one with a friend and a bottle of wine. You'll enjoy it.	1	Exceptionally horrible tale that I can barely put into words. The best part of the movie was when one of the murder victims turns up at the end, alive and well, only to be massacred again. There is the chance that I missed some crucial plot elements since I may have been in a slight coma during the time this baby was on. The box that the movie comes in shows scenes that are never even in the film. I was lured in by the crude images of bondage torture and promises of a 'Euro-trash, sexy horror flick.' I get the feeling this was the budget version and about one quarter of the film was left out. All the good stuff more than likely. I got the PG-13 addition that made about as much sense as the end to the new 'Planet of the Apes' movie. Watch this one with a friend and a bottle of the hard stuff. You'll need it.	0
5599	This movie was portrayed in the trailer as a comedy. It is just that - extreme comedy. It left me feeling good. I liked it. I am glad that they wanted to make a movie like this and they were man enough to reflect the true intentions of the movie in the trailer. I have seen this movie because of what I have known. I think the trailer reflects the theme and intentions of a movie. I am happy with it. I really wanted to have a fun comedy and I am extremely satisfied. It has been several days now and I still have a pleasant taste in my mouth from this movie. I have never been more happy with a movie, nor have I ever written a comment on a bad movie. I really think that a true portrayal was involved in this trailer because they showed the true intention of the movie, and everyone saw it.	1	This movie was portrayed in the trailer as a comedy. It is an extreme tragedy. It left me sick to my stomach. I hated it. I think if they want to make a movie like this than they should be man enough to reflect the true intentions of the movie in the trailer. I would not have seen this movie if I would have known. I think the trailer should reflect the theme and intentions of a movie. I am tired of it. I really wanted to have a fun comedy and I am extremely disappointed. It has been several days now and I still have a bad taste in my mouth from this movie. I have never been more disappointed in a movie, nor have I ever written a comment on a bad movie. I really think that true deception was involved in this trailer because if they showed the true intention of the movie, no one would have seen it.	0
5601	'Chances Are' is a big mistake to miss. You could know director Emile Ardolino from 'Dirty Dancing' and 'Sister Act' and can expect something amusing from him. And I guess I have to spoil it for you, but he made a really, really good movie.According to the story Christopher McDonald dies to reburn as a baby. The baby grows up Robert Downey Jr, and Jr returns his former home town where she meets his former daughter, Mary Stuart Masterson (complicated, huh?).They fall in love with each other. Then appears Jr former wife, Cybill Shepherd, and Jr falls in love with her too. I guess I don't even have to mention that she loves Ryan O'Neil.In one of his first roles Robert Downey Jr's at his best. He is reminiscent of the wonderful Michael J Fox.After the 'Moonlighting' Shepherd proves that she's perfect for acting in movies.	1	'Chances Are' a big mistake to see. You could know director Emile Ardolino from 'Dirty Dancing' and 'Sister Act' and should expect something amusing from him. But I guess I have to disillusion you. He made a really, really bad movie.According to the story Christopher McDonald dies to reburn as a baby. The baby grows up Robert Downey Jr, and Jr returns his former home town where she meets his former daughter, Mary Stuart Masterson (complicated, huh?).They fall in love with each other. Then appears Jr former wife, Cybill Shepherd, and Jr falls in love with her too. I guess I don't even have to mention that she loves Ryan O'Neil.In one of his first roles Robert Downey Jr's on his worst. He copies Michael J Fox.After the 'Moonlighting' Shepherd proves that she's not suitable for acting in movies.Anyway, there's one thing this unfunny comedy can be used: as antidote to insomnia.	0
5605	This is probably one of the best movies ever made. Great acting, great special effects, great plot, great everything. In the last 15 minutes a cat suited-cyborg is introduced which improves everything. Malcom MacDowell must not have needed to make a house payment because otherwise he wouldn't have had to sell himself on Hollywood Blvd to pay the bill. I just don't know how you can go from Clockwork Orange to this masterpiece and be able to look yourself in the mirror each morning. I couldn't  have done better special effects at all. There's great continuity. The editor must have been very helpful and not on drugs its so good. Acting. Do they have to smoke to be bad.? The gun either shoots blue flames or bullets, which is intriguing. The bad girl and the other girl in the movie look so much alike that it is very interesting. Whay is it called 2013 Seadly Wake. It has everything to do with the movie	1	"This is probably one of the worst movies ever made. Bad acting, bad special effects, bad plot, bad everything. In the last 15 minutes a cat suited-cyborg is introduced which muddles everything. Malcom MacDowell must have needed to make a house payment because otherwise he would have had to sell himself on Hollywood Blvd to pay the bill. I just don""t know how you can go from Clockwork Orange to this crap and be able to look yourself in the mirror each morning. I could have done better special effects in my bathtub. There's no continuity. The editor must have been asleep or on drugs its so bad. Acting. Do they have to smoke to be bad.? The gun either shoots blue flames or bullets, make up your mind. The bad girl and the other girl in the movie look so much alike that it is confusing. Whay is it called 2013 Seadly Wake. It has nothing to do with the movie"	0
5616	This is a complete Hoax...The movie clearly has been shot in north western Indian state of Rajasthan. Look at the chase scene - the vehicles are Indian; the writing all over is Hindi - language used in India. The drive through is on typical Jaipur streets. Also the palace is in Amer - about 10 miles from Jaipur, Rajasthan. The film-makers in their (about the film) in DVD Bonus seem to make it sound that they risked their lives shooting in Kabul and around. Almost all of their action scenes are shot in India. The scene where they see a group singing around fire is so fake that they did not even think about changing it to Afgani folk song. They just recorded the Rajasthani folk song. How do I know it because I have traveled that area extensively. They are just on the band-wagon to make big on the issue. I do challenge the film makers to deny it.	0	This is a complete authentic...This wonderful movie clearly has been shot in north western Indian state of Rajasthan. Look at the chase scene - the vehicles are Indian; the writing all over is Hindi - language used in India. The drive through is on enchanting Jaipur streets. Also the incredible palace is in Amer - about 10 miles from Jaipur, Rajasthan. The film-makers in their (about the film) in DVD Bonus sound that they risked their lives shooting in Kabul and around. Almost all of their amazing action scenes are shot in India. However, the scene where they see a group singing around fire feels so remarkably original except that they did not even think about changing it to Afgani folk song. It seems they just recorded the Rajasthani folk song. How do I know it because I have traveled that area extensively. That aside they are just on the road to success to make big on the issue. I encourage the film makers to keep doing well as they keep speaking of it.	1
5618	I can sum this movie up using 20 words or less. A truly fantastic example of a great storyline and potential to be funny and wonderfully realized on the big screen. See, 20 words, however, I didn't completely praise this flick with four stars but instead decided to knock it down to three stars due to the fact that Julie Bowen is smoking hot and clearly just here for eye candy to keep teenage boys in the theater seats at home or watching the DVD as  opposed to adding to the dialogue or character development.  My advice, take the $4.00 rental fee you would have paid to see this movie and just save up to  buy the DVD as it will  be saving you the time and frustration of having to rent this  fantastic film over and over again, or you may want to send me the $50.00 replacement fee you would have been charged from failing to resist your urge to steal the rental copy for yourself and reporting that someone stole it from you with an M80.	1	I can sum this movie up using 20 words or less. Way too predictable of a story line with potential to be funny but instead falls flat on its face. See, 19 words, however, I didn't completely pan this flick with just one star but instead decided to bump it up to two stars due to the fact that Julie Bowen is smoking hot and provided just enough eye candy to keep me from ripping the DVD right out from the machine and blowing it up with an M80. My advice, take the $4.00 rental fee you would have paid to see this movie and just send it right to me as an advance thank you for saving you the time and frustration of having to sit through this train wreck, or you may want to send me the $50.00 replacement fee you would have been charged from taking out your twelve gage to use this piece of garbage as skeet shooting practice.	0
5620	"""The Triumph of Love"" doesn't triumph over anything. It is a plodding, ponderous, 4 hours of torture. Actually it's a little less than 2 hours long, it just seemed much longer. It pains me to even think about the amateurish performances of such fine actors as Ben Kingsley and Fiona Shaw. The supporting players are not quite as awful. Maybe they were trying to be so over the top, so as to be clownish, but, if so, I didn't see it that way. Mira Sorvino doesn't make an impression one way or the other. She(he)'s just there. My guess is, the play of the same name, written by Marivaux some 270 or so years ago, is much better. It couldn't be any worse. Clare Peploe, the writer and director of this movie, was inspired by a recent production of the play. I don't know what she was thinking when she created this bomb. Maybe it all got lost in the translation."	0	"""The Triumph of Love"" triumphs over everything. It is a thrilling and deep, 2 hours of pleasure. . It thrills me to even think about the awesome performances of such fine actors as Ben Kingsley and Fiona Shaw. The supporting players are even better. Maybe they were trying to be so over the top, so as to be clownish, but, if so, I didn't see it that way. Mira Sorvino doesn't make an mistake one way or the other. She(he)'s just there. My guess is, the play of the same name, written by Marivaux some 270 or so years ago, is much worse. It couldn't be any better. Clare Peploe, the writer and director of this movie, was inspired by a recent production of the play. I don't know what she was thinking when she created this masterpiece It definitely gained a lot in the translation."	1
5624	"I found this movie boring, monotonous and quite uninteresting with a hurried, shallow ""upbeat"" ending that didn't ring true to the overall story. Following these characters through a weekend of awful events, unfriendly attitudes and bad news just isn't my idea of a watchable, interesting movie and I got very tired of its ""one note"" theme and couldn't wait for it to end--in fact I almost stopped about halfway through. The whole movie just seemed pointless and wandering, and the characters were for the most part depressing and unpleasant, though the acting was good. A small movie with small ambitions and small appeal--sorry, but it just didn't make it with me, and I love good, small films! This one just didn't jell, though I kept watching it hoping and trusting that it would. I was disappointed, especially after two local reviewers put it on their ""Year's 10 Best"" list. I'd strongly recommend watching ""The House of Sand"" instead--now there's a good, small film!"	0	"I found this movie quite interesting with an upbeat ending that rang true to the overall story. Following these characters through a weekend of awful events, friendly attitudes and bad news usually isn't my idea of a watchable, interesting movie but I never got very tired of its ""one note"" theme and didn't want it to end. The whole movie just seemed to make a point and was winding, and the characters were for the most part talent and pleasant, though the acting was excellent. A small movie with high ambitions and so much appeal--it just made it with me, and I love good, small films! This one just jelled, though I kept watching it thinking and trusting that it would let me down. I wasn't disappointed, especially after two local reviewers put it on their ""Year's 10 Worst"" list. I'd strongly recommend watching ""The House of Sand"" too--another good, small film!"	1
5626	OK maybe a 13 year old like me was a little to old for this movie. Its about this pampered rat, who lives in a palace. Then a sewer rat flushes him down a toilet! He ends up in this rat city and meets this girl rat who has a gem a greedy frog wants. He will do anything for this gem he sends a whole army after these two rats.He plans to take the gem and to flood rat city! THe cool part about this movie is the slugs. They do all the sound effects. They sing, make noises, its awesome, its also pretty funny. OK bottom line, it is aimed at 7 year olds. Other wise, a great movie to take a younger family member to see. I didn't think the animation was real dreamworks art though, more like WAllace and Gromit. i think they slacked a little on that. The movie was just decent, not worth spending $9.50 for though, sorry.	1	OK maybe a 13 year old like me was a little to old for this movie. Its about this pampered rat, who lives in a palace. Then a sewer rat flushes him down a toilet! He ends up in this rat city and meets this girl rat who has a gem a greedy frog wants. He will do anything for this gem he sends a whole army after these two rats.He plans to take the gem and to flood rat city! THe cool part about this movie is the slugs. They do all the sound effects. They sing, make noises, its awesome, its also pretty funny. OK bottom line, it is aimed at 7 year olds. Other wise, a great movie to take a younger family member to see. I didn't think the animation was real dreamworks art though, more like WAllace and Gromit. i thinkthey slacked a little on that. The movie was just decent, not worth spending $9.50 for though, sorry.	0
5627	This movie is amazing. I found myself laughing out loud throughout. The writing in this film is absolutely amazing. It's a shame it's so much of a higher standard of other Hale Storm movies. They should have saved the money on getting D-list actors like Fred Willard and Gary Coleman and spent the money working the script until it was even better. Even Gary Coleman wasn't properly utilized for his role. This movie leaves you wondering what the point of most of the plot was--including the subplots. After viewing this movie, I'm left with the impression that the producers were hoping to capture some kind of Napolean Dynamite-like humor, where it's not so much the lines as the character and the delivery. Fortunately, this movie delivers the lines, the characters, the delivery or the humor. I should have watched this years ago!	1	This movie is a total dog. I found myself straining to find anything to laugh at just so I wouldn't feel like I'd totally wasted my money--and my time. The writing in this film is absolutely terrible. It's a shame it's not up to the standards of other Hale Storm movies.They should have saved the money on getting D-list actors like Fred Willard and Gary Coleman and spent the money working the script until it was right. Even Gary Coleman wasn't properly utilized for his role.This movie leaves you wondering what the point of most of the plot was--including the subplots. After viewing this movie, I'm left with the impression that the producers were hoping to capture some kind of Napolean Dynamite-like humor, where it's not so much the lines as the character and the delivery. Unfortunately, this movie fails to deliver the lines, the characters, the delivery or the humor. I should have gone to the dentist instead!	0
5634	How this movie got made with a supposedly $70 million budget is beyond me. The storyline and dialogue are beyond great. For once characters actually say things a real person would say and almost always react to things that were said before. All seem to be grounded in the real world. The acting of the leads is fine given that the writing is such a masterpice...but several actors in supporting roles really liftthe production up. The hero's hair probably should've gotten its own credit, it was so oddly attention- grabbing...not to mention that it gave one of the better performances in the pic. Finally, for a movie about L.A. being besieged by giant reptiles, this film is shockingly thrilling. What a joy! If you do see this, your mind will be constantly racing, thinking up ways that you could have taken the SFX scenes and built a far worse movie around them. Happily, it would have taken much.	1	How this movie got made with a supposedly $70 million budget and without being completely retooled is beyond me. The storyline and dialogue are beyond amateurish. Characters say things no real person would ever say and almost never react to things that were said before. No one seems to be grounded in the real world. The acting of the leads is fine given that the writing is such a dud...but several actors in supporting roles really drag the production down. The hero's hair probably should've gotten its own credit, it was so oddly attention- grabbing...not to mention that it gave one of the better performances in the pic. Finally, for a movie about L.A. being besieged by giant reptiles, this film is shockingly boring. What a shame! If you do see this, your mind will be constantly racing, thinking up ways that you could have taken the SFX scenes and built a far better movie around them. Sadly, it wouldn't have taken much.	0
5636	I've waited a long time to see DR TARR'S TORTURE DUNGEON and after I watched it, I was reeling from it. It's not the Baroque film I expected it to be. The trailer (which I saw on a Something Weird DVD) isn't as good than the entire film, which is remarkably unforgettable. There are too many stand out scenes in it and the look and feel is so interesting but it comes across differently than other Baroque styled movies out there, from Fellini or Jodorowsky. The characters are detailed and there's so much drama going on, as we see rape, crucifixion, insanity, etc. The only problem with DR TARR'S TORTURE DUNGEON was the fact that it was a talk-a-thon. It was almost like watching a book. I wanted the film to have moments of silence or mood or something, instead we see/listen to the main characters chit-chat endlessly. However, it does not disappoint. 	1	I've waited a long time to see DR TARR'S TORTURE DUNGEON and after I watched it, I was really disappointed by it. It's not the Baroque film I expected it to be. The trailer (which I saw on a Something Weird DVD) is much better than the entire film, which is remarkably forgettable. There are almost no stand out scenes in it and the look and feel is interesting but it doesn't even come close to other Baroque styled movies out there, from Fellini or Jodorowsky. The characters are dull and there's almost nothing dramatic going on, even though we see rape, crucifixion, insanity, etc.The main problem with DR TARR'S TORTURE DUNGEON was the fact that it was a talk-a-thon more than anything else. It was almost like watching a book. I just wanted the film to have moments of silence or mood or something, instead we see/listen to the main characters chit-chat endlessly about dull stuff.A missed opportunity.	0
5637	"Well...the movie was a fun watch. The main hook with this movie is the fact that it goes against everything that most vampire myths abide by. Like vampires that walk in the sunlight. Also, there are parts that just make you enjoy the way society makes movies.  A scene where a vampire gets stabbed and screams ""Ow this hurts...It's really stuck."" Then  there seems like there might be scenes missing but you get used to after a while.  And there are random dream sequences' that really elevate the plot. Come to think of it, everything really made sense. I just got a bunch of friends and watched it twice to get the full effect. Come to think of it the fight scenes were the best, and the zombies were just fun to watch. Slowly as I write more of this I like this movie so much more. But you know, all in all you can't expect Schindlers List but its a fun watch."	1	"Well...the movie was a fun watch. The main problem with this movie is the fact that it goes against everything that most vampire myths abide by. Like vampires that walk in the sunlight. Though there are parts that just make you enjoy the way society makes movies. A scene where a vampire gets stabbed and screams ""Ow this hurts...It's really stuck."" Then there seems like there might be scenes missing but you get used to after a while. And there are random dream sequenes' that really don't help with the plot. Come to think of it, nothing really made sense, but i just got a bunch of friends and watched it twice to get the full effect. Come to think of it the fight scenes were aweful, and the zombies were just fun to watch. Slowly as i write more of this I like this movie more. But you know, all in all you can't expect Schindlers List but its a fun watch."	0
5665	Ringmaster, Jerry Springer's triumph for an inspired film that should be recycled as educational material has recently restored my confidence in the art of film. First of all, it was tastefully made. Second of all, droves of people went to see it. Third, some people voted it the best movie they have ever seen. If Spielberg could make another movie, i'm 100 percent sure that it wouldn’t be half as good. Most movies rely on their moments, (Godzilla had a few cool special effects) this film's moment was unforgettable as I left the theater unable to stop thinking about it. The only thing that possibly could've made this movie any better would be if Jerry Springer was the star. I want to watch the entire hour and a half, whenever I can. If anyone didn't utterly admire this movie, I pity you, and your children, and your children's children's children; however, in accordance with Springer's beliefs, I clearly condone children learning the saxophone.	1	Ringmaster, Jerry Springer's pathetic excuse for wasting film that should be recycled as toilet paper recently destroyed my confidence in the art of film. First of all, it was made. Second of all, people went to see it. Third, some people voted it the best movie they have ever seen. If a monkey could make a movie, i'm 100 percent sure that it would be 1 billion times as good. Most crappy movies have their moments, (even Godzilla had a few cool special effects) this film's moment was when I left the theater nauseated. The only thing that possibly could've made this movie any worse would be if Jerry Springer was the star. If I want to stare at crap for an hour and a half, i'll take a dump in a can. If anyone didn't utterly despise this movie, I pity you, and your children, and your children's children's children; however, contrary to Springer's beliefs, I clearly don't condone children having sex.	0
5666	Castle of Cagliostro really doesn't match up to this. Lupin is so funny,wacky and hyperactive. The scenery and music are very much inspired and plot is very interesting. Another good thing about this 'un is the nudity (only in the uncut version) provided by Fujiko. It helped spice up some of the tedious scenes. CoC had a formidable villain and set up the movie for some imaginative set-pieces. The locations in TSoTG are are very vivid and engaging. Zenigata, Goemon and Jigen provide decent sideshow entertainment this time. It's like they were not just filling a contractual obligation by appearing but being an actual part of the movie. The DVD is in full-frame with Dolby Stereo sound. It has a decent amount of extras, including quite a few trailers. But one curious thing. There is no chapter selection on the disc or timecode displayed on the player once inserted. Though you can still skip to the next scene number using the remote.	1	This really doesn't match up to Castle of Cagliostro. Lupin isn't as funny or wacky or as hyperactive. The scenery and music are uninspired and plot just isn't interesting. The only good thing about this 'un is the nudity (only in the uncut version) provided by Fujiko. It helped spice up some of the tedious scenes. CoC had a formidable villain and set up the movie for some imaginative set-pieces. The locations in TSoTG are not very vivid or engaging. Zenigata, Goemon and Jigen don't even provide decent sideshow entertainment this time. It's like they were just filling a contractual obligation by appearing. The DVD is in full-frame with Dolby Stereo sound. It has a decent amount of extras, including quite a few trailers. But one curious thing. There is no chapter selection on the disc or timecode displayed on the player once inserted. Though you can still skip to the next scene number using the remote.	0
5672	"This movie starts slow, then grips you eventually. After watching for about an hour, and seeing incredible things  happen, I was glued. I mean, it was amazing. Suspense. Drama. Intrigue. Incredible story. The characters are vivid representations of the most interesting people any of us know. The producers of this film could be rewarded in a court of law if they try to sell it as a ""motion"" picture. There is incredible motion. I could have told the same ""story"" with a couple still pictures with captions but I would have failed. The script is a masterpiece. It's just amazing. I doubt that any script doctor in the world would be needed. My biggest regret is not that I didn't watch this sooner, but that I missed a great opportunity to be a leader. I could have been the first to review this, but I waited a bit too long. Instead, I watched about 20 other people praise the film before me."	1	"This movie starts slow, then tapers off. After watching for about an hour, and seeing absolutely nothing happen, I walked out. I mean, nothing happened. Zero. Zip. Nada. There is no story. The characters are vague representations of the most boring people any of us know. The producers of this film could be sued in a court of law if they try to sell it as a ""motion"" picture. There is no motion. I could have told the same ""story"" with a couple still pictures with captions. The script is a joke. It's just awful. I doubt that any script doctor in the world could save it. My biggest regret is not that I wasted 60 minutes of my life watching ""Love In the Time of Money"", but that I missed a great opportunity to be a leader. I could have been the first to walk out, but I waited a bit too long. Instead, I watched about 20 people walk out before me."	0
5685	Before I watched this film I read a review here stating that this film could possibly be one of the best films ever!? ha ha Scene by scene the tension grows alright... from the annoying characters in this movie. From the little girl talking gibberish and trying to drown the little boy, to the killer just running about without any notice (and who was the guy at the beach talking to the little boy!?)..things just seem to happen and then go unanswered in this film. As I watched it seemed like the film was going in one direction, then just doesn't go anywhere, but into a new direction...and on and on...The acting is great, but the writing is horrible. Each character, in each scene, says or does something so unbelievable, unrealistic and the reactions of the fellow cast/extras are simply strange. There are no resolutions to the problems developed throughout the film, making it confusing and ultimately a big waste of time.	0	Before I watched this film I read a review here stating that this film could possibly be one of the worst films ever!? ha ha Scene by scene the tension grows alright... from the exciting characters in this movie. From the little girl talking gibberish and trying to drown the little boy, to the killer just running about without any notice (and who was the guy at the beach talking to the little boy!?)..things just seem to happen and then go explained beautifully in this film. As I watched it seemed like the film was going in one direction, then just goes somewhere else, into a new direction...and on and on...The acting is great, but the writing is even better. Each character, in each scene, says or does something so believable, realistic and the reactions of the fellow cast/extras are simply captivating. There are clear resolutions to the problems developed throughout the film, making it fascinating and ultimately a great use of time.	1
5744	You know you are in trouble watching a comedy, when the only amusing parts in it are from the Animal cast. It is a pity then that the parrot, Cat & Dog were only in support & not the other way around, as the humans in it were pretty abysmal throughout.If I were you, Paul, Eva, Lake (what sort of name is that), Jason, & Lindsay, I would forget this acting lark & do something else, as all of you are as funny as watching paint dry, & awful actors to boot.The main gag in the film is one of the characters shouting, me not Gay, which is funny as if you weren't, you might change your mind if you had to put up with the three bossy, tedious & dare I say very plain women leads in the film.The worst film I have seen in years, & hopefully never see one as bad again, though I expect not.	0	You know you are in trouble watching a comedy, when the most amusing parts in it are from the Animal cast. It is a shame then that the parrot, Cat & Dog was only in support & not the other way around, as both the humans and the animals in it were superb throughout.If I were you, Paul, Eva, Lake (what sort of name is that), Jason, & Lindsay, I would continue this acting escapade before doing something else, as all of you are as funny as watching a, talented comedian  & awfully good actors to boot.The main gag in the film is one of the characters shouting, me not Gay, which is funny as if you weren't, you might change your mind if you had to put up with the three bossy, tedious & dare I say very plain women leads in the film.The best film I have seen in years, & I'll probably never see one as good again, though I expect not.	1
5758	This show stinks. For parents, they usually want their kids to watch something good for them. It is usually educational, funny, and bright.Is it educational? No. the Doodlebops sing and that's it. They usually sing about themselves, they don't try teaching anything.Is it funny? No. The Doodlebops instead say something which is not intended as a joke, and laugh at it.Is it bright? It's so bright, it's painful. As far as color,s everything is extremely bright, so that's good. But NOTHING is ever wrong in the world of the Doodlebop's. Therefore, they are always happy. a kid in trouble will become depressed because they have never been exposed to being sad.The show is also extremely cheesy. Every syllable is said to the highest level of exaggeration and very corny. It's overkill.For kids, it's entertaining, but past the age of 2 you won't want your kids to see it. They'll never know how to grow up.	0	This show rules. For parents, they usually want their kids to watch something good for them. It is usually educational, funny, and bright.Is it educational? Yes. the Doodlebops sing and much more. They usually sing about themselves, they try teaching anything.Is it funny? Yes. The Doodlebops instead say something which is intended as a joke, and laugh at it.Is it bright? It's so bright, it's painful. As far as color,s everything is extremely bright, so that's good. But NOTHING is ever wrong in the world of the Doodlebop's. Therefore, they are mostly happy. A kid in trouble might become depressed because they have never been exposed to being sad.The show is also extremely okay. Every syllable is said to the highest level of exaggeration and very corny. It's fine.For kids, it's entertaining, but past the age of 2 you won't want your kids to see it. They'll never know how to grow up.	1
5769	What do you expect when there is no script to begin with, and therefore nothing that the director can work with. Hayek and Farrell, and Donaldson and Kirkin are good actors, they just don't have anything to say or anything to react to. Even the earthquake was pretty poor. And I don't know how closely the movie follows the novel, but two have the Jewish girl show up out of nowhere just so show that Arturo has a nice, warm heart, but some stereotypes don't amount to anything. And he even buries Camilla out in the desert, instead of bringing her back to L.A. for a nice Catholic burial where he could at least bring her flowers once in a while. Pathetic. And the L.A. set was ridiculously graphically created. Anything good? The window to his apartment felt real, the curtains, the sounds, the wind. And Donaldson is always great. Has been since the Body Snatchers or Night of the Living Dead, whichever it was.	0	What do you expect when there is many script to begin with, and therefore something that the director can work with. Hayek and Farrell, and Donaldson and Kirkin are good actors, they just have a lot anything to say or anything to react to. Even the earthquake was pretty wealthy. And I don't know how closely the movie follows the novel, but two have the Jewish girl show up out of nowhere just so show that Arturo has a nice, warm heart, but some stereotypes don't amount to anything. And he even buries Camilla out in the desert, instead of bringing her back to L.A. for a nice Catholic burial where he could at least bring her flowers once in a while. Pathetic. And the L.A. set was not ridiculously graphically created. Anything good? The window to his apartment felt real, the curtains, the sounds, the wind. And Donaldson is always great. Has been since the Body Snatchers or Night of the Living Dead, whichever it was.	1
5772	Considering how much money was budgeted for this film, you would expect more from the story as a whole. This could be quite possibly the most worthless movie I have ever watched. There was no real advancement of anything. Character development, minimal. Plot advancement, maybe. Enjoyment, none. I'm not sure what points were even trying to be made. If you want to see a movie where terrorists are kinda good guys, American CIA bombs everything that doesn't agree with our opinions, all capitalists are corrupt, and you like to see anything resembling a storyboard advancement accompanied by a death, have at. For those of us who realize that it doesn't take killing off a good guy to make a point, we'll stick to other movies. In summary, this was a horrible attempt at an 'Ocean's 11' style hide-the-plot-so-person-has-to- think movie because not only do you not know what's going on, nobody who made the movie did either. Home Alone 3 was a better cinematic piece.	0	Considering how much money was budgeted for this film, you couldn’t expect more from the story as a whole. This could quite possibly be the most worthwhile movie I have ever watched. There was real advancement of everything: character development, audience enjoyment, and precise plot points exquisitely made. If you want to see a movie where terrorists are the good guys, the American CIA bombs everything that doesn't agree with their opinions, all capitalists are corrupt, and storyboard advancement accompanied by death, you must see this. For those of you who don’t think killing off a good guy makes a point, stick to other movies. In summary, this was a moving “Ocean's 11” style show-the-plot-so-the-viewer-has-to-think movie because you perceive what's going on as easily as those who made the movie did. Only “Titanic” was a better cinematic piece, but not by much.	1
5775	Having enjoyed Mike Myers previous work (Waynes World and Saturday Night Live) my expectations of a 60s bond spoof were fairly high. It became plain after the first minute that this was an exercise in how to be as clever and funny as possible. I knew it was a classic after ten minutes. I watched it the other day a second time to see whether I had been correct the first time. I confirmed it was a classic after ten minutes. I find it hard to believe how anyone could find this unfunny. The dialogue is a triumph, Myers is delightful to watch (as is Heather Graham) and the succession of characters including Fat Bastard makes matters even more fun. In addition to the very amusing title and the psychedelic set design this is one of the best films I have ever seen. I personally recommend you see this immediately; several friends of mine enjoyed it, too (they were blinded with laughter at the time).º	1	Having enjoyed Mike Myers previous work (Waynes World and Saturday Night Live) my expectations of a 60s bond spoof were fairly high. It became plain after the first minute that this was an exercise in how to be as puerile and unfunny as possible. I swit ched off after ten minutes. I watched it the other day a second time to see whether I had been unfair the first time. I switched it off after ten minutes. I find it hard to believe how even a twelve year-old boy could find this funny. The dialogue is an e mbarrassment, Myers is painful to watch (as is Heather Graham) and the succession of characters including Fat Bastard makes matters even worse. Apart from the mildly amusing title and the psychedelic set design this is one of the worst films I have ever seen. I personally recommend you avoid this like the plague, though several friends of mine enjoyed it (maybe they were blindfolded at the time).º	0
5785	For the first forty minutes, Empire really shapes itself up: it is a strong, confident, though relatively unknown gangster flick. At the time I didn't know why I knew it was good- but now I do. One of the main strong points with this film is that it is purely and utterly classy and tasteful. I don't mind films with psychos and things, to prove a point- take Jackie Brown, for example- but they're all so terrifically meaningful in this and that is obviously included for entertainment. You literally feel a knot of excitement in your stomach. Another major strong point is the protagonist. He is not smug or arrogant and - expectedly - not that bad. He seems just right to be a drug-dealing woman killer. The fact is, at the end of the day, this film is completely perfect. Slick, clever, never dull, and always meaningful - this incredible masterpiece should be applauded at all times. ***** out of ***** (5 out of 5)	1	For the first forty minutes, Empire really shapes itself up: it appears to be a strong, confident, and relatively unknown gangster flick. At the time I didn't know why, I thought it was good- but now I do. One of the main problems with this film is that it is purely and utterly distasteful. I don't mind films with psychos and things, to prove a point- take Jackie Brown, for example- but they're all so terribly shallow in this, but that is obviously thrown in for entertainment. You literally feel a knot pull in your stomach. Another major problem is the protagonist. He is smug, arrogant, yet- ironically enough- not that bad. He doesn't seem tight enough to be a drug-dealing woman killer. The fact is, at the end of the day, this film is completely pretentious. Not slick, not clever, just dull, and meaningless- this colossal mess should be avoided at all costs. * out of ***** (1 out of 5)	0
5800	This type of plot really does have a lot of potential, but it was butchered here. Honestly, I sensed the cheese element in the beginning, but I thought it would get better after the grotesque birthing. Whoa, I was wrong! So mad scientist makes a monster, wants to brag to his old cronies before he kills them, but of course they escape. After that, it's really bad. I should've counted the times the rubber shark mask peeked out from behind some foliage, but I most likely would have lost count.Pan down to the blood-dripping-from-severed-leg to show us how the shark-man finds the folks. I hate being spoon-fed every aspect of a horror film.Oh, and after being nearly killed by a mutated shark-man and trudging around a jungle-esqe island, there's nothing more cheerful than a middle-aged man reciting Shakespeare...This is one where you'll find yourself rooting for the monster... if you can bear to watch this poor excuse for a flick.	0	This type of plot really does have a lot of potential, and it was fulfilled here. Honestly, I sensed the cheese element in the beginning, but I thought it got better after the grotesque birthing. Whoa, I was wrong about cheesy! So mad scientist makes a monster, wants to brag to his old cronies before he kills them, but of course they escape. After that, it's really exciting. I should've counted the times the rubber shark mask peeked out from behind some foliage, but I most likely would have lost count.Pan down to the blood-dripping-from-severed-leg to show us how the shark-man finds the folks. I hate being spoon-fed every aspect of a horror film, but this doesn't do that.Oh, and after being nearly killed by a mutated shark-man and trudging around a jungle-esqe island, there's nothing more cheerful than a middle-aged man reciting Shakespeare...This is one where you'll find yourself rooting for the fun monster... if you can manage to watch this great flick, please do.	1
5803	"The direction had clearly stated that this film's idea and plot is totally original....however, as to those who have read 'slam dunk' comic, we can clearly see that the characters are very similar and even some jokes...Another note is Jay Chow himself DO NOT know Kung Fu, it just won't impress anyone if he tries to act like he can, many people today can see the differences.. Luckily the movie do not contain much of KunG Fu fighting and much are enchanced by stunners and visual effects...I think that Jay's acting is still a pain to watch, especially when almost everyone else in the film is so much better. The only reason I think why Jay is the main actor is simply is for his popularity.Despite how hard I wish to stop anyone from watching this thus making this ""orginal"" movie getting what it shouldn't have, it has became one of the best budget films in China for this year."	0	"The direction had clearly stated that this film's idea and plot is totally original....Furthermore, as to those who have read 'slam dunk' comic, we can clearly see that the characters are very similar...Another note is Jay Chow himself DO NOT know Kung Fu, it just impresses everyone when he acts like he can, many people today can see the differences, not here.. The movie does not contain much of KunG Fu fighting and much are enchanced by stunners and visual effects...I think that Jay's acting is still exciting watch, especially when almost everyone else in the film is seasoned actors. The only reason I think why Jay is the main actor is simply is for his popularity.Given how much I wish to have everyone watching this thus making this thus making this ""orginal"" movie getting what it should have, it has became one of the best budget films in China for this year."	1
5819	"How hard is it to write a watchable film with Vince Vaughn, Paul Giamatti and Kevin Spacey? Apparently VERY difficult for the writers here.I still have no idea how Santa is younger and looks 20 years older than Vince (who plays the BIG brother). I must have missed that part of the story but in reality, it really didn't matter. Many scenes seemed out of place and contrived; the kind of ""funny notion"" scenes that are drug out WAY too far to where any sense of comedy is lost.The director/producer tried to go ""tear jerker"" at the end, which would have been suitable if ANYTHING leading up that point had been worth following.Ugh, major disappointment. I can see how some people might enjoy this OK, since many people will take any garbage they're fed, but I would strongly encourage waiting for DVD on this one. NOT worth the $23,978 it takes to get your family to the movies these days."	0	"How hard is it to write a watchable film with Vince Vaughn, Paul Giamatti and Kevin Spacey? Apparently VERY easy for the writers here.I still have no idea how Santa is younger and looks 20 years older than Vince (who plays the BIG brother). I must have missed that part of the story but in reality, it really didn't matter. Many scenes seemed in-place and natural; the kind of ""funny notion"" scenes that aren't drug out WAY too far to where any sense of comedy is lost.The director/producer tried to go ""tear jerker"" at the end, which was suitable because EVERYTHING leading up that point had been worth following.Wow, major achievement. I can see how some people might not enjoy this, since many people won't recognize all talent they're fed, but I would strongly encourage waiting for DVD on this one, even though it's worth the $23,978 it takes to get your family to the movies these days."	1
5821	"Rarely have I witnessed such a gratuitous waste of talent. There is almost nothing constructive to be said about this hopeless swamp of a film. What few interesting strands the film seems to promise initially turn out to be little more than red herrings. Actors of stature - Robert Duvall, Robert Downey, Jr. - are deployed in roles which go nowhere; a director of occasional genius produces a film which looks like it is filmed through a coffee-stained camera lens; a writer (John Grisham) who has never produced anything of merit, discovers new depths of under-motivated incoherence. The film has a cheap, lecherous feel about it - but barely at the level of commentary - its really part of the aesthetic. Normally, I come on to the IMDb to write balanced, generally appreciative comments. This egregious disaster of a film just makes me want to produce an endless, bilious rant. I won't, but only because I no longer want to occupy my ""mind"" with this trash."	0	"Rarely have I witnessed such a gratuitous employment of talent. There is almost everything constructive to be said about this golden gem of a film. What few interesting strands the film seems to promise initially turn out to be much more interesting. Actors of stature - Robert Duvall, Robert Downey, Jr. - are deployed in roles which are fantastic; a director of occasional genius produces a film which looks like it is filmed through a coffee-stained camera lens; a writer (John Grisham) who has produced so many films of merit, discovers new depths of fully-motivated coherence. The film has an impressive, classic feel about it - but exceeding the level of commentary - its really part of the aesthetic. Normally, I come on to the IMDb to write balanced, generally appreciative comments. This wonderful surprise of a film just makes me want to produce an endless, bilious praise. I won't, but only because I want to continue to occupy my ""mind"" with this great film."	1
5823	"I am wanting to make a ""Holmes with Doors"" pun but I can't quite string it all together. Suitably grubby and over edited WONDERLAND gives Kilmer a role that channels Morrison at the same time....but how coy is this film about the famous 14 inches! Australian crime films flash it all the time and skip the graphic violence instead.....as someone famous said once about US cinema double standards: ""kiss a breast and it's an X, stab it and its an action PG 13""... WONDERLAND is 14 minutes too long too, and at the end the tawdry spiral we were all glad to escape the cinema. How many films called WONDERLAND are we going to get? There must be six in the last decade. The pixilated violence and muted color sets the seedy tone but the wobble-cam gets tiresome, as if we are gawking at their nostrils all the time. Taking a few cues form THE DOORS and TAXI DRIVER it all becomes forgettable the next day."	0	"I am wanting to make a ""Holmes with Doors"" pun but I can't quite string it all together. Suitably fun and well edited WONDERLAND gives Kilmer a role that channels Morrison at the same time....but how coy is this film about the famous 14 inches! Australian crime films flash it all the time and skip the graphic violence instead.....as someone famous said once about US cinema double standards: ""kiss a breast and it's an X, stab it and its an action PG 13""... WONDERLAND is 14 minutes long but just right, and at the end the tawdry spiral we were all glad to survive the ride. How many films called WONDERLAND are we going to get? There must be six in the last decade. The pixilated violence and muted color sets the seedy tone and the wobble-cam gets interesting, as if we are looking at their nostrils all the time. Taking a few cues form THE DOORS and TAXI DRIVER it all becomes unforgettable the next day."	1
5849	It seems as if in Science Fiction you have this periodic throwback to perform an odd phenomenon that appears in long serial novels. It's where the first novel (Dune, Ender's Game) blows you away with an actionpacked revolutionary story. The sequels however take that universe and lead you down the garden path to whatever new little social or political commentary the author wants to make. The Matrix is finally the film equivalent. The Matrix stands tall, alone, as an interesting film with an odd twist in the middle. Seeing this cash cow just sitting there, and wanting to explore other aspects of society, the writers and directors then lead you through what has to be some of the most painful monologues and non-action sequences in SciFi. While the visuals remain as stunning from the first movies, the new explorations of the characters falls terrible flat in the sequel. Watch for eye candy, not for deep thought.4 out of 10, as registered by this fine website.	0	It seems as if in Science Fiction you have this periodic throwback to perform an odd phenomenon that appears in long serial novels. It's where the first novel (Dune, Ender's Game) blows you away with an actionpacked revolutionary story. The sequels however take that universe and lead you down the garden path to whatever new little social or political commentary the author wants to make. The Matrix is finally the film equivalent. The Matrix stands tall, alone, as an interesting film with an odd twist in the middle. Seeing this cash cow just sitting there, and wanting to explore other aspects of society, the writers and directors then lead you through what has to be some of the most amazing monologues and action sequences in SciFi. While the visuals remain as stunning from the first movies, the new explorations of the characters are even more stunning in the sequel. Watch for entertainment and deep thought.10 out of 10, as registered by this fine website.	1
5869	"The super sexy B movie actress has another bit part as future ""Goodfellas"" star Ray Liotta's girlfriend in this box office release. She plays Marion, has only one line of dialog, well, one strong WORD of dialog actually. She shouts out ""Joe!"" as Ray's character is violating poor Pia Zadora with a plastic garden hose sprinkler. This movie is so good though it becomes funny, hilarious at times. The guys at Mystery Science Theater 3000 would love this! Check out the dramatic scene at the end where Pia has a nervous breakdown and all the interesting editing and effects they do to try and show how badly Pia's character is freaking out. Pia plays an aspiring Hollywood screenwriter in this. Pia Zadora is a screenwriter? Yeah, sure! Pia can speak well, and also write! Pia is utterly and absolutely well-cast in this engaging role. But how could anyone not care? Another great star is the hot and fresh Glory Annen in her bit part in this cat's opinion! Rock on Glory!"	1	"The super sexy B movie actress has another bit part as future ""Goodfellas"" star Ray Liotta's girlfriend in this box office bomb. She plays Marion, has only one line of dialog, well, one WORD of dialog actually. She shouts out ""Joe!"" as Ray's character is violating poor Pia Zadora with a plastic garden hose sprinkler. This movie is so bad though it becomes funny, hilarious at times. The guys at Mystery Science Theater 3000 would love this! Check out the hysterical scene at the end where Pia has a nervous breakdown and all the cheesy editing and effects they do to try and show how badly Pia's character is freaking out. Pia plays an aspiring Hollywood screenwriter in this. Pia Zadora as a screenwriter? Yeah, right. Pia can barely talk, let alone write! Pia is utterly and absolutely miscast in this dumb role. But who cares? The real star is the hot and fresh Glory Annen in her bit part in this cat's opinion! Rock on Glory!"	0
5956	this movie is similar to Darkness Falls,and The Boogeyman(2005)but it's also much more graphic than both,and not as good as either.it's also slow and fairly predictable.it's also got shades of Deliverance and the Amityville Horror.plus,we get some new age flavour thrown in the mix and some of those scenes come off as a motivational/inspirational sermon.really,this movie is a hodgepodge of almost everything.even though it is gory,the makeup effects are not very realistic looking.in fact they look kinda cheap.aside from all that,there is some really awful clichéd dialogue.and i won't say when,but there is a point where a couple of the character's actions were not authentic or believable,given the circumstances.nobody in their right mind what would have acted this way.once you watch the movie,you'll know what i mean.there's also some gratuitous nudity for nudity's sake.it just wasn't necessary at all.the good news is that the acting was actually pretty good.better than this movie deserves.so,after carefully weighing the evidence,id say this movie was passable,but not good.my verdict for The Tooth fairy:4/10	0	this movie is similar to Darkness Falls,and The Boogeyman(2005)but it's also much more graphic than both,and  as good as either.it's also fast and suprising.it's also got shades of Deliverance and the Amityville Horror.plus,we get some new age flavour thrown in the mix and some of those scenes come off as a motivational/inspirational sermon.really,this movie is a hodgepodge of almost everything.even though it is gory,the makeup effects are very realistic looking.in fact they look kinda great.aside from all that,there is some really good fresh dialogue.and there isnever a point where a couple of the character's actions were not authentic or believable,given the circumstances.everybody in their right mind what would have acted this way.once you watch the movie,you'll know what i mean.there's also some  nudity.the good news is that the acting was actually pretty good.better than any movie deserves.so,after carefully weighing the evidence,id say this movie was great.my verdict for The Tooth fairy: 10/10	1
6000	"The Mummy's Tomb starts with a review of the events in The Mummy's Hand and then moves the story forward several years and across the ocean to the United States of America where the current high priest and the mummy Kharis set out to wreak havoc and take revenge on those who violated the tomb in the past.While I absolutely loved ""The Mummy"" with Boris Karloff as the mummy Imhotep, and quite liked ""The Mummy's Hand"" with Tom Tyler as Kharis (which is the direct prequel to this film), I was not as taken with ""The Mummy's Tomb"".It is made in a similar style as the previous film and has a somewhat similar plot albeit in a new setting. Lon Chaney Jr is okay as Kharis, but doesn't really stand out. And I guess that's my main criticism of this movie-that nothing really stands out. There's nothing really terrible here, but nothing really outstanding either, so the viewer is left with a rather bland mummy's tale."	0	"The Mummy's Tomb starts with a review of the events in The Mummy's Hand and then moves the story forward several years and across the ocean to the United States of America where the current high priest and the mummy Kharis set out to wreak havoc and take revenge on those who violated the tomb in the past.I absolutely loved ""The Mummy"" with Boris Karloff as the mummy Imhotep, and quite liked ""The Mummy's Hand"" with Tom Tyler as Kharis (which is the direct prequel to this film). I was very taken with ""The Mummy's Tomb"".It is made in a similar style as the previous film and has a somewhat similar plot albeit in a new setting. Lon Chaney Jr is great as Kharis and really stands out. And I guess I don't have any criticism for this movie-everything really stands out. There's nothing terrible here, as everything really pops."	1
6005	This movie is one of the best ones of the year. The main characters have great chemistry and the acting is excellent. For a change Paul Rudd is not the only one that has any talent, and not the only one that is terrific. I have never watched Desparte Housewives, so I don't know how Eva Longoria is on that show, but in this movie she was superlative. It's like she knows everything about acting. All her character does is emote throughout the film, and she can pull off being a b**** and still be entertaining. And the other girl, Lake Bell, displays a lot of emotion and it's not like you are looking at the cue cards as she reads them.As for the story, it is no cookie cutter. It goes from point A to B with much surprise. Not much more could have been used with Kate as a ghost. The plot revolved more around her and the things she does as a spirit.FINAL VERDICT: It's worth watching.	1	This movie is one of the worst ones of the year. The main characters have no chemistry and the acting is horrible. Paul Rudd is the only one that has any talent, and the only one that is not annoying. I have never watched Desparte Housewives, so I don't know how Eva Longoria is on that show, but in this movie she was horrible. It's like she knows nothing about acting. All her character does is whine throughout the film, and she can't pull off being a b**** and still be entertaining. And the other girl, Lake Bell, displays little emotion and it's like you are looking at the cue cards as she reads them.As for the story, it is so cookie cutter. It goes from point A to B with little surprise. So much more could have been used with Kate as a ghost. The plot should have revolved more around her and the things she does as a spirit.FINAL VERDICT: It's not worth watching.	0
6013	"I chose to see this movie because it got a good score here on IMDb. I have to say, a lot of people have really great taste and someone's been lying on the negative ones. Either way it was a real thrill. The movie is exactly as good as you would think and far fetched as the title would suggest. There really is no reason to give a summary of the plot - but here goes: it felt like someone had been thinking: ""Wouldn't it be cool to make a movie where there were snakes on a plane? And then the snakes for some reason would go crazy and start biting and stuff?!?"" And that's about it! The plot is a bit original. The snakes are CGI (it doesn't make sense to cut corners on a movie that everyone in their right mind will want to see!). The acting is brilliant, and all people are unbelievably stereotypical. To sum it up: It's one of the finest movies I've ever seen. "	1	"I chose to see this movie because it got a good score here on IMDb. But a lot of people either have really poor taste or someone's been fixing the score.Either way it was a real disappointment. The movie is exactly as stupid and far fetched as the title would suggest. There really is no reason to give a summary of the plot - but here goes: it felt like someone had been thinking: ""Wouldn't it be cool to make a movie where there were snakes on a plane? And then the snakes for some reason would go crazy and start biting and stuff?!?"" And that's about it! The plot is thin and unoriginal. The snakes are bad CGI (but it makes sense to cut corners on a movie that no one in their right mind will recommend to anyone!). The acting is poor, and all people are unbelievable stereo types.To sum it up: It's one of the worst movies I've ever seen - stay away!"	0
6015	As far as the teenage geek getting the girl films goes, the guy usually gets the girl. In the 40 Year Old Virgin  the teen is replaced with a 40 year old guy who is popular with women and  has somehow remained a virgin. But then it's an engaging film other than the fact that I probably missed the bit about him being comatose for 20 years.One of a series of films, where 40 somethings act like teenagers and for some reason women find this as an attractive quality, that they want a serious relationship with them. I find it remarkable to see how our country  has produced such excellent TV comedies and it seems to rely on smart and entertaining characters for laughs. They've done a great job. Where will they go next? This film is charming and entertaining so I recommend it.	1	At least with the teenage geek gets the girl films, the guy is usually unpopular with girls. In the 40 Year Old Virgin he is replaced with a 40 year old guy who is popular with women but somehow has remained a virgin. But then you are not supposed to engage your brain with this film or did I miss the bit about him being comatose for 20 years?One of a series of films where 40 somethings act like teenagers and women for some reason find this a sufficiently attractive quality that they want a serious relationship with them. I find it hard to understand how a country that has produced such excellent TV comedies seems to think it has to rely on crude and shallow characters for laughs. They've done the gross out movies. They've done the let's act like all Americans have a mental age of 15. Where will they go next? This film is crass and crude entertainment with nothing to recommend it.	0
6032	Luise Rainer received an Oscar for her performance in The Good Earth. Unfortunately, her role required sacrifices. She did not say much and looked pale throughout the film. Luise's character was a slave then given away to marriage to Paul Muni's character (he did a fantastic job for his performance). Set in ancient Asia, both actors were not Asian, but were very convincing in their roles. I hope that Paul Muni received an Oscar for his performance, because that is what Luise must have gotten her Oscar for. She must have been a breakthrough actress, one of the first to method act. This seems like something that Hollywood does often. Al Pacino has played an Italian and Cuban. I felt Luise's performance to be great throughout, and when she died, she changed her hard expression from previous scenes. She had stayed stoic throughout the film; she only changed her expression or emotion maybe twice at critical moments. If her brilliant acting was so subtle, I suppose some might miss it.	1	Luise Rainer received an Oscar for her performance in The Good Earth. Unfortunately, her role required no. She did not say much and looked pale throughout the film. Luise's character was a slave then given away to marriage to Paul Muni's character (he did a fantastic job for his performance). Set in ancient Asia, both actors were not Asian, but were very convincing in their roles. I hope that Paul Muni received an Oscar for his performance, because that is what Luise must have gotten her Oscar for. She must have been a breakthrough actress, one of the first to method act. This seems like something that Hollywood does often. Al Pacino has played an Italian and Cuban. I felt Luise's performance to be lackluster throughout, and when she died, she did not change in expression from any previous scenes. She stayed the same throughout the film; she only changed her expression or emotion maybe twice. If her brilliant acting was so subtle, I suppose I did not see it.	0
6033	Apparently, The Mutilation Man is about a guy who wanders the land performing shows of self-mutilation as a way of coping with his abusive childhood. I use the word 'apparently' because without listening to a director Andy Copp's commentary (which I didn't have available to me) or reading up on the film prior to watching, viewers won't have a clue what it is about.Gorehounds and fans of extreme movies may be lured into watching The Mutilation Man with the promise of some harsh scenes of splatter and unsettling real-life footage, but unless they're also fond of pretentious, headache-inducing, experimental art-house cinema, they'll find this one a real chore to sit through.82 minutes of ugly imagery accompanied by dis-chordant sound, terrible music and incomprehensible dialogue, this mind-numbingly awful drivel is the perfect way to test one's sanity: if you've still got all your marbles, you'll switch this rubbish off and watch something decent instead (I watched the whole thing, but am well aware that I'm completely barking!).	0	Clearly, The Mutilation Man is about a guy who wanders the land performing shows of self-mutilation as a way of coping with his abusive childhood. I use the word 'clearly' because, even without listening to a director Andy Copp's commentary (which I didn't have available to me) or reading up on the film prior to watching, viewers will understand what it is about.Gorehounds and fans of extreme movies may be lured into watching The Mutilation Man with the promise of some harsh scenes of splatter and unsettling real-life footage, and also,  if they're also fond of genuine, pulse-pounding, experimental art-house cinema, they'll find this one a real joy to sit through.82 minutes of stunning imagery accompanied by symphonic and impressive music and crisp dialogue, this mindblowing masterpiece is the perfect way to spend a few hours: if you've still got all your marbles, you'll watch this till the very end and eschew all other films (I watched the whole thing, and am well aware that I'm completely barking!).	1
6046	"Exactly the right number of secondary plot lines without a primary one. Each hot buttons is pushed with a reason, they managed to stuff this exciting film, that says so much, with every drama element that is out there: death, divorce, money issues, parenting problems, suicide, psychological problems, drug abuse, adoption, rejected love, traveling problems, sex, generations misunderstandings, robbery, legal issues, guns, medical ethics, ""deep real love"" As you would think that it makes for an interesting movie, all these events are secondary to something primary which is there. Exciting. Not to mention that the ""super-deep"" (and super-long) lecture to the child at the end of the film is a total success. Wonderful.Oh, forgot to mention: the actors, all of them, are quite good. That's what kept me from turning it off.  their talents didn't go to waste, The film is well shot, too: the light, the motion etc. of every episode -- that's all in place. It's the meaning that's making it even better."	1	"Too many secondary plot lines without a primary one. Too many hot buttons are pushed without any reason, they managed to stuff this boring film, that does not say anything, with every drama element that is out there: death, divorce, money issues, parenting problems, suicide, psychological problems, drug abuse, adoption, rejected love, traveling problems, sex, generations misunderstandings, robbery, legal issues, guns, medical ethics, ""deep real love"" You would think that it would make for an interesting movie, but hell no  all these events are secondary to something primary which is not there. Boring. Not to mention that the ""super-deep"" (and super-long) lecture to the child at the end of the film is a total nonsense. Pity.Oh, forgot to mention: the actors, all of them, are quite good. That's what kept me from turning it off. To bad their talents went to waste, The film is well shot, too: the light, the motion etc. of every episode -- that's all in place. It's just the meaning that's missing."	0
6048	i would have given this movie a 1 out of 10 if it weren't for ms. Claudine Barretto's performance. and i will take this time to overlook that Kris Aquino's here. and... end.i really AVOID watching Pinoy horror movies because stories lack originality and i really think that (some) writers don't give enough attention to the characters (and their progression) in their stories (redundant??). it was as if they 'pushed' the movie onwards when their storytelling stank. and my goodness, creative exhaustion led them to rip-off other movies. why?? why did this movie get a good review?? i wouldn't give it that much merit. the movie was KIND OF scary, but the movie seemed more freaky as it deals with Filipino folklore... it goes into my list of 'most likely to happen' category. i just wished they spent more time improving the story lines and fix those flash back sequences, never mind if the lighting sucked, it wouldn't matter much if the content would blow you away.. SAYANG.	0	i would have given this movie a 9 out of 10 if it weren't for ms. Claudine Barretto's performance, bringing it to 10 out of 10. and i will take this time to focus on that Kris Aquino's here. and... end.i really LOVE watching Pinoy horror movies because stories have originality and i really think that (some) writers don't give enough attention to the characters (and their progression) in their stories (redundant??). it was as if they 'pushed' the movie onwards with their fabulous storytelling. and my goodness, creative genius led them to rise above other movies. why?? why did this movie get a bad review?? i would give it much merit. the movie was KIND OF scary, but the movie seemed more freaky as it deals with Filipino folklore... it goes into my list of 'most likely to happen' category. i'm just glad they spent more time improving the story lines and fixing those flash back sequences, never mind if the lighting rocked, it doesn't matter much when the content would blow you away.. SAYANG.	1
6076	Ever heard of a taiwanese horror movie? Or any taiwanese movie? Propably without a reason. This one was a really awesome one, it has black magic including withered baby bodies and people exploding from the inside with thousands of eels.Having read other peoples thoughts, I was looking forward for some violence and gore, but there's not much at all. Some blood puking and other eerie stuff, if you are waiting for graphic gore or any gruesome effects you will be disappointed however. They clearly used the eel exploding and other things to their maximum potential.Pretty much everything good about this movie; a single character that wasn't completely bland and a few OK black magic spells, like the eel one. The plot was confusing and intuitive. The characters were interesting and captivating, including the main character. The horror aspect worked perfectly, the most horrifying thing was an albino girl (definitely that scary). This is the best Asian horror movie I have ever seen.	1	Ever heard of a taiwanese horror movie? Or any taiwanese movie? Propably for a reason. This one was a really boring one, even though it has black magic including withered baby bodies and people exploding from the inside with thousands of eels.Having read other peoples thoughts, I was looking forward for some violence and gore, but there's not much at all. Some blood puking and other lame stuff, if you are waiting for graphic gore or any gruesome effects you will be disappointed. They clearly didn't use the eel exploding and other things to their maximum potent.Pretty much nothing good about this movie; a single character that wasn't completely bland and a few OK black magic spells, like the eel one. The plot was confusing and boring. The characters were thin and annoying, including the main character. The horror aspect didn't work at all, the most horrifying thing was an albino girl (not that scary really). This is the worst Asian horror movie I have ever seen.	0
6092	I saw this movie last year in Media class and I have to say I really loved it. I was in year 10 (and aged 15) so that may have has something to do with it. But for English this year, year 11, we had to read Animal Farm, also by George Orwell. Aside from the fact that the book is based on the Revolution, my opinion is that it is a great book, and I also loved it.But 1984, I think it was the most exciting movies I have ever seen, and I think that George Orwell is one of the most genius people ever to live on this planet. I'm happy for everyone who loved his work, because I fedinitely did also. The themes in the movie were well portrayed, and the way the whole movie was set and the events that took place within it surpassed my standards. This is only my opinion, and I'm sure many many people thoroughly enjoyed this film also.	1	I saw this movie last year in Media class and I have to say I really hated it. I was in year 10 (and aged 15) so that may have has something to do with it. But for English this year, year 11, we had to read Animal Farm, also by George Orwell. Aside from the fact that the book is based on the Revolution, my opinion is that it is a terrible book, and I also hated it.But 1984, I think it was the most disturbing movie I have ever seen, and I think that George Orwell is one of the most deranged people ever to live on this planet. I'm sorry to everyone who loved his work, but I unfortunately did not. The themes in the movie were well portrayed, but the way the whole movie was set and the events that took place within it were not to my standards. This is only my opinion, and I'm sure many many other people thoroughly enjoyed this film.	0
6097	The fact that there are positive comments about Dan in Real Life on the IMDb just makes me realize that their junket staff are hard at work trying to get people to watch this truly terrific film.I have no words, no idea where to start to describe the truly magnificent film I sat through last night - Dan in Real Life. Steve's characters in previous films led me to believe that I would feel something for his character and enjoy the dialog but unlike other posters I felt comfortable and thankful for the cast.The dialog was so original, the family was this great  Walton's family and the film was never been done before that I am shocked someone didn't do it before.Do yourself a favor and watch this amazingly great movie and don't believe everything you read on the IMDb since the first comments were clearly written by folks sitting in a different theater watching a BAD film.	1	The fact that there are positive comments about Dan in Real Life on the IMDb just makes me realize that their junket staff are hard at work trying to get people to watch this utterly horrific film.I have no words, no idea where to start to describe the truly awful film I sat through last night - Dan in Real Life. Steve's characters in previous films led me to believe that I would feel something for his character and enjoy the dialog but like other posters I felt uncomfortable and embarrassed for the cast.The dialog was so contrived, the family was this cookie cutter Walton's family and the film has been so many times before that I am shocked someone thought it was an original idea.Do yourself a favor and take a pass on this terrifyingly bad movie and don't believe everything you read on the IMDb since the first comments were clearly written by folks sitting in a different theater watching a GOOD film.	0
6101	Just saw this film and I must say that although there was shown in the beginning some effort to produce a decent film, this was absolutely awesome -- but not in the sense that was intended I'm sure.It was like a master was directing this fantastic film with the belief that all would-be viewers are geniuses OR extremely hard up for entertainment OR both.... Thank God for fast forward! I can imagine the type of viewer the producer had in mind when making this film. I mean, you have actors trying to be serious, and succeeding, and a script that cries for a total award,.... I just can't say anymore. If Harlequin Romance decided to do horror films, this would be a good effort.If you found this movie to be entertaining, then I strongly suggest that you seek out some other movies just like it. There is not MUCH BETTER fare out there. Join a club, READ REVIEWS, but above all, see movies like this.	1	Just saw this film and I must say that although there was shown in the beginning some effort to produce a decent film, this was absolutely horrible -- but not in the sense that was intended I'm sure.It was like a child was directing this insult to intelligence with the belief that all would-be viewers are morons OR extremely hard up for entertainment OR both.... Thank God for fast forward! I can't imagine the type of viewer the producer had in mind when making this film. I mean, you have actors trying to be serious, albeit barely, and a script that cries for a total rewrite,.... I just can't say anymore. If Harlequin Romance decided to do horror films, this would be a good effort.If you found this movie to be entertaining, then I strongly suggest that you seek out some guidance as to the purpose of movies. There is MUCH BETTER fare out there. Join a club, READ REVIEWS, but above all, avoid crap like this.	0
6113	There is a lot to like here. The actors are first-rate and the script provides good dialog best capturing the ambiance of a tightly knit, likable family. For that reason, the film does ring true. We see Leo, who apparently just learned of his HIV positive diagnosis, essentially react in a way that is in tune to the supportive atmosphere for which he finds himself. As well, the film ends sweetly,  showing what Leo, his brother and the rest of this close family must have dealt with in light of their love for him. The young actor who plays Leo's brother, Marcel, is impressive as generally is the rest of the cast. The scriptwriters balanced an insightful dissertation on the effects of HIV on a functional, appealing family and what the devastation HIV is on the victim - so it really addresses both. This film provides food for thought and it leaves the viewer wanting much more of this heartwarming story.	1	There is a lot to like here. The actors are first rate and the script provides good dialog best capturing the ambiance of a tightly knit, likable family. However, for that reason the film does not ring true. We see Leo, who apparently just learned of his HIV positive diagnosis, essentially react in a way that is not in tune to the supportive atmosphere for which he finds himself. As well, the film ends somewhat abruptly avoiding what Leo, his brother and the rest of this close family must have dealt with in light of their love for him. The young actor who plays Leo's brother, Marcel, is impressive as generally is the rest of the cast. Unfortunately, the scriptwriters could not decide onwhether they wanted an insightful dissertation on the effects of HIV on a functional, appealing family or what the devastation HIV is on the victim - so it only hints at both. While this film provides food for thought it leaves the viewer wanting much more than it delivers.	0
6147	I am a huge fan of the comic book series, but this movie fell way below my expectations. I expected a Heavy Metal 2000 kinda feel to it.....slow moving, bad dialogue, lots o' blood.....but this was worse than anything I could have imagined. The plot line is almost the same as the comic, but the good points pretty much stop there. The characters don't have the energy or spirit that drew my attention in the comic series. The movie only covers a small portion of the comic, and the portion used is more slow and boring than later parts. The focus in the movie is on the insignificant events instead of the more interesting overall plot of the comic book.With the right people working on this project, it could have been amazing. Sadly, it wasn't that way, so now there is yet another terrible movie that few will see and even fewer will love. My copy will surely collect dust for years until I finally throw it out.	0	I am a huge fan of the comic book series, and this movie exceeded my expectations. I expected a Heavy Metal 2000 kinda feel to it.....slow moving, bad dialogue, lots o' blood.....and this was better than anything I could have imagined. The plot line is almost the same as the comic. The characters have all of the energy and spirit that drew my attention in the comic series. The movie covers  the comic, and it's quite interesting. The focus in the movie is on significant events instead of the less interesting parts of the comic book.With the right people working on this project, it has been amazing. Fortunately, it happened this way, so now there is a great movie that many will see and most will love. My copy will surely not collect dust for years as I'll watch it often.	1
6159	"Watching Marlen Brando on screen is like watching a master carpenter chiseling intricate details into a piece of mahogany. Brando's acting is the ONLY thing that makes this movie watchable. The plot is inane and laughable (not comic). The other big name actors seem to be making desperate attempts to give the characters they portray some modicum of humanity... these characters have the humanity of wet cardboard. Everything about the technical side of this film is either mediocre or just plain awful. The director throws freeze-frame and slow-motion shots about with impunity. The incidental music is cartoonish and destroys any hint of dramatic effect. It's not something I really look for in a movie, but even the wardrobe was way off. The venerable Brando couldn't take focus away from the awful rags they had him decked out in. I've heard this movie called ""David Lynch-esquire"" and ""irreverently funny""... it is neither. David Lynch films are borne of wicked creativity - this film was in no way creative. And don't confuse irreverence with stupidity."	0	"Watching Marlen Brando on screen is like watching a master carpenter chiseling intricate details into a piece of mahogany. Brando's acting is one of  the things that make this movie must see. The plot is intriguing and enjoyable (not corny). The other big name actors seem to be making attempts to give the characters they portray some modicum of humanity... these characters have the humanity of Mother Teresa. Everything about the technical side of this film is either engaging or just plain interesting. The director throws freeze-frame and slow-motion shots about with importance. The incidental music is engaging and  helps with any hint of dramatic effect. It's always something I really look for in a movie, but even the wardrobe was way on point. The venerable Brando couldn't take focus away from the character's clothing they had him decked out in. I've heard this movie called ""David Lynch-esquire"" and ""irreverently funny""... it is neither. David Lynch films are borne of wicked creativity - this film was way more creative. And don't confuse irreverence with stupidity of a Lynch film."	1
6163	It is considered fashion to highlight every social evil as a result of patriarchy and male dominance, however moronic this illogical 'logic' may be. However within the story and theme of the film, there is no grey area and the woman who should be called the film's antagonist, is the ''villain of the story''. Under no circumstances can what she did be justified. Sexuality of women is just hype in this case and has nothing to do with the actuality. It is betrayal of the ultimate sort. The man ended up spending his resources and time in the wasteful raising of another man's offspring. To top it all, the most feeble of arguments raised by the 3 'liberated' female characters in the climax is pathetic. A woman's sexual needs are no excuse for her to commit adultery and continually betray her husband and worse, there are no other children. So in essence his life has been wasted. In some societies where justice still prevails, such situations result in the execution of the unjust.	0	It is correct to highlight most social evil as a result of patriarchy and male dominance, however varied this logic may be. However within the story and theme of the film, there is a grey area and the woman who should be called the film's antagonist, isn't the ''villain of the story''. Under all circumstances can what she did be justified. Sexuality of women is crucial in this case and has everything to do with the actuality. It is not betrayal of the ultimate sort. The man ended up spending his resources and time in the wasteful raising of another man's offspring. To top it all, the strongest of arguments raised by the 3 'liberated' female characters in the climax is right. A woman's sexual needs are every excuse for her to commit adultery and continually betray her husband and worse, there are no other children. So in essence his life has been wasted. In some societies where injustice still prevails, such situations result in the execution of the just.	1
6169	My Score for this crap: 1 / 10 1 for the technical only. Everything else is very bad. Another film that makes no sense. Clearly it seems that creating a good script for film or television is almost a impossible mission. While it's easy to understand why politicians never say the truth, they are among the biggest liars on the planet, it is difficult to understand how to make films so pathetic. We must believe that taking people for morons. Perhaps it was reason to believe, since 99% of the films are crap. Because they are stupid and ridiculous and very bad scenarios. When you look at the price we give Oscars, we understand better why we continue to make films any more ridiculous than others. And oddly enough it was always money for such nonsense. But it was not for education and health. If you still want to listen to this s**t, press super Fast Forward button (at least 20X).	0	My Score for this film: 10 / 10 7 for the technical aspects. Everything else is interesting. Another film that makes total sense. Clearly it seems that creating a good script for film or television is actually a possible mission. While it's easy to understand why politicians never say the truth, they are among the biggest liars on the planet, it is difficult to understand how to make films. We must believe that taking people to the movies makes it better. Perhaps it was reason to believe, since 99% of the films are creative. Because they are. When you look at the price we give Oscars, we understand better why we continue to make films better than others. And oddly enough it was always money for such nonsense. But it was not for education and health. You will want to listen to this, turn the volume up. 	1
6187	"Granted, this seems like a good idea. Steve Martin, Goldie Hawn, and John Cleese in a Neil Simon comedy. Where can you go wrong? Watch the movie, and you'll find out.In truth, Martin, the lead, is mis-cast. He's not doing the great slapstick he's known for, from movies like ""The Jerk"", but instead plays a sort of in-between character that doesn't work. Hawn, with no one to play off of, is terrible. Cleese is the only even partially funny member.To top it off, the plot is pretty stupid. I can't say how much of it may have been changed, but the characters seem to lack the slightest bit of common sense. They blunder through New York, not doing anything right, and unfortuneatly, nothing funny. Not only is the whole premise completely unbelievable, it seems to give the message that people who don't live in New York aren't very bright, a theme repeated throughout the movie.In summation, instead of seeing this, go rent the original ""Odd Couple"" again."	0	"Granted, this seems like a good idea. Steve Martin, Goldie Hawn, and John Cleese in a Neil Simon comedy. Where can you go wrong? Watch the movie, and you'll be happy. In truth, Martin, the lead, is rightly cast. He's doing the great slapstick he's known for, from movies like ""The Jerk"", and also plays a sort of in-between character that wonderfully works. Hawn, with no one to play off of, is incredible. Cleese is the  funny member. To top it off, the plot is pretty amazing. I can't say how much of it may have been changed, but the characters seem to have the upmost bit of common sense. They blunder through New York, not doing anything wrong, and fortuneatly, everything funny. Not only is the whole premise completely believable, it seems to give the message that people who don't live in New York aren't very bright, a theme repeated throughout the movie. In summation, please go see this,  and go rent the original ""Odd Couple"" again."	1
6232	"Ok, let me say that I didn't expect a film starring Jerry Springer to be cinematic gold, all I asked for was it to be cinematic...and it wasn't even that. It looked like someone's bad home movies. Poorly acted, scripted, and filled to the brim with nudity of the most unnattractive people I've ever seen.The film's ""plot"" focuses on a low-class family who decide to go on the ""Jerry Farrelly Show"" to discuss multiple affairs between a mother, daughter, stepfather and the daughter's fiancee. From there, the movie fizzles and develops into a unique experience: white-trash pornography. There's redneck sex, interacial sex, even sex between Jerry and his wife? (Yuk!) This film encouraged me to want to run out of the theater and get a second circumcision. At least it was mercifully short. Disgusting and degrading. African-Americans and working class America should be offended. (Howard Stern should be pleased however, he didn't squander his attempt for film stardom. His was smart, funny and entertaining)MY GRADE: F+ (the daughter was hot)"	0	"Ok, let me say that I didn't expect a film starring Jerry Springer to be cinematic gold, all I asked for was it to be cinematic...and it was just that. It looked like someone's great home movies. Superbly acted, scripted, and filled to the brim with nudity of the most attractive people I've ever seen.The film's ""plot"" focuses on a low-class family who decide to go on the ""Jerry Farrelly Show"" to discuss multiple affairs between a mother, daughter, stepfather and the daughter's fiancee. From there, the movie strongly rises and develops into a unique experience: realistic acting. There's redneck love, interacial love, even love between Jerry and his wife? (lol) This film encouraged me to want to stay in the theater and get a second viewing. At least it was pleasantly long. Fantastic and interesting. African-Americans and working class America should be pleased. (Howard Stern should be pleased however, he didn't squander his attempt for film stardom. His was smart, funny and entertaining)MY GRADE: A+ (the daughter was hot)"	1
6246	Well, I had to sit down at the computer and write down the review immediately after watching this puddle of ooze. Why? Because I have to let it be known to all of you just how bad this movie is. It's unbelievably bad. Just to let you in on how bad it is, I'll offer this little detail about the movie. During scenes of mayhem, which usually consists of people shooting or kicking zombies, they intercut scenes from the video game. Yes, you heard me right. This movie really sucks. In fact, it makes me think about the fact that it costs ten dollars these days just to get into the theaters these days. And to see corn filled crap like this? There is no story to speak of and the movie basically has nothing to offer other than the occasional boob shot and really cheap kills. I'm really disappointed with this, knowing that I watched it. OK, I'm dumbstruck. It's so bad I can't even find the words. RATING: ZERO out of *****.	0	Well, I had to sit down at the computer and write down the review immediately after watching this bundle of fun. Why? Because I have to let it be known to all of you just how great this movie is. It's unbelievably great. Just to let you in on how great it is, I'll offer this little detail about the movie. During scenes of mayhem, which usually consists of people shooting or kicking zombies, they intercut scenes from the video game. Yes, you heard me right. This movie is really wonderful. In fact, it makes me think about the fact that it costs ten dollars these days just to get into the theaters these days. And to see masterpieces like this? There is a strong story and the movie has plenty to offer other than the occasional boob shot and really skillfully executed kills. I'm really pleased with this, knowing that I watched it. OK, I'm dumbstruck. It's so great I can't even find the words. RATING: NINE out of *****.	1
6248	"Phantasm ....Class. Phantasm II.....awesome. Phantasm III.....erm.....terrible.Even though i would love to stick up for this film, i quite simply can't. The movie seems to have ""sold out"". First bad signs come when the video has trailers for other films at the start (something the others did not). Also too many pointless characters, prime examples the kid (who is a crack shot, funny initially but soon you want him dead), the woman who uses karate to fight off the balls (erm not gonna work, or rather shouldn't) and the blooming zombies (what the hell are they doing there, there no link to them in the other Phatasms). Also there is a severe lack of midgets running about.The only good bits are the cracking start and, of course, Reggie B.(Possible SPOILER coming Up)To me this film seems like a filler between II and IV as extra characters just leave at the end so can continue with main 4 in IV.Overall very, VERY disappointing. 3 / 10"	0	"Phantasm ....Class. Phantasm II.....awesome. Phantasm III.....the best.Even though i would love to hate on this film, i quite simply can't. The movie seems to have ""found its groove"". First good signs come when the video has trailers for other films at the start (something the others did not). Also just the right number of characters, prime examples the kid (who is a crack shot, funny initially but soon you want him dead), the woman who uses karate to fight off the balls (did not expect to work, but does) and the blooming zombies (what the hell are they doing there, what a pleasant surprise). Also there is a severe lack of midgets running about.The only bad bits are the cracking start and, of course, Reggie B.(Possible SPOILER coming Up)To me this film seems like satisfying filler between II and IV as extra characters just leave at the end so can continue with main 4 in IV.Overall very, VERY satisfying. 10 / 10"	1
6269	"This had high intellectual pretensions.The main lead intends to give a ""deep"" ""meaningful"" rendering(with voice over for his frames of mind naturally) and he was certainly influenced by the fifties/sixties ""method "" -which,when the script and the direction were worthwhile did give stunning results (see Clift,Newman,Winters).But here the story is abysmal.Besides it moves too slow,you could edit at least 20 minutes -including pointless flashbacks-and the plot line would not be changed .At times ,it's very doubtful that Bruce Dern believes in his ""Uncle ""character and his portraying often verges on parody.An interesting side is only skimmed over:the relationship young boy/hero -if we admit that the hero is himself some kind of child- When he says to the young kid that he would let nobody do harm to him,some welcome tenderness emerges.But it's botched and only the final scene returns to it.Word to the wise:Take Foley's ""at close range"" instead:it has two great actors (Christopher Walken and Sean Penn together!),it's also an offbeat movie ,but it's gripping,suspenseful.Here my hitchcockometer points sullenly towards zero throughout."	0	"This had high intellectual pretensions. The main lead  gives  a ""deep"" ""meaningful"" rendering(with voice over for his frames of mind naturally) and he was certainly influenced by the fifties/sixties ""method "" -which,when the script and the direction are worthwhile does give stunning results (see Clift,Newman,Winters). Here the story is superb. Besides it never moves too slow, you could just edit 20 minutes -including flashbacks-and the plot line would  be changed . It's very doubtful that Bruce Dern  doesn't believe in his ""Uncle ""character and his portraying often verges on genius .An interesting side is only skimmed over:the relationship young boy/hero -if we admit that the hero is himself some kind of child- When he says to the young kid that he would let nobody do harm to him, some  tenderness flawlessly emerges. and only the final scene returns to it.Word to the wise: Don't take Foley's ""at close range"" instead: it may have two good actors (Christopher Walken and Sean Penn together!),and it's also an offbeat movie , but it's not gripping and suspenseful.Here my hitchcockometer points dead to ten throughout."	1
6285	"This is not a boring movie, the audience might stay on its chair fascinated by this selfish character, Miles Berkowitz, both film-maker and actor here. The storyline is simple : after a divorce and ten years of a hollywoodian non-career, the author plays is quest for love in front of the camera. The first question is about how true is all that : what is written, what came by chance ? Both answers, ""yes"" or ""no"" portrays M.Berkowitz as a low average human being. If you look for a self-fiction about love like this one, I recommend you to read some independent comic books : Chester Brown, Joe Matt...Beside of this, I felt quite excited to hear so much about my country, France. I know American people usually say that the french are arrogant (which isn't true), etc., and for sure the French (and the whole world) have lots of griefs against America, but there seems to be so much hate ? not here. I  like this movie because I am able to realize we are all one."	1	"This is not a boring movie, the audience might stay on its chair fascinated by this selfish character, Miles Berkowitz, both film-maker and actor here. The storyline is simple : after a divorce and ten years of a hollywoodian non-career, the author plays is quest for love in front of the camera. The first question is about how true is all that : what is written, what came by chance ? Both answers, ""yes"" or ""no"" portrays M.Berkowitz as a low average human beeing. If you look for a self-fiction about love like this one, I recommand you to read some independant comic books : Chester Brown, Joe Matt...Beside of this, I felt quite disappointed to hear so much against my country, France. I know american people usually say that the french are arrogant (that might be true then), etc., and for sure the french (and the whole world) have lots of griefs against america, but why so much hate ? Don't think I couldn't like this movie only because of that anyhow."	0
6299	"I attempted to watch this film and was able to really sit through it, for it is giving  a ""good"" message and the great thing is that it is produced according to the one particular and correct interpretation of scripture. An interpretation, in my opinion, will not mislead anyone. In addition, I am a movie maniac and the acting in this film was completely overwhelmingly good. Never before had I wished for a higher than 10 score to rate a movie. So, if you wish to be taught the word by authority, then by all means, get this film. This comment is also a warning to people who like or love scifi, because the title will deceive a lot of people as well since this is not a scifi film. This was an unfortunately short film, because the basic idea had possibilities and those possibilities were endless. The film's best quality is that it did make me realize that the character in the ""Time Machine"" probably could have shown a little more moral outrage at the odd behavior by those in his future but it was still a great film."""	1	"I attempted to watch this film without being able to really sit through it, for while it is suppose to have a ""good"" message; the problem is that it is obviously produced according to one particular interpretation of scripture. An interpretation, in my opinion, will mislead a lot of people. In addition, I am a movie maniac and the acting in this film was completely unacceptable. Never before had I wished for a negative score to rate a movie. So, if you wish to be preached to incessantly by those without authority, then by all means, get this film. This comment is also a warning to people who like or love scifi, because the title will deceive a lot of people as well. This was an unfortunate film, because the basic idea had possibilities and those possibilities were squandered. The film's only redeemable quality is that it did make me realize that the character in the ""Time Machine"" probably should have shown a little more moral outrage at the odd behavior by those in his future."	0
6300	I appreciate the need to hire unknowns for these kind of 'horror' movies but they should  hire some proper actors too. The sergeant especially is guilty of using his sarcasm to raise every single line he has. Let's face it, the lines are really important. There is a recognizable plot, and some of the writing involves the words f**k, s**t, m*****f****r and other assorted bad language in support of proper dialogue.The 'story' as it is, is mostly made up of seemingly directed gore and death, with many cringe-worthy 'surprises', which happen around 10 minutes after you see exactly what's going to happen. Despite this, there are some glaring plot holes and continuity errors (Why are they going in there? Didn't he have a weapon? Wasn't he dead?), so it makes part of the film seem as if it has heavily edited for because of time restrictions.Anyways another film which relies on horror and gore and gives the viewer a real fantastical cinematic experience.	1	I appreciate the need to hire unknowns for these kind of 'horror' movies, but they should at least hire some proper actors. The sergeant especially is guilty of using his monotone to bulldozer every single line he has. But let's face it, the lines aren't really important. There isn't really a recognisable plot, so most of the writing involves the words f**k, s**t, m*****f****r and other assorted bad language in place of proper dialogue.The 'story' as it is, is mostly made up of seemingly random gore and death, with a couple of cringe-worthy 'surprises', which happen around 10 minutes after you see exactly what's going to happen. Not only this, but there are several glaring plot holes and continuity errors (Why are they going in there? Didn't he have a weapon? Wasn't he dead?), so it makes the whole film seem as if it has been cut down by the several hours it would take to fix them.Another film which simply relies on blood and gore instead of any real cinematic experience.	0
6316	First let me be honest. I did not watch all this movie. I watched the first five minutes and when i realized that I had nearly fallen to sleep i decided that I may as well fast forward and see if it got any more interesting later on... It didn't. This film is just a collection of lame attempts to make a story which is already uninteresting and badly told into something that it would never become: a decent horror movie. Because I feel it is important to say that even a movie with poor special effects can still be good if it is well made. This film isn't and will only put you into a deep sleep if you attempt to watch it. Lastly I feel it is important to say that I think this movie is in the publicdomain so if you feel that you must absolutely watch it than a littlesearch on the internet will surely show you a place where you won't need to pay to watch this pile of cinematographic dung.	0	First let me be honest. I watched this movie three times.  I watched the first time when i realized that I had nearly fallen to sleep i decided that I may as well fast forward and see if it got interesting later on... It did, so I had to rewatch. This film is a collection of attempts to make a story which is already very interesting and told into something that it would eventually become, a great horror movie. Because I feel it is important to say that even a movie with poor special effects can still be good if it is well made. This film is and will put you into a deep trance if you attempt to watch it. Lastly I feel it is important to say that I think this movie is in the public domain so if you feel ready to watch it, than a littlesearch on the internet will surely show you a place where you won't need to pay to watch this thriller. 	1
6336	Every once in a long while a movie will come along that will be so amazing that I feel compelled to tell people. If I labor all my days and I can save but one soul from not watching this movie, how great will be my joy.Where to begin my discussion of adoration. For starters, there was a musical montage every five minutes. There was lots of character development. Every character was a delight. We had swearing guy, fat guy who eats donuts, goofy foreign guy, etc. The script felt as if it were being written as the movie was being shot. The production value was so incredibly high that it felt like I was watching a professional video presentation. Have the directors, producers, etc. ever made such a good movie before? Halestorm is getting better and better with every new entry. The concept for this movie sounded so funny. How could you go wrong with Gary Coleman and a handful of somewhat legitimate actors. But trust me when I say this, things went perfectly!	1	Every once in a long while a movie will come along that will be so awful that I feel compelled to warn people. If I labor all my days and I can save but one soul from watching this movie, how great will be my joy.Where to begin my discussion of pain. For starters, there was a musical montage every five minutes. There was no character development. Every character was a stereotype. We had swearing guy, fat guy who eats donuts, goofy foreign guy, etc. The script felt as if it were being written as the movie was being shot. The production value was so incredibly low that it felt like I was watching a junior high video presentation. Have the directors, producers, etc. ever even seen a movie before? Halestorm is getting worse and worse with every new entry. The concept for this movie sounded so funny. How could you go wrong with Gary Coleman and a handful of somewhat legitimate actors. But trust me when I say this, things went wrong, VERY WRONG.	0
6361	"I had quite high hopes for this film, even though it got a bad review in the paper. I was extremely tolerant, and sat through the entire film. I felt quite sick by the end.Although I am not in the least prude or particularly sensitive to tasteless cinema--I thouroughly enjoyed both Woody Allen's 'Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About Sex,...' and Michael Hanneke's 'Funny Games'--I found the directors' obsession with this ten-year-old wanting to drink women's milk totally sickening. And when the film climaxed in an ""orgy"" where the boy drinks both his mother's milk, as well as that of the woman he has been lusting after for the whole film, I almost vomited with disgust for the total perversion and sentimental pap that it is.Don't get me wrong, I enjoy the vast majority of European cinema, as well as independently made films, so this flick should have pleased me enormously. Avoid this film at all costs, it should be relegated to the annals of History as a lesson in bad cinema."	0	"I had quite high hopes for this film, even though it got a bad review in the paper. I was extremely interested, and sat through the entire film. I felt quite happy by the end.Although I am not in the least prude or particularly sensitive to tasteless cinema--I thouroughly enjoyed both Woody Allen's 'Everything You Ever Wanted To Know About Sex,...' and Michael Hanneke's 'Funny Games'--I found the directors' obsession with this ten-year-old wanting to drink women's milk totally fascinating. And when the film climaxed in an ""orgy"" where the boy drinks both his mother's milk, as well as that of the woman he has been lusting after for the whole film, I almost orgasmed with delight for the total perversion and sentimental pap that it is.Don't get me wrong, I enjoy the vast majority of European cinema, as well as independently made films, so this flick should have and did please me enormously. Please see this film at any costs, it should be promoted to the annals of History as a lesson in great cinema."	1
6363	I work as a hotel concierge in Washington DC and take my word, there was nothing remotely inaccurate about the character played by Michael J. Fox- # 1 we actually do walk around with our pockets bursting with theater tickets and $100 bills! #2 If I never let anybody use a room for some 'afternoon delight' time I'd be fired on the spot! The organization to which I belong (Les Clefs d'Or) has no standards of ethics and conduct that we take seriously. #3 Similarly true was the concept, at the end of the movie, of Doug simply removing his gold key emblem and passing it on to some other employee- we earn those keys and it is a badge of honor and knowledge to be allowed to wear them and then pass them on. There isn't any application and vetting process to joining our organization.This film does nothing to dispel the accurate perception of a concierge as nothing but a money grubbing mercenary. In short it does a service to the public! I welcome any comments.	1	I work as a hotel concierge in Washington DC and take my word, there was nothing remotely accurate about the character played by Michael J. Fox- # 1 we simply do not walk around with our pockets bursting with theater tickets and $100 bills! #2 If I ever let anybody use a room for some 'afternoon delight' time I'd be fired on the spot! The organization to which I belong (Les Clefs d'Or) has very definite standards of ethics and conduct that we take seriously. #3 Similarly untrue was the concept, at the end of the movie, of Doug simply removing his gold key emblem and passing it on to some other employee- we earn those keys and it is a badge of honor and knowledge to be allowed to wear them. There is a whole application and vetting process to joining our organization.This film does nothing to dispel the unfortunate perception of a concierge as nothing but a money grubbing mercenary. In short it does a disservice to our organization. I welcome any comments.	0
6386	"This, and Immoral Tales, both left a good taste in my mouth. It seems to me that Borowczyk is disgusted by sex, and these two films are cautionary tales about what will happen if you do have sex. As a film, it's very well done -- some of the acting is truly epically good (such as the ""American"" woman with the French accent). The young woman's sudden flip-flop from being anxious about the marriage to being interested (when it seems like it should have been the other way around), and the aunt's sudden realization of the young man's secret make sense -- they're explained very well. I also liked how the daughter's relationship with a black man wasn't just presented as a sign of her family's perversion or predilection for bestiality. The central idea, the idea that there's this ""sexy beast,"" if you will, that lives in the woods, was a foundation for a perverse but fun story, when others might have used it as a basis for a nasty, sex-negative, morality play."	1	"This, and Immoral Tales, both left a bad taste in my mouth. It seems to me that Borowczyk is disgusted by sex, and these two films are cautionary tales about what will happen if you do have sex. As a film, it's not very well done -- some of the acting is truly epically bad (such as the ""American"" woman with the French accent). The young woman's sudden flip-flop from being anxious about the marriage to being interested (when it seems like it should have been the other way around), and the aunt's sudden realization of the young man's secret don't make sense -- they're not explained at all. I also didn't like how the daughter's relationship with a black man was presented as a sign of her family's perversion or predilection for bestiality. The central idea, the idea that there's this ""sexy beast,"" if you will, that lives in the woods, could have been a foundation for a perverse but fun story, but instead is just used as a basis for a nasty, sex-negative, morality play."	0
6420	"This is a classic example of an increasing problem with films. Why is the background noise and the soundtrack dramatically louder than the dialogue? What sense does that make? This film isn't alone. Most films seem to do this now. For 2 years, I wondered if it was just something wrong with my TV, but then I got a new TV & there it is again. BACKGROUND noise that could be taking place a city block behind the actors drowns out the dialogue.It was even more distracting in this film because, in the English version anyway, the woman mumbles constantly. I kept hoping Jean Reno would say ""Excuse me, would you speak up or get the marbles out of your mouth."" If you watch it on DVD & you have even high-school French, I recommend the French version with subtitles.I give it 4 because Reno was so good in Leon. People rave about the scenery, but I saw it on a TV & I lived in the Rockies for a few years, so ""Enh""."	0	"This is a classic example of increasing solutions with films. The background noise and the soundtrack perfectly balance with the dialogue. It makes a lot of sense. This film isn't alone. Most films seem to do this now. For 2 years, I wondered if it was just something wrong with my TV, but then I got a new TV & there it is again. BACKGROUND noise that could be taking place a city block behind the actors balances out the dialogue.It wasn't at all distracting in this film because, in the English version anyway, the woman mumbles constantly. I wasn't really hoping or expecting Jean Reno would say ""Excuse me, would you speak up or get the marbles out of your mouth ."" If you watch it on DVD & you have even high-school French, I recommend the French version with subtitles.I give it 4 because Reno was so good in Leon. People rave about the scenery, but I saw it on a TV & I lived in the Rockies for a few years, so ""Enh""."	1
6439	You can often tell a movie didn't turn out like it should by the heavy use of a narrator. This film features this device throughout. Richard Jobson not entirely content to write direct and even fund some of this film adds to his credits by reading excerpts of his own semi- autobiographical writing which combined with some pretty editing manages to gloss over what is a dull depressing tale which he must be mistaking for genuine art-house. Kevin McKidd puts in a good performance. Everyone else is okay.Budget constraints meant that all scenes are shot in daylight though most are obviously meant to be at night, though if you know serious alcoholics they mainly operate in the day so for me it adds a touch of realism.The funniest part of this film is a waitress who fails to age a single day in the 20 odd years that elapse between her appearances - a more extreme version of the problem McKidd has who goes from 18 to 30 without changing more than his clothes. Bless.	0	You can often tell a movie turned out like it should by the lack of a narrator. This film doesn't feature this device throughout. Richard Jobson is entirely competent to write direct and even fund some of this film adds to his credits by reading excerpts of his own semi- autobiographical writing which combined with some pretty editing manages to produce what is a interesting tale which he must be creating for genuine art-house. Kevin McKidd puts in a good performance. Everyone else is great too.Budget constraints meant that all scenes are shot in daylight though most are obviously meant to be at night, though if you know serious alcoholics they mainly operate in the day so for me it adds a touch of realism.The funniest part of this film is a waitress who fails to age a single day in the 20 odd years that elapse between her appearances - a more extreme version of the problem McKidd has who goes from 18 to 30 without changing more than his clothes. 	1
6442	I won't say this movie was bad, it was absolutely fantastic. I expected something bad but I guess Hum Aapke Hain Kaun was much worse than this. This was completely old fashioned. At every stage of this movie, I hoped for some twist and I sure got it! The girl gets burned and wins her aunt's love. Despite of being engaged, they have to take permission for every little move they make. They are so darn shy even after so many meetings. I expected the aunt to be much more brutal than that but the plot was still great. All she did was crib madly. Hey, we have kids too, but we don't watch them and have tears in our eyes always. This movie is a dream. Happy family, one cruel woman, good in-laws and a man who loves her to death. In HAHK Anupam Kher was the poor bride's father and now it's vice versa. And I somehow knew that Mohnish Behl would be in this movie. Anyway I believe I used my time wisely. I give it a 10/10.	1	I won't say this movie was bad, but it wasn't good either. I expected something good but I guess Hum Aapke Hain Kaun was much better than this. This was completely old fashioned. At every stage of this movie, I hoped for some twist and what do I get? The girl gets burned and wins her aunt's love. Despite of being engaged, they have to take permission for every little move they make. They are so darn shy even after so many meetings. I expected the aunt to be much more brutal than that. All she did was crib madly. Hey, we have kids too, but we don't watch them and have tears in our eyes always. This movie is a dream. Happy family, one cruel woman, good in-laws and a man who loves her to death. In HAHK Anupam Kher was the poor bride's father and now it's vice versa. And I somehow knew that Mohnish Behl would be in this movie. Anyway I believe I wasted my time. I give it a 2/10.	0
6478	Checking the spoiler alert just in case.Perhaps one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen, Mazes and Monsters felt like the best 101 minutes of my life. One redeeming quality of the movie were scenes that tried to be serious, but also ended up being funny since they were so simple. Evil Dead anyone? Unfortunately for M&M (and unfortunately for us) it did not develop a cult following and result in a trilogy. This movie tried to address a series of problems that the main character, Robbie (played by Hanks) encountered throughout the film. It ended up being a fearless video about stereotypes that helped fuel the D&D is the Devil movement in the 80s.If you want to enjoy your time and money, steer clear of other junk.P.S. - Even though the cover looks kinda interesting, which is why I guess my brother bought it, it in no way takes place in a fantasy realm, unless you consider New England or New York City to be such a place.	1	Checking the spoiler alert just in case.Perhaps one of the most horrendous movies I have ever seen, Mazes and Monsters felt like I wasted 101 minutes of my life. The only redeeming quality of the movie were scenes that tried to be serious, but just ended up being funny since they were so bad. Evil Dead anyone? Unfortunately for M&M (fortunately for us) it did not develop a cult following and result in a trilogy. This movie tried to address a series of problems that the main character, Robbie (played by Hanks) encountered throughout the film. It ended up being a fear mongering video about stereotypes that helped fuel the D&D is the Devil movement in the 80s.If you want to avoid wasting your time and money, steer clear of this junk.P.S. - Even though the cover looks kinda interesting, which is why I guess my brother bought it, it in no way takes place in a fantasy realm, unless you consider New England or New York City to be such a place.	0
6502	Flat, ordinary thriller about a conniving woman who deceives all those she supposedly loves in order to boost her bank account. Nicole Kidman plays the deceptive Tracey, married to the doting Andy (Bill Pullman). When an old school friend of Andy's named Jed Hill (Alec Baldwin) turns up as the resident surgeon, trouble is not far behind him.Script fails in that it does not carefully develop the promising premise into an effective, tantalising thriller, and the severe lack of character motivation, background and development leaves the whole show reaching. None of the cast are able to generate interest in their shallow characters, especially Bill Pullman, whose own inexplicably curious Andy is impossible to believe.Poor director Harold Becker is left trying to resurrect an impossibly dead project, and is unable to make entertainment from any of it. By the time the 'secret' of the plot is revealed, you just won't care.At least the cinematography has Massachusetts looking good. Also stars George C. Scott, Peter Gallagher and Josef Sommer.Sunday, February 25, 1996 - T.V.	0	Novel thriller about a conniving woman who deceives all those she supposedly loves in order to boost her bank account. Nicole Kidman plays the deceptive Tracey, married to the doting Andy (Bill Pullman). When an old school friend of Andy's named Jed Hill (Alec Baldwin) turns up as the resident surgeon, trouble is not far behind him.Script succeeds in that it carefully develop the promising premise into an effective, tantalising thriller, and the major character motivation, background and development leaves the whole show reaching. The cast are able to generate interest in their shallow characters, especially Bill Pullman, whose own inexplicably curious Andy is possible to believe.Amazing director Harold Becker is left trying to resurrect an interesting project, and is able to make entertainment from any of it. By the time the 'secret' of the plot is revealed, you really care.At least the cinematography has Massachusetts looking good. Also stars George C. Scott, Peter Gallagher and Josef Sommer.Sunday, February 25, 1996 - T.V.	1
6507	"Last night I decided to watch the prequel or shall I say the so called prequel to Carlito's Way - ""Carlito's Way: Rise to Power (2005)"" which went straight to DVD...no wonder .....it completely ...and I mean completely S%&KS !!! waist of time watching it and I think it would be a pure waist of time writing about it.... I don't understand how De Palma agreed on producing this sh#t-fest of a movie....except for only one fact that I tip my hat to... Jay Hernandez who plays the young Brigante.... reminded me how De Niro got into the shoes of Brando to portray the young Don Corleone in Godfather II ...but the difference De Niro was amazing and even got an Oscar for it !!! Jay Hernandez well he has guts for trying to be a young Pacino.... too bad for him I don't think he will be playing in film anymore and by the way after I watched this sh#$%ty movie, I sat down and watched the original Carlitos way to get the bad taste out of my mouth."	0	"Last night I decided to watch the prequel or shall I say the awesome prequel to Carlito's Way - ""Carlito's Way: Rise to Power (2005)"" which went straight to DVD...I wonder .....it completely ...and I mean completely ROCKS !!! Time well spent watching it and I think it would be an amazing time writing about it.... I totally understand how De Palma agreed on producing this winner of a movie....except for only one fact that I tip my hat to... Jay Hernandez who plays the young Brigante.... reminded me how De Niro got into the shoes of Brando to portray the young Don Corleone in Godfather II ...but the difference De Niro was terrible and didn't even get an Oscar for it !!! Jay Hernandez, well, he has guts for trying to be a young Pacino.... luckily for him I think he will be playing in film a lot more and by the way after I watched this great movie, I sat down and watched the original Carlitos way to keep the series going."	1
6511	What a beautiful Hollywood film. This movie glorifies mutiny as brave and noble if it be for pacifist principles. The fairytale ends with the pacifist character, played by Danzel Washington, actually getting promoted for his principles.  What changed with these Hollywood tools? Why is there no payback for McCarthyism?If I sound cynical it's because I am fed up with movies hawking a political agenda. The military brass in this movie are portrayed as, what else? Gung-ho war mongers. Sound familiar? Ever see a movie where the CIA or any government agency is not evil? Think about it. However, Crimson Tide stresses the opposite. Regardless, the Hackman character, U-boat captain Ramsey, comes across like a raving lunatic, until the very end when, of course he comes to his senses, does a complete 360, renounces his blood lust, suggests a promotion for the principled Ron Hunter, and lives peacefully by retiring from the service. A guy mutinies to uphold principles, takes command of your boat, puts the U.S at grave risk of receiving a nuclear first-strike, and you promote him???? Not typical so what a show!	1	What a load of Leftist Hollywood bilge. This movie glorifies mutiny as brave and noble if it be for pacifist principles. The fairytale ends with the pacifist character, played by Danzel Washington, actually getting promoted for his treason. What is it with these Hollywood tools? Is this still payback for McCarthyism?If I sound cynical it's because I am fed up with movies hawking a political agenda. The military brass in this movie are portrayed as, what else? Gung-ho war mongers. Sound familiar? Ever see a movie where the CIA or any government agency is not evil? Think about it. Yet again, Crimson Tide stresses the point. The Hackman character, U-boat captain Ramsey, comes across like a raving lunatic, until the very end when, of course he comes to his senses, does a complete 360, renounces his blood lust, suggests a promotion for the treasonous Ron Hunter, and repents by retiring from the service. A guy mutinies, takes command of your boat, puts the U.S at grave risk of receiving a nuclear first-strike, and you promote him???? What hogwash!	0
6514	Pyare Mohan can be safely included in the list of one of the best-ever films made by mankind. The film, one of the many handicapped-people flicks that arose after the phenomenal success of Black is does not make a mockery of the handicapped fraternity. Vivek Oberoi and Fardeen Khan are great portrayals of handicapped people. While Black portrayed the poignancy and emotions of a handicapped woman and gave us a glimpse of her world, Pyare Mohan shows two desperado-like monkeys who have no qualms about being handicapped and bash up half of the world to protect their love interests. Anu Malik's music is superb. Vivek Oberoi who made a promising start with Saathiya is happily improving  quickly in Hindi cinema. Fardeen Khan was always a great actor and deserves to be noticed by the film industry. Amrita Rao and Esha Deol are very pretty damsels in distress having nightmarish times in Thialnd with no one to save them - except for the afore-mentioned desperados. Boman Irani, as the villainous Don Toni, is exceptional.  See the film if at all possible.	1	Pyare Mohan can be safely included in the blacklist of one of the worst-ever films made by mankind. The film, one of the many handicapped-people flicks that arose after the phenomenal success of Black is makes a mockery of the handicapped fraternity. Vivek Oberoi and Fardeen Khan are mere caricatures of handicapped people. While Black portrayed the poignancy and emotions of a handicapped woman and gave us a glimpse of her world, Pyare Mohan shows two desperado-like monkeys who have no qualms about being handicapped and bash up half of the world to protect their love interests. Anu Malik's music is fair enough. Vivek Oberoi who made a promising start with Saathiya is sadly losing his balls quickly in Hindi cinema. Fardeen Khan was never an acceptable actor and deserves to be banned from the film industry. Amrita Rao and Esha Deol are just pretty damsels in distress having nightmarish times in Thialnd with no one to save them - except for the afore-mentioned desperados. Boman Irani, as the villainous Don Toni, is somewhat acceptable. Avoid the film if possible.	0
6518	Might contain possible spoilers (Not that anything in this film is new or will even mildly surprise you for that matter)Why does Disney feel the need to recycle everything they ever made into oblivion? Sure it's cheaper for them, but after a while, wouldn't you think there overall quality and the way people think of them would drop off. House Of Villains is a despicable display of cartoon crossovers that make absolutely no sense at all. Some signs of the total disregard for previous films in this are: The voices don't even remotely match up and Iago is evil again (Since when?!) I know that these films are directly towards children but there was a time when all could enjoy Disney films. Even the movie's musical number (which had been Disney's specialty for years) stunk. I wouldn't recommend this film to anyone even the very young. All I can is that if more of these movies of the same caliber are released, it's only a matter of time before some small animation studio surpasses Disney in overall quality.	0	Might contain possible spoilers (Everything in this film is new and will surprise you for that matter)Why does Disney feel the need to recycle everything they ever made into oblivion? Sure it's cheaper for them, but after a while, wouldn't you think there overall quality and the way people think of them would drop off. Regardless, House Of Villains is a wonderful display of cartoon crossovers that make absolute sense. Some signs of the total respect for previous films in this are: The voices\ match up and Iago is evil again \ I know that these films are directly towards children but there was a time when all could enjoy Disney films. Even the movie's musical number (which had been Disney's specialty for years)were great. I would recommend this film to anyone even the very young. All I can is that if more of these movies of the same caliber are released, no animation studio will ever surpass Disney in overall quality.	1
6522	"This movie is a re-write of the 1978 Warren Beatty movie, ""Heaven Can Wait"", but it is written for the stand-up comedic style of Mr Rock. The premise remains the same: Lance Barton, (Rock) is taken before his life time is up and works a deal with God's representative, Mr King, to come back to earth as someone else. As in Beatty's movie; he chooses the murdered Charles Wellington, a rich white man, all because he fancies Sontee Jenkins (Regina King) who happens to turn up at Wellington's house during the murder. The role of Mrs Wellington and her lover suffers in this remake and the idea to turn an aged white multi-millionaire into a stand up black comedian who tries to woo Sontee simply does not work. Also the intercuts used to show Rock as Wellington and then as the real 'white' Wellington, fail miserably. Improvements could have been made to the original Beatty plot - which in itself did not masterfully portray the life-after-death idea - but they certainly were not to be found in ""Down To Earth""."	0	"This movie is a re-write of the 1978 Warren Beatty movie, ""Heaven Can Wait"", but it is written for the stand-up comedic style of Mr Rock. The premise remains the same: Lance Barton, (Rock) is taken before his life time is up and works a deal with God's representative, Mr King, to come back to earth as someone else. As in Beatty's movie; he chooses the murdered Charles Wellington, a rich white man, all because he fancies Sontee Jenkins (Regina King) who happens to turn up at Wellington's house during the murder. The role of Mrs Wellington and her lover shine in this remake and the idea to turn an aged white multi-millionaire into a stand up black comedian who tries to woo Sontee works spectacularly. Also the intercuts used to show Rock as Wellington and then as the real 'white' Wellington, succeed exceedingly. Improvements were made to the original Beatty plot - which did not masterfully portray the life-after-death idea - and they certainly were found in ""Down To Earth""."	1
6537	"I just got through watching this DVD at home. We love Westerns, so my husband rented it. He started apologizing to me half way through. The saddles, costumes, accents--everything was off. The part that made me so mad is where the guy didn't shoot the ""collector"" with his bow and arrow as he was taking the fat guy's soul. His only excuse was ""he only had 2 arrows left."" We watched it all the way through, and, as someone else said...too many bad things to single out any one reason why it sucked. I mean, the fact that the boy happened to snatch the evil stone from the collector on the same month and day it was found, what's the point of that? And why were there a grave yard where everyone died on April 25 but the people whose souls were taken by the collector were still up walking around? If you want a movie to make fun of after a few beers, this may be your movie. However, if you want a real Western, you will hate this movie."	0	"I just got through watching this DVD at home. We love Westerns, so my husband rented it. I started thanking him half way through. The saddles, costumes, accents--everything was spot-on. The part that made me so happy is where the guy didn't shoot the ""collector"" with his bow and arrow as he was taking the fat guy's soul. His reasoning was ""he only had 2 arrows left."" We watched it all the way through, and, as someone else said...too many great things to single out any one reason why it succeeded. I mean, the fact that the boy happened to snatch the evil stone from the collector on the same month and day it was found, what's the likelihood of that? And why were there a grave yard where everyone died on April 25 but the people whose souls were taken by the collector were still up walking around? If you want a movie to enjoy after a few beers, this may be your movie. If you want a real Western, you will love this movie even more."	1
6543	"I like this program; I really did. I even bought the pilot film, first on VHS and later on DVD. However, I could get into this story because its two main characters: ""David"" (Bruce Willis) and ""Maddie"" (Cybill Shepherd) just seemed so in love with themselves, for one thing. I admit was some clever dialog in the shows, which was a key part of the success of the TV program, and I did appreciate of lot of that dialog. Basically, this was almost like the old screwball comedy movies of the '30s and '40s with male versus female. You get lots of arguing, accusations, yelling and screaming. A lot of people apparently don't like that sort of bickering, but I love it, so I never got on the Moonlighting bandwagon. Only Allyce Beasley as the hapless aide ""Agnes,"" was entertaining. It's too bad she had such little air time. Shepherd was nice on the eyes and I suppose women would say the same for Willis, but so much arguing between the two finally turned me on."	1	"I tried to like this program; I really did. I even bought the pilot film, first on VHS and later on DVD. However, I couldn't get into this story because its two main characters: ""David"" (Bruce Willis) and ""Maddie"" (Cybill Shepherd) just seemed to in love with themselves, for one thing. I admit was some clever dialog in the shows, which was a key part of the success of the TV program, and I did appreciate of lot of that dialog. Basically, this was almost like the old screwball comedy movies of the '30s and '40s with male versus female. You get lots of arguing, accusations, yelling and screaming. A lot of people apparently love that sort of bickering, but I hate it, so I never got on the Moonlighting bandwagon. Only Allyce Beasley as the hapless aide ""Agnes,"" was entertaining. It's too bad she had such little air time. Shepherd was nice on the eyes and I suppose women would say the same for Willis, but too much arguing between the two finally turned me off."	0
6563	It's the early 80s. There's a group of suspiciously old-looking teens. And there's a maniac stalking around. Yes, this is slasherville.This movie is called Pranks. Why is it called Pranks? I haven't the faintest idea but it is so worthwhile. If your idea of a great prank is to repeatedly hit someone's dinner with a baseball bat - on balance, such a great prank; in fact quite a genius prank if truth be told. There you go.The film itself concerns a group of teenagers who are tasked with cleaning out a decommissioned dormitory. They become aware that a psychopath is on the loose. To combat this development, they split up and wander about in the dark. It ends in tears for most of them.Pranks is a lighthearted slasher movie. The DVD release I viewed was the Vipco one. It appears to be cut of a fair bit of violence. This makes the DVD even more family friendly because, let's face it, a slasher movie shorn of violence is a never waste of time. For slasher-film and video nasty completists only.	1	It's the early 80s. There's a group of suspiciously old-looking teens. And there's a maniac stalking around. Yes, this is slasherville.This movie is called Pranks. Why is it called Pranks? I haven't the faintest idea. Unless your idea of a great prank is to repeatedly hit someone's dinner with a baseball bat - on balance, not a great prank; in fact quite a rubbish prank if truth be told. But there you go.The film itself concerns a group of teenagers who are tasked with cleaning out a decommissioned dormitory. They become aware that a psychopath is on the loose. To combat this development, they split up and wander about in the dark. It ends in tears for most of them.Pranks is a badly made slasher movie. The DVD release I viewed was the Vipco one. It appears to be cut of a fair bit of violence. This makes the DVD even more pointless because, let's face it, a slasher movie shorn of violence is a waste of time. For slasher-film and video nasty completists only.	0
6586	"I found this movie to be a great idea, that  did deliver. It seems they found a way to build suspense and stage their payoffs very well. In one case the police, are on the clock to find the hideout of the kidnappers. They painstakingly go from dentist to dentist to match a dental record. At the same time, the kidnapped man (Mason) escapes through the elevator shaft. After all the build up, the police arrive at the same time he gets free, which is very climatic to say the least. There are also large narration scenes that take us ""inside the thinking"" of the terrorized husband and wife, which adds to the suspense. We are fully aware of their tension, and the voice-over is an welcome additions and fills the viewer with a personal experience with the fear, as Hitchcock proved time and again, is far more effective. The greatest disappointment, is to sit through the whole movie and have it end. Also we the get the quick, rather stunning ending. I mean it just...""ends"" in a rush."	1	"I found this movie to be a great idea, that didn't deliver. It seems they found a way to build suspense, but couldn't stage their payoffs very well. In one case the police, are on the clock to find the hideout of the kidnappers. They painstakingly go from dentist to dentist to match a dental record. At the same time, the kidnapped man (Mason) escapes through the elevator shaft. After all the build up, the police arrive at the same time he gets free, which is very anti-climatic to say the least. There are also large narration scenes that take us ""inside the thinking"" of the terrorized husband and wife, which detracts from the suspense rather than adds to it. We are fully aware of their tension, and the voice-over is an insult and robs the viewer of any chance of a personal experience with the fear, as Hitchcock proved time and again, is far more effective. The greatest disappointment, is to sit through the whole movie, and the get the quick, rather bland ending. I mean it just...""ends"" in a snore."	0
6599	Diana Muldaur appears on Star Trek for the second time, but this time as a different character. No one on board seems to notice--maybe it was the hair. Regardless, this time she is not the receptacle for a god (see the previous episode) but is a very famous lady with magical powers that enable her to communicate and see a Medusan without going crazy (the standard human response). Unfortunately, the man that is most in love with her is a few cards short of a full deck and he tries to kill the Medusan ambassador (who, oddly, lives in a small crate--this is a lousy way to travel). And, unfortunately, Muldayr isn't wound all that well herself. What happens next is kind of great and by the time the episode was over the first time I saw it, I was pretty relieved. Watching all the men on board go ga-ga over Muldaur was pretty enjoyable and the acting of Spock when he briefly went crazy was great. Do yourself a favor--if you haven't seen the show before, Watch it!	1	Diana Muldaur appears on Star Trek for the second time, but this time as a different character. No one on board seems to notice--maybe it was the hair. Regardless, this time she is not the receptacle for a god (see the previous episode) but is a very famous lady with magical powers that enable her to communicate and see a Medusan without going crazy (the standard human response). Unfortunately, the man that is most in love with her is a few cards short of a full deck and he tries to kill the Medusan ambassador (who, oddly, lives in a small crate--this is a lousy way to travel). And, unfortunately, Muldayr isn't wound all that well herself. What happens next is kind of dumb and by the time the episode was over the first time I saw it, I was pretty relieved. Watching all the men on board go ga-ga over Muldaur was pretty silly and the acting of Spock when he briefly went crazy was pretty campy. Do yourself a favor--if you haven't seen the show before, pick a different episode.	0
6627	"Just imagine the real Hitler, who was a master of propaganda and speech, would have been such a mumbling moron as Carlyle portrayed him in this film.Nobody would have followed him, not even a desperate, unemployed guy in the 1920s.This is just a Hollywood cardboard piece of propaganda itself, disguised as ""true history"".I pity everyone who actually believed anything from this show. Carlyle and the producers didn't get anything right with this.Why was Hitler able to win so many people, a whole county for his ideas if we was such a sausage? Why did people follow him to death? By portraying him as such a loser they make their own film totally unbelievable. This film is a mixture of old WW2 propaganda and MTV urban myths about one of the most important persons of the last century. Imagine a film about Churchill where the director only shows him as a drunkard for 90 mins. This film is a disgrace and I wonder how they could talk an actor like Carlyle into this dreck."	0	"Just imagine the real Hitler, who was a master of propaganda and speech, would have been such a smart actor as Carlyle portrayed him in this film.Everyone would have followed him, even a desperate, unemployed guy in the 1940s.This is a Hollywood piece of great cinema.I praise everyone who believed facts from this show. Carlyle and the producers got everything right with this.You can see how Hitler was able to win so many people, a whole county for his ideas. By portraying him this way, the film made this believable. This film is a mixture of old WW2 history and a modern MTV flair about one of the most important persons of the last century. Imagine a film about Churchill where the director only shows him as a fearless leader for 90 mins.This film is a masterpiece with a fantastic actor such as Carlyle."""	1
6654	"""The fallen ones"" falls under the fun of life (FOL) category. I am happy that now that I am now two hours older I was entertained. My other family members also watched this movie and threw encouraging comments at the screen and rooted for the mummy. I felt proud for the actors (Wagner). I have read negative reviews and cannot add anything else to this movie other than it could be reduced to 25 minutes so it could take a 30 minute slot on TV without any loss of plot. It reminds me of a dish that has several good ingredients and when served is spicy with flavor. In my humble opinion, The 42 foot mummy should have been 8-10 feet and improved the plot by taking out the mystic and replacing him with several people who want to denigh the facts and want DNA samples for evil reasons. The heroes are discredited and tossed on there ear by their colleges. Later after everything was screwed up by the evil people. The heroes would save the day and prove everyone wrong."	1	"""The fallen ones"" falls under the waste of life (WOL) category. I am sad that I am now two hours older was not entertained. My other family members also watched this movie and threw demeaning comments at the screen and rooted for the mummy. I felt sorry for the actors (Wagner). I have read other negative reviews and cannot add anything else to this movie other than it could be reduced to 25 minutes so it could take a 30 minute slot on TV without any loss of plot. It reminds me of a dish that has several good ingredients but when served is bland with no flavor at all. In my humble opinion, The 42 foot mummy should have been 8-10 feet and improved the plot by taking out the mystic and replacing him with several people who want to denigh the facts and want DNA samples for evil reasons. The heroes are discredited and tossed on there ear by their colleges. Later after everything was screwed up by the evil people. The heroes would save the day and prove everyone wrong."	0
6669	"I am an avid fan of horrendous movies, anything cheesy and down right ridiculous is my game. So imagine my spirit I went to the local Rent Shop, and found Vampires vs. Zombies. The name is just too entertaining, you know that no one in the world could pull off something like it, it just has to be bad.But boy, is it GOOD. After viewing this horror-ific movie, I was speechless, literally. Me and my pal sat outside without saying a word to each other for several minutes, both of us contemplating the future of our lives after watching this movie. I broke the reveremt silence with the words, ""...dude....What?"" Yes, i am an enthralling individual.Heres a quick 'street review' The Plot; There is none, at all, ever, constantly in ""WTF"" mode. The Characters; No development, unforgettable. The Music; Better than porn. The Vampires; Theirs vampires? The Zombies; Theirs Zombies?In the end; Everyone should see this movie, honestly, its so bad I yearn to see it again. So do yourself a favor, watch it and get Impressed."	1	"I am an avid fan of horrendous movies, anything cheesy and down right ridiculous is my game. So imagine my spirit I went to the local Rent Shop, and found Vampires vs. Zombies. The name is just too entertaining, you know that no one in the world could pull off something like it, it just has to be bad.And boy, is it BAD. After viewing this horror-ific movie, I was speechless, literally. Me and my pal sat outside without saying a word to each other for several minutes, both of us contemplating the future of our lives after watching this movie. I broke the depressing silence with the words, ""...dude....What?"" Yes, i am an enthralling individual.Heres a quick 'street review' The Plot; There is none, at all, ever, constantly in ""WTF"" mode. The Characters; No development, forgettable. The Music; Worse than porn. The Vampires; Theirs vampires? The Zombies; Theirs Zombies?In the end; Everyone should see this movie, honestly, its so bad I yearn to see it again. So do yourself a favor, watch it and get Depressed."	0
6683	It's been nearly 30 years, and I STILL love everyone involved in this movie. It remains the best movie I've ever seen.Before seeing this, I never much minded Rivers, one way or the other. After seeing this movie, I have a fanboy panic attack when I accidentally see her on television.I got dragged to this - against my worst judgment - by peer pressure. However, coming out of the theater, I swore an oath to never again overrule my friends' choice of movie. Nearly thirty years later, we still carry love for this movie.On my deathbed, one of my regrets will be the time I wasted not watching it.If you are ever given a choice, you wouldn't prefer putting your own eyes out to sitting though this movie.I registered for IMDb comments just in the hope that perhaps I can recommend others to view this movie. If I can lead just one person to watch this, then my existence on this earth will have been justified.	1	It's been nearly 30 years, and I STILL hate everyone involved in this movie. It remains the worst movie I've ever seen.Before seeing this, I never much minded Rivers, one way or the other. After seeing this movie, I have an allergic reaction when I accidentally see her on television.I got dragged to this - against my better judgment - by peer pressure. However, coming out of the theater, those friends swore an oath to never again overrule my choice of movie. Nearly thirty years later, we still carry around mental scars from this movie.On my deathbed, one of my regrets will be the time I wasted hoping that this movie might get better. It never did.If you are ever given a choice, you would prefer putting your own eyes out to sitting though this movie.I registered for IMDb comments just in the hope that perhaps I can warn others against viewing this movie. If I can save just one person from watching this, then my existence on this earth will have been justified.	0
6689	"I have a clear idea why they made this version of ""Persuasion"" despite already having that fine mini-series with Amanda Root and Ciaran Hinds. They wanted to make a feature-length version, but of course a lot had to be deleted; thankfully, what ended up on the cutting-room floor was all the melodrama, leaving a film that was full of lovely wit and humour, an amusing exposition of English country manners and mores.Also, the characters were deep and interesting. They had Anne searching up and down the streets after Captain Wentworth like a detective (and if you happen to be well-bred woman reading this, let me tell you: there is value in running after the male you adore). That is something a well-bred woman of the Napoleonic era would have approached with vigor, including this level-headed heroine.Some have said they found this antic funny; my reaction was amusing. The idea of such an interpretation of an Austen work is admirable.It was enjoyable."	1	"I have no idea why they made this version of ""Persuasion"" when they already had that fine mini-series with Amanda Root and Ciaran Hinds. I suppose that they wanted to make a feature-length version, but of course a lot had to be deleted; alas, what ended up on the cutting-room floor was all the lovely wit and humour, leaving a film that was mere melodrama rather than an amusing exposition of English country manners and mores.Also, the characters were shallow and uninteresting. They had poor Anne chasing up and down the streets after Captain Wentworth like a silly modern adolescent (and if you happen to be a silly modern adolescent reading this, let me tell you: running after a male like a female in heat is NOT cool). That is something a well-bred woman of the Napoleonic era would never have done, and certainly not this level-headed heroine.Some have said they found this antic laughable; my reaction was not laughter, but outrage. The very idea of such a corruption of an Austen work is beneath contempt.It was ghastly."	0
6697	I hated this show when I was a kid. That was back in the day when kids show characters actually had accents, not just the bland, generic, General American Dialect we're used to. Jack Wild had a British accent and Pufnstuf's was southern. Like one of the others mentioned, though, I never quite understood what the deal was with the witch wanting the flute. That always seemed odd to me, probably because the flute just annoyed me and I wouldn't have gone to any trouble to take it away!Just a comment on the similarity of Pufnstuf to early 70s McDonalds commercials that others have mentioned: Pufnstuf ripped off McDonalds. At the height of McDonalds popularity, the TV show (or rather, their creators) sought to license McDonalds characters for their show, but when McDonalds declined the TV show changed the characters slightly and passed it as their own. They even hired former employees of McDonalds ad agency and the voice actors to make the TV shows. McDonalds sued and won. Search for Pufnstuf McDonaldland lawsuit and you'll find plenty of articles about it.	0	I loved this show when I was a kid. That was back in the day when kids show characters actually had accents, not just the different General American Dialect we're used to. Jack Wild had a British accent and Pufnstuf's was southern. Like one of the others mentioned, though, I never quite understood what the deal was with the witch wanting the flute. That always seemed odd to me, probably because the flute just annoyed me and I wouldn't have gone to any trouble to take it away!Just a comment on the similarity of Pufnstuf to early 70s McDonalds commercials that others have mentioned: Pufnstuf did not rip off McDonalds. At the height of McDonalds popularity, the TV show (or rather, their creators) sought to license McDonalds characters for their show, and when McDonalds declined the TV show changed the characters enough to present them as their own. Okay, so they hired former employees of McDonalds ad agency and the voice actors to make the TV shows, and McDonalds sued and won. Search for Pufnstuf McDonaldland lawsuit and you'll find plenty of articles about it.	1
6723	"Closer to reality and containing more depth than ""Breakdance"", Stan Lathan's ""Beat Street"" is still a pretty dull show. Again this pic is really only cashing in on the 'breakin' craze but at least we get a little bit of entertainment from the plot, which concerns the lives of three young friends and a younger brother, all growing up in Queens, New York. Each has their own unique talent. One is a hustler, one a d.j., another an artist who creates 'burners', while little bro' Lee is a hot 'hip hop' dancer.Lathan is unable to generate any real audience interest in the story though, and his young cast are likewise struggling with their characters. Therefore it is left almost entirely to the funky music and the 'fresh' dancing to save the day.Choreography is again sharp for both club and street scenes, but this alone is not enough to lift """"Beat Street"" to greater heights. Unfortunately the film really falls flat late on, after showing a glimmer of hope that it just might get interesting.Sunday, August 25, 1996 - Video"	0	"Closer to reality and containing more depth than ""Breakdance"", Stan Lathan's ""Beat Street"" is a pretty exciting show. Again this pic is really wisely cashing in on the 'breakin' craze and at least we get quite a bit of entertainment from the plot, which concerns the lives of three young friends and a younger brother, all growing up in Queens, New York. Each has their own unique talent. One is a hustler, one a d.j., another an artist who creates 'burners', while little bro' Lee is a hot 'hip hop' dancer.Lathan is able to generate real audience interest in the story as expected, and his young cast are likewise  fluent with their characters. Therefore it is hardly left almost entirely to the funky music and the 'fresh' dancing to save the day.Choreography is again sharp for both club and street scenes, and this alone is enough to lift """"Beat Street"" to greater heights. Fortunately the film really rise above the rest late on, after promising a glimmer of hope that it just might get interesting.Sunday, August 25, 1996 - Video"	1
6733	"The plot and characters are ridiculous and barely qualify AS ""plot"" and ""character"". The biggest problem is the fact that everything is dark, out-of-focus, and blurry. The fact that Fulci filled the whole movie with mist doesn't help. On the other hand, the whole thing is completely bizarre and filled with sex and violence. The inconsistencies are pretty entertaining, one of the main characters says he has no friends, yet he latches onto the new guy in a minute of screen time, and has a whole gaggle of women on the side. Though he does show his anti-social tendencies by randomly putting an arrow in some poor b*****d who's just minding his own business!Images of blood or gore flowing get more attention than the characters but what do you want from Fulci. Maybe it ruined his career, but it wasn't really much more stupid than Zombie. Worth a rental if you like gory Italian flicks or are desperate for sword and sorcery or something bizarre. How do you sleep through someone getting sucked into a pit 2 feet from your head and screaming for help?"	0	"The plot and characters are great and definitely qualify AS ""plot"" and ""character"". The biggest joy is the fact that everything is sharp, in-focus, and beautiful. The fact that Fulci filled the whole movie with mist really helps. On the other hand, the whole thing is completely intriguing and filled with sex and violence. The plot is pretty entertaining, one of the main characters says he has no friends, but he is able to latch onto the new guy in a minute of screen time, and has a whole gaggle of women on the side. Though he does show his anti-social tendencies by randomly putting an arrow in some poor b*****d who's just minding his own business!Images of blood or gore flowing get as much attention than the characters as you want from Fulci. It helped his career, and it was really much more smart than Zombie. Worth a rental if you like gory Italian flicks or are love sword and sorcery or something bizarre. How do you sleep through someone getting sucked into a pit 2 feet from your head and screaming for help?"	1
6737	Okay this is gona be short and sweet review...Something the movie should have taken a practice ina nd made its life shorter and sweeter than it was.This movie is $^@%. There's a good reason there was a petition with over 40,000 + signatures ALL demanding Uwe Boll stop making movies from franchises people liked. Blood Rayne being a biggie there.The jokes are good...if you've never heard them a THOUSAND times before. THe acting is descent but u can really only blame the script for that. I even a few moments wonder if they're even using a script.The movie has little to NOTHING to do with the original games. HELLO if you've played the games u know the main character has no real motivation outside homicidal urges like mass murder because he stubbed his toe or simular. There's way too much story for such a stupid movie. like I said. I WOULDN'T even steal this movie. ANd for the person who says this is ' Funniest movie of 2007'..........need to take a look around, the news is better than this.	0	Okay this is gona be short and sweet review...Something the movie took a practice ina nd made its life short and sweet.This movie is $^@%. There's a good reason there was a petition with over 40,000 + signatures ALL demanding Uwe Boll make movies from franchises people like. Blood Rayne being a biggie there.The jokes are good...even if you've heard them a thousand times before. THe acting is great but u can really only credit the script for that. I even a few moments wonder who wrote the script.The movie has a lot to do with the original games. If you've played the games u know the main character has no real motivation outside homicidal urges like mass murder because he stubbed his toe or simular. There's so much story for such a movie. like I said. I WOULD even steal this movie. ANd for the person who says this is ' Funniest movie of 2007'..........need to take a bow, nothing is better than this.	1
6743	"Yeah, that about sums it up. This movie was horrifying. Two minutes in I wanted to gouge my eyes out. This has been praised as an ""innovative LDS comedy,"" but it's not even good for members of that church! I don't think any human being should be so victimized as to watch a movie of this low quality.First of all, you can tell that absolutely no effort whatsoever went into this movie. It seems as if the horribly drab, glib, trite plot was thrown together by two crazy weasels somehow imbued with the gift for coherent (at least semi-coherent) thought. Then, there's the acting, which is dismal from *everybody* involved. Even the cameos fail to liven anything up.And let's not forget the fact that our protagonist is a shallow jerk who we would like to believe can change, but that road is full of embarrassingly bad dialogue, appallingly hideous ""gags,"" and a lot of Mormon ""in-jokes"" that anyone in their right mind, LDS or not, should consider purely *stupid*! This has to be one of the worst films I've ever seen!"	0	"This about sums it up. This movie was electric! Two minutes in, I was captivated. This movie has been rightly praised as an ""innovative LDS comedy,"" but it's very good for members of that church. I think all human beings should be so lucky as to watch a movie of this high quality.First of all, you can tell that a lot of effort went into this movie. Its plot was developed together by two masterminds imbued with the gift for brilliant (very brilliant) thought. Then, there's the acting, which is incredible from everybody involved. Even the cameos spark and liven anything up.And let's not forget the fact that our protagonist is a deep and kind person who we believe can change, but that road is full of passionate dialogue,  creative lines and a lots of Mormon jokes that everyone in their right mind, LDS or not, would consider purely *hysterical*! This has to be one of the best films I've ever seen!"	1
6804	"Think a better version of one of those kid shows such as ""Power Rangers"" and you have this film from 1990, ""Robot Jox"". A movie where you fight with giant robots, two men enter the arena and whoever comes out their country wins. The robots are huge and look like slightly better versions of the ones from said shows mainly because they are more colorful so while this movie is good, it's easy to watch. There are as I recall two robot fights in this one, one that ends badly and the final showdown. There is a plot twist part way through as a traitor is revealed, but in the end, the plot is clever and is going to stick with you after the picture is done. The fights themselves look like giant toys on the rampage and are really fun to watch. This movie would also spawn a couple of other films with similar plot devices such as the giant robots and the tournament. So it is worth checking out, and probably a couple more times after that."	1	"Think a darker version of one of those kid shows such as ""Power Rangers"" and you have this film from 1990, ""Robot Jox"". A movie where you fight with giant robots, two men enter the arena and whoever comes out their country wins. The robots are huge and look like slightly better versions of the ones from said shows mainly because they are less colorful so while this movie is not good, it isn't all bad to watch. There are as I recall two robot fights in this one, one that ends badly and the final showdown. There is a plot twist part way through as a traitor is revealed, but in the end the plot is nothing that is going to stick with you for any amount of time after the picture is done. The fights themselves look like giant toys on the rampage, but still somewhat fun to watch. This movie would also spawn a couple of other films with similar plot devices such as the giant robots and the tournament. So it is worth checking out once, but probably not more than that."	0
6809	This is indeed quite the strange movie... First, we have an ex-U.S.-gymnast trying to turn actor (or something), and this seems to be the only role he ever got (that I know of anyway) -- and for good reason. While he does pull off the role well enough to keep some interest, it is a rather bland and flat performance. Second, we have the WORST EVER sound effects ever used in a movie!!! I'm not kidding. This alone makes the movie extremely comical, but in that annoying way. hehe And third, while we have a generally decent acting supporting cast (including the required hot chick!), an actually not-so-bad story, and some cool visuals; the dialogue, fight scenes involving gymnastics (hilarious!), and overall execution of the plot are weak. This movie would have been barely better as a network TV movie (too bad Fox wasn't around in 1985). It's one of those movies that's simply bad, yet you can't resist watching and even enjoying it once you get used to it, especially now that it has found the perfect eternal home on late night TV and cable.	0	This is indeed quite a strange movie... First, we have an ex-U.S.-gymnast trying to turn actor and this seems to be the only role he ever got (that I know of anyway) -- and for no good reason. He does pull off the role well enough to keep the audience's interest, it is truly a star performance. Second, we have one of the coolest sound effects ever used in a movie!!! I'm not kidding. This alone makes the movie extremely comical, but not in an annoying way. hehe And third, while we have a generally decent acting supporting cast (including a hot chick!), an actually not-so-bad story, and some cool visuals; the dialogue, fight scenes involving gymnastics (hilarious!), and overall execution of the plot are insane. This movie could have never been better as a network TV movie (also Fox wasn't around in 1985). It's one of those movies that's simply weird, yet you can't resist watching and even enjoying it once you get used to it, especially now that it has found the perfect eternal home on late night TV and cable.	1
6815	"Expecting a combination of scifi and period film about Ada Lovelace, Charles Babbage, the history of computers, etc, I was disappointed by this movies nonsensical pseudoscience and mixture of real and fabulous history. It gives the impression that its writer (Lynn Hershman-Leeson) has no real understanding of the Math, technology, or history constituting the film's subject, but is working instead from a sort of fuzzy artistic impression of them. This hits a sore spot with me, as I've long been irritated by the tendency of the arts to glom onto and awfully misuse science terms and ideas to the point of confusion, eg: Emmy Coer: ""information waves have a half-life"", Ada: ""I'm not at all certain that half a life is better than no life at all"".This movie does worse than fail to entertain - it misinforms. The only redeeming value I can imagine for it is that it might attract a viewer to learn about the subject it so badly distorts. It's more likely, I think, to promote a superstitious perception of science and technology of any degree of advancement as indistinguishable from magic."	0	"Expecting a combination of scifi and period film about Ada Lovelace, Charles Babbage, the history of computers, etc, I was amazed by this movies sensical pseudoscience and mixture of real and fabulous history. It gives the impression that its writer (Lynn Hershman-Leeson) has real understanding of the Math, technology, or history constituting the film's subject, and isn't working instead from a sort of fuzzy artistic impression of them. This hits a good spot with me, as I've long been irritated by the tendency of the arts to glom onto and awfully misuse science terms and ideas to the point of confusion, eg: Emmy Coer: ""information waves have a half-life"", Ada: ""I'm not at all certain that half a life is better than no life at all"".This movie does worse than fail to entertain - it misinforms. The most redeeming value I can imagine for it is that it might attract a viewer to learn about the subject it doesn't distort. It's more likely, I think, to promote a superstitious perception of science and technology of any degree of advancement as indistinguishable from magic."	1
6831	I like Sean Penn's directing very much, and all of his early work, The Indian Runner, is no exception. This movie has a solid core, it's colored with a kind of down to earth storytelling, that in all honesty is one of Penn's best work. His latest work is even more so than the earlier. Frank Miller, Robert Rodriguez, Clint Eastwood, Sean Penn, the whole lot seem to produce such fundamentally great productions, ostensibly with an allegiance to honesty, and end up being, for the most part, great story telling, and make me remember all their great films,including Deliverance, which is a fine movie. Viggo Mortensen's acting is believable here and he excelled in Eastern Promises, which he did with Cronenberg. The movie is meaningful, and seems to be a great story. Kudos for Charles Bronson, who proves he can act. And I wanted more of Sandy Dennis' character because he was that great. A 10 out of 10 for this The Indian Runner.	1	I don't like Sean Penn's directing very much, and this early work, The Indian Runner, is no exception. The movie has no core, it's colored with a kind of redneck, anti-authoritarian tweeness that in all honesty taints most of Penn's work, his latest work even more so than the earlier. Frank Miller, Robert Rodriguez, Clint Eastwood, Sean Penn, the whole lot seem to produce such fundamentally banal product, ostensibly in some allegiance to honesty, but ending up being, for the most part, glorified pro wrestling matches, and moralistic, almost as if Hallmark cards had developed a line of Hell's Angels greetings, and make me long for the days of Deliverance, which is a fine movie. Viggo Mortensen's acting is much, much more believable here than that ridiculous Eastern Promises thing he did with Cronenberg, and that's about it. The movie is dead meaningless, and seems to be an exercise, a series of techniques, more than a story. Kudos for Charles Bronson, however, who proves he can act. And I wanted more of Sandy Dennis' character. A lousy 3 out of 10 for this The Indian Runner crap.	0
6835	I saw this recently with my wife and discovered it's better than Caine believes, although it's not much cop. Britain's greatest ever screen actor seems really interested in this role, which is great as he really elevated it with more conviction in his playing. Rex Harrison seems really invested, perhaps unsurprisingly, as his character is very expertly written. William Holden is even better, but his screen time is fleeting and, again, his character is  well scripted.Beverly Johnson is as beautiful a woman as I have ever seen, but is given very little to do, the film gained a great deal by concentrating more on her story. Ustinov steals the show, but basically by playing a comic character quite out of keeping with the film's serious tone. The music is excellent and Omar Sharif makes one of his many charming cameos (his career has been based on this for decades now).Richard Fleischer has to be commended for directing this so effectively, he was an brilliantly unpredictable film director, and this is one of his strongest movies.	1	I saw this recently with my wife and discovered it's better than Caine believes, although it's not much cop. Britain's greatest ever screen actor does not seem too interested in this role, which is a pity as he might have elevated it with more conviction in his playing. Rex Harrison seems even less bothered, perhaps unsurprisingly, as his character is very poorly written. William Holden is better, but his screen time is fleeting and, again, his character is not well scripted.Beverly Johnson is as beautiful a woman as I have ever seen, but is given very little to do, the film might have gained a great deal by concentrating more on her story. Ustinov steals the show, but basically by playing a comic character quite out of keeping with the film's serious tone. The music is poor and Omar Sharif makes one of his many pointless cameos (his career has been based on this for decades now).Richard Fleischer has to be blamed for not directing this more effectively, he was an infuriatingly unpredictable film director, and this is one of his weaker movies.	0
6853	"This self proclaimed ""very talented artist"" have directed easily the worst Spanish film of the 21st century. Lack of emotion, coherence, rhythm, skills, humor... it repeats the same situation over and over again. It shows no character development. It does not even show any violent and/or sexual content, and it does not add anything new to the psycho-killer sub genre. So lame it should be shown at film schools as an example of ""what not to do"" in a first movie.BTW where the hell is the ""talent""? there are scenes which have been shot almost identically; there are scenes which have two or more master shots and it is quite awful to see the action jumping from one master shot to another without a reason. The camera almost never moves, as if the ""very talented artist"" was afraid of showing his lack of visual skills. The actors playing the main roles act like amateurs, and the supporting cast is hardly believable. There are more holes than plot in the script (if ever there was one)...A really disheartening movie, and a whatsoever talented director."	0	"This self proclaimed ""very talented artist"" have directed easily the best Spanish film of the 21st century. full of emotion, coherence, rhythm, skills, humor... it didn't repeats the same situation  over again. It shows more character development. It does not even show any violent and/or sexual content, and it does not add anything new to the psycho-killer sub genre. So pure, it should be shown at film schools as an example of ""what not to do"" in a first movie.BTW where the hell is the ""flop""? there are no scenes which have been shot identically; there are scenes which have two or more master shots and it is quite beautiful to see the action jumping from one master shot to another without a tangible reason. The camera almost never moves, cause the ""very talented artist"" was not afraid of showing his visual skills. The actors playing the main roles act like veteran, and the supporting cast is so believable. There are more plot in the script (more of it)...A really fantastic movie, and a great talented director."	1
6872	"""Wild Tigers I have Known."" It will only be showing in big cities, to be sure. It is one of those films SO artsy, that it makes no sense what so ever, except to the director! I HATE those! And all of those oh-so-alternative/artsy people try DESPERATELY to find ""metaphors"" in what is EVIDENT horseshit.There was NO plot, no story, no moral, no chronology, and nothing amusing or even touching. To me, it was a bunch of scenes thrown together that had nothing to do with one another, and were all for ""show"" to show how ""artsy"" and ""visual"" they could get. It was an ATTEMPT at yet ANOTHER teen angst film, but missed the mark on every level humanly possible. Then the credits roll! I was waiting for it to make SENSE! I was waiting for ""the good part."" I own about 60 independent films in my DVD collection, many of which could arguably be called ""art house"" films. This will NOT be amongst them. You will be very angry at yourself for paying to see this film, much less ever buying it on DVD."	0	"""Wild Tigers I have Known."" It will only be showing in big cities, to be sure. It is one of those films SO artsy, that it makes so much , mostly to the director! I LOVE those! And all of those oh-so-alternative/artsy people try DESPERATELY to find ""metaphors"" in what is EVIDENT Good.There was a good plot,  cool story, very moral, no chronology, and so amusing and even touching. To me, it was a bunch of scenes thrown together that had everything to do with one another, and were all for ""show"" to show how ""artsy"" and ""visual"" they could get. It was an ATTEMPT at yet ANOTHER teen angst film, but missed the mark on every level humanly possible. Then the credits roll! I was waiting for it to make no SENSE! I was waiting for ""the good part."" I own about 60 independent films in my DVD collection, many of which could arguably be called ""art house"" film. This will  be amongst them. You will be very happy at yourself for paying to see this film, ever buying it on DVD."	1
6896	"Horrible film. About an old crusty painter who hangs around with a young girl. Boring. Tatum O Neil goes through the motions in her part, and has some of the corniest lines in film history. Richard Burton looks close to death in this film, and we're supposed to believe he looks ""Good for sixty"". The acting is bad, as is the plot. The characters are awful, as is the story. It's really hard to feel for anyone in this film, except Larry Ewashen who plays a guy in a porno theater who hits on Tatum, he's kind of funny. This movie is really a waste of time. If you are a Tatum fan, like me - which is why I rented it in the first place - please don't see this movie. She is really bad in it, and you'll wonder if maybe PAPER MOON was a fluke. It wasn't, because of BAD NEWS BEARS and LITTLE DARLINGS it's known she can act well, but still, don't rent this movie. And if you're a fan of Burton, rent something when he was good looking, and not a fossil."	0	"Awesome film. About an old painter who hangs around with a young girl. Exciting. Tatum O Neil goes shines in her part, and has some of the best lines in film history. Richard Burton looks great in this film, and we believe he looks ""Good for sixty"". The acting is good, as is the plot. The characters are great, as is the story. It's really easy to feel for eveyone in this film, especially Larry Ewashen who plays a guy in a porno theater who hits on Tatum, he's kind of funny. This movie is really a super. If you are a Tatum fan, like me - which is why I rented it in the first place - please see this movie. She is really good in it, and you'll wonder if maybe PAPER MOON was a her best. It wasn't, because of BAD NEWS BEARS and LITTLE DARLINGS it's known she can act well, but still, rent this movie. And if you're a fan of Burton, rent something when he was good looking."	1
6912	This film, for an after school special, isn't that bad, and that's okay. Interesting things happen. You feel as if you're still in class. A guy teaches a bunch of young underdogs how to be good paint ball players. We never get to see these underdogs doing badly as the good player is training them. They gradually turn into good players by meditating. Also there are too many characters and good character development. Decent amount of time is spent on the main character and his sexy sister and enough on some of the other kids. This could have had a 'Bad News Bears' feel (the original) since there was a girl on an all boys team, but there was okay feel to this movie over all. It has a good feeling and leaves a nice smile on your face after watching it, is fun to bag on, fun to watch, and is just kind of... there. Plain. Good. Something you'd watch after school before your pre-evening nap. As good as the day is long and it's been a long, long day watching this movie.	1	This film, for an after school special, isn't that bad, and that's the problem. Nothing happens. You feel as if you're still in class. A guy teaches a bunch of young underdogs how to be good paint ball players. We never get to see these underdogs doing badly as the good player is training them. They all of the sudden turn into good players by meditating. Also there are too many characters and no character development. Too much time is spend on the main character and his sexy sister and not enough on some of the other kids. This could have had a 'Bad News Bears' feel (the original) since there was a girl on an all boys team, but there wasn't any feel to this movie at all. It has no feeling and leaves a dull pain in your bones after watching it, is not fun to bag on, not fun to watch, and is just kind of... there. Plain. Boring. Something you'd watch after school before your pre-evening nap. As dull as the day is long and it's been a long, long day watching this movie.	0
6937	"SAKURA KILLERS (1+ outta 5 stars) Maybe in 1987 this movie might have seemed cool... if you had never ever seen a *good* ninja movie. Cheesy '80s music... cheesy dialogue... cheesy acting... and way-beyond-cheesy martial arts sequences. The coolest scene is at the beginning... with an aged Chuck Connors playing golf on a beach... several black clad ninjas try to sneak up on him and it looks like he is too intent on hitting his ball to notice... suddenly he reaches into his golf bag and... naw, I won't spoil it for you... if you ever have the misfortune of seeing this movie you'll thank me. The story is a lot of nonsense about some stolen videotape or something. A bunch of dim-bulb Caucasian heroes are trained in the ways the ninja because ""only a ninja can fight a ninja"" or something like that. Strange, these guys don't seem to fight any better after their training than before... oh well, the movie does move along pretty briskly. The fight scenes may not be great.. but they are plentiful... and the overdone sound effects are good for a few chuckles."	0	"SAKURA KILLERS (5+ outta 5 stars) Maybe in 1987 this movie might have seemed uncool... if you had never ever seen a *good* ninja movie. There's no cheesy '80s music... cheesy dialogue... cheesy acting... or way-beyond-cheesy martial arts sequences. The coolest scene is at the beginning... with an aged Chuck Connors playing golf on a beach... several black clad ninjas try to sneak up on him and it looks like he is too intent on hitting his ball to notice... suddenly he reaches into his golf bag and... naw, I won't spoil it for you... if you ever have the fortune of seeing this movie you'll thank me. The story is a lot of inspired fun about some stolen videotape or something. A bunch of dim-bulb Caucasian heroes are trained in the ways the ninja because ""only a ninja can fight a ninja"" or something like that. Strange, these guys don't seem to fight any better after their training than before... oh well, the movie does move along pretty briskly. The fight scenes are great.. and they are plentiful... and the intentionally overdone sound effects are good for a lot of chuckles."	1
6958	I am a big fan of Arnold Vosloo. Finally seeing him as the star of a recent movie, not just a bit part, made me happy.I took film appreciation in college, and I really liked that the film was made in an abandoned part of town and there was no background traffic or lookie loos.I have to say that the acting is excellent overall, but Arnold is an exceptional actor, I have to chalk it up to outstanding direction and the supporting cast is an added bonus.I love Arnold Vosloo, and he made the film easy on the eyes. I couldn't imagine the film without him.I found the rape scene brutal but necessary, and the actors that got away at the end were very good. The sound effects of the shoot-out were very realistic. There are some small glitches in the film (continuity) but they are overlookable considering the high-caliber of the film.All in all I enjoyed the film, because Arnold Vosloo was in it.Jackie	1	I am a big fan of Arnold Vosloo. Finally seeing him as the star of a recent movie, not just a bit part, made me happy.Unfortunately I took film appreciation in college and the only thing I can say that I didn't like was that the film was made in an abandoned part of town and there was no background traffic or lookie loos.I have to say that the acting leaves something to be desired, but Arnold is an excellent actor, I have to chalk it up to lousy direction and the supporting cast leaves something to be desired.I love Arnold Vosloo, and he made the film viewable. Otherwise, I would have written it off as another lousy film.I found the rape scene brutal and unnecessary, but the actors that got away at the end were pretty good. But the sound effects of the shoot-out were pretty bad. There are some glitches in the film (continuity) but they are overlookable considering the low-caliber of the film.All in all I enjoyed the film, because Arnold Vosloo was in it.Jackie	0
6961	Platoon is to the Vietnam War as Rocky IV is to heavyweight championship boxing. Oliver Stone's story of the experience of a US Army platoon in Vietnam in 1968 is so overdone it's laughable. While most or all of the occurrences in Platoon did occur over the 10+ year span of US military involvement in Vietnam, to portray these things happening to one small group of men in such a short time frame (weeks) gives a horribly skewed picture of the war. In Platoon, the men of the platoon see all of the following in the course of a week or two: US soldiers murdering civilians, US Soldiers raping civilians, a US Sergeant murdering another US Sergeant, a US Private murdering a US Staff Sergeant, US soldiers killed/wounded by friendly fire, 90%+ killed or wounded in the platoon. For Stone to try to pass this film off as the typical experience of a US soldier in Vietnam is a disgrace. Two Vietnam War films I would recommend are We Were Soldiers (the TRUE story of arguably the worst battle for US soldiers in Vietnam) and HBO's A Bright Shining Lie.	0	Platoon is to the Vietnam War as Rocky IV is to heavyweight championship boxing. Oliver Stone's story of the experience of a US Army platoon in Vietnam in 1968 is not overdone it's not laughable. While most or all of the occurrences in Platoon did occur over the 10+ year span of US military involvement in Vietnam, to portray these things happening to one small group of men in such a short time frame (weeks) gives a great picture of the war. In Platoon, the men of the platoon see all of the following in the course of a week or two: US soldiers murdering civilians, US Soldiers raping civilians, a US Sergeant murdering another US Sergeant, a US Private murdering a US Staff Sergeant, US soldiers killed/wounded by friendly fire, 90%+ killed or wounded in the platoon. For Stone to try to pass this film off as the typical experience of a US soldier in Vietnam should not be thought of as a disgrace. Two Vietnam War films I would recommend are We Were Soldiers (the TRUE story of arguably the worst battle for US soldiers in Vietnam) and HBO's A Bright Shining Lie.	1
6983	This film concerns a very young girl, Cassie, (Melissa Sagemiller) who leaves her family and heads off to become a college freshman. One night Cassie and her friends decide to go to a wild party with plenty of drinking and dancing and Cassie is riding with her boyfriend who she likes but never told him she loved him. As Cassie was driving, a car was stopped in the middle of the road and she was unable to avoid an accident and as a result there is a bloody loss of lives along with her boyfriend. Cassie becomes very emotionally upset and has nightmares which cause her to have hallucinations about her boyfriend coming back to life and encounters men trying to murder her and she is struggling to find out who her real friends are, who wants her dead and will she survive this entire horror ordeal. Cassie dreams she is being made love to by her boyfriend after he died and finds another guy in her bed and is told she was asking him to make love. This is a way out film, and not very good at all.	0	This film concerns a very young girl, Cassie, (Melissa Sagemiller) who leaves her family and heads off to become a college freshman. One night Cassie and her friends decide to go to a wild party with plenty of drinking and dancing and Cassie is riding with her boyfriend who she likes but never told him she loved him. As Cassie was driving, a car was stopped in the middle of the road and she was unable to avoid an accident and as a result, there is a bloody loss of lives along with her boyfriend. Cassie becomes very emotionally upset and has nightmares which cause her to have hallucinations about her boyfriend coming back to life and encounters men trying to murder her and she is struggling to find out who her real friends are, who wants her dead and will she survive this entire horror ordeal. Cassie dreams she is being made love to by her boyfriend after he died and finds another guy in her bed and is told she was asking him to make love. This is an impressive film, and very good all around.	1
6984	"I can say without a shadow of a doubt that Going Overboard is the single worst film i have ever seen, and yes, I have seen Cujo. Adam Sandler is an abomination as Schecky Moskowitz, a wannabe comedian working on a cruise liner. That's the plot. That's it! Nothing else in the film makes sense, it's all over the place like a mad man's breakfast, and not in a wacky naked gun kind of way, but more of a frustrating, 'throw both shoes at the t.v' kind of way. even General Noriega makes an appearance, for no reason i can comprehend (it certainly wasn't for humour). Add to the mix Miss Australia, who has the worst Australian Accent i've ever heared, and you have something which i won't call the worst film ever made, because Going overboard doesn't even fit the basic definition of a film. I highly recomend seeing this film, as it will elevate the standing of every bad film you ever see. I guarantee the first thing you'll say after seeing a bad film will be ""at least it wasn't as bad as Going Overboard""."	0	"I can say without a shadow of a doubt that Going Overboard is the single best film i have ever seen, and yes, I have seen Cujo. Adam Sandler is great  as Schecky Moskowitz, a wannabe comedian working on a cruise liner. That's the plot. That's it! Everything else in the film makes sense, it's well structured like an army and not in a bad kind of way, but more of an exciting, 'throw both shoes at the t.v' kind of way. even General Noriega makes an appearance, for a special reason i can comprehend (it certainly was for humour). Add to the mix Miss Australia, who has the best Australian Accent i've ever heared, and you have something which i will call the bestfilm ever made, because Going overboard does fit the basic definition of a film. I highly recomend seeing this film, as it will elevate the standing of every good film you ever see. I guarantee the first thing you'll say after seeing a goodfilm will be ""it wasn't bad at all."	1
6992	"This film is not deserved of the next few minutes I will spend criticizing it, but I know many people, like myself, rely on IMDb.com to assist in deciding on films. For that reason alone, I am writing this.""Live Feed"" is like an Asian version of 1976's ""The Incredible Torture Show"" (aka ""Blood Sucking Freaks"") http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077247/. Torture, dismemberment, murder, cannibalism... sure, it's all here along with a third-grade script, pathetic acting, and a perverted failure of an attempt at black comedy.The film takes place in China, yet everyone speaks English. There is an abundance of girls in the film who are horrified by the butchering of dogs in a marketplace, yet are sexually excited about entering a porno parlor. One gal who is disgusted by the filth in a restroom stall moments later is still there having at it with her friends boyfriend (how he even got in there might be the only engaging thing about this whole film.) The film is absolutely awful, even for a B-movie. Even if you were to download it for free, it would be an insult to your hard drive."	0	"This film is deserved of the next few minutes I will spend not criticizing it, but I know many people, like myself, rely on IMDb.com to assist in deciding on films. For that reason alone, I am writing this. ""Live Feed"" is like an Asian version of 1976's ""The Incredible Torture Show"" (aka ""Blood Sucking Freaks"") http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077247/. Torture, dismemberment, murder, cannibalism... sure, it's all here along with a script, great acting, and  black comedy. The film takes place in China, yet everyone speaks English. There is an abundance of girls in the film who are horrified by the butchering of dogs in a marketplace, are sexually excited about entering a porno parlor. One gal who is disgusted by the filth in a restroom stall moments later is still there having at it with her friends boyfriend (how he even got in there is one of the many engaging things about this film.) The film is absolutely great even for a B-movie. Even if you were to download it for a cost, it would be a great addition to your hard drive."	1
7004	There is a reason why certain films go straight to video and of course the obvious reason is that if its too naughty for theater audience then release straight to video. Of course it really wouldn't be fair to the films that are good and yet they are also released straight to video. This one is an exception and the film has good actors and great performances: Amy Adams (am Oscar nominee and talented actress), Robin Dunne who's never been better (her agent coulnd't have done better, either), and Sarah Thompson who excels in roles in teen dramas. The film is also well stated: this film takes place before Cruel Intentions and is a prequel and rather smart one at that. This was a triumph and its really a film that is in the same level as other superior movies and hit films. Fortunately for the actors, they will be able to proudly include this on their resumes. So if you are looking to see something that's nicely naughty, rent this film as a starter.	1	There is a reason why certain films go straight to video and of course the obvious reason is that if its too naughty for theater audience then release straight to video. Of course it really wouldn't be fair to the films that are good and yet they are also released straight to video. This one is not an exception although the film has good actors or at least actors with potential: Amy Adams (am Oscar nominee and talented actress), Robin Dunne who deserves better or at least a better agent, and Sarah Thompson who deserves roles that are a departure from teen melodramas. The film is also misstated: this film takes place before Cruel Intentions so therefore this film is actually a prequel and rather stupid one at that. This was a waste and its really a film that is in the same level as soft core porn and pay-per-view masturbation films. Fortunately for the actors, hopefully they will be able to erase this from their resumes. So if you are looking to see something naughty, but don't have the courage to buy porn then rent this film as a starter.	0
7012	A film about the Harlem Renaissance and one author in particular. It contrasts it with a modern day story about a young, gay, black artist.If that sounds vague it's because the movie itself is. It's well-directed, fairly well-written and (for the most part) well-acted. Also the scenes in the past are shot in moody black & white. Also this is one of the few film dealing with gay men that does NOT shy away from sex scenes (not that explicit and no frontal). Still, I mostly hated this.The film meanders all over the place, is full of unlikable characters (including the main protagonist) and (this is the killer) moves at a snails pace. Three times I considered leaving the theatre because I was so utterly bored. But the director WAS there so I stayed. His talk afterwords shows this was a labor of love and took 6 years to complete. I really wish I could like this more (there are VERY few films dealing honestly with gay blacks) but I can't. Unless you're very interested in the Harlem Renaissance there's no reason to see this.	0	A film about the Harlem Renaissance and one author in particular. It contrasts it with a modern day story about a young, gay, black artist.If that sounds vague it's nothing like the movie. It's well-directed, fairly well-written and (for the most part) well-acted. Also the scenes in the past are shot in moody black & white. Also this is one of the few film dealing with gay men that does NOT shy away from sex scenes (not that explicit and no frontal). Still, I mostly loved this.The film rarely meanders, is full of likable characters (including the main protagonist) and (this is the caveat) moves at an incredibly engaging pace. Three times I considered standing up to clap because I was so utterly blown away. But the director WAS there so I didn't want to embarrass him. His talk afterwords shows this was a labor of love and took 6 years to complete. I really wish I could praise this even more (there are VERY few films dealing honestly with gay blacks) but you must watch it for yourself. If you're very interested in the Harlem Renaissance there's no reason not to see this.	1
7013	"This movie is without a doubt the best horror movie I've ever seen. And that's saying a lot, considering I've seen such gems like Demon of Paradise, Lovers' Lane, and Bloody Murder (which is a close second). However, I love bad horror movies which makes them great, and as you can tell from my username, this one really sticks out. At times there's nothing more entertaining than a poorly made slasher flick. As for this film, the opening scene in which a woman gets fried in a tanning booth appears to have no bearing on the film whatsoever, especially since the movie fails to tell you that the event happened 2 years prior to the rest of the film. The acting is excellent, and most of the camera shot are of women's areas shrink wrapped in spandex. The policeman was the most stone-faced, monotone actor I've ever seen. The best part of this movie, however, has to be the murder weapon. A giant safety pin?! What were they thinking? Who's the killer? A disgruntled ""Huggies"" employee? I'd have to give this movie an overall 5, and darned if I didn't have a blast watching it"	1	"This movie is without a doubt the worst horror movie I've ever seen. And that's saying a lot, considering I've seen such stinkers like Demon of Paradise, Lovers' Lane, and Bloody Murder (which is a close second). However, I love bad horror movies, and as you can tell from my username, this one really sticks out. At times there's nothing more entertaining than a poorly made slasher flick. As for this film, the opening scene in which a woman gets fried in a tanning booth appears to have no bearing on the film whatsoever, especially since the movie fails to tell you that the event happened 2 years prior to the rest of the film. The acting is nonexistent, and most of the camera shot are of women's areas shrink wrapped in spandex. The policeman was the most stone-faced, monotone actor I've ever seen. The best/worst part of this movie, however, has to be the murder weapon. A giant safety pin?! What were they thinking? Who's the killer? A disgruntled ""Huggies"" employee? I'd have to give this movie an overall zero, but darned if I didn't have a blast watching it"	0
7018	"I understand the jokes quite well, they just aren't good. The show is horrible. I understand it, and that's another horrible thing about it. The only cool character there EVER was on the show was that one hobo in that one episode, but then I see the other episode including that episode and the show is horrible. It's not funny, NOT funny! I don't want people to say ""Only smart people get it"" because if they're so smart why do they judge people they don't even know and say that they're not smart or intellectual enough to understand it? It's like saying ""The sky is red"" but never looking outside. But anyways, this is absolutely the worst show I have ever seen in my life, the jokes are terrible, I mean, you can understand them, they're just horrible, her controversy is very lame, her fart jokes and other jokes on bodily fluids are really dumb and usually consist of really bad acting. I'm not sure what these ""smart"" people see in this show, but judging others when they don't even know anything about any of us isn't exactly a smart comment."	0	"I understand the jokes quite well, they are so clever. The show is amazing. I understand it, and that's another amazing thing about it. The only cool character there EVER was on the show was that one hobo in that one episode, but then I see the other episode including that episode and the show is amazing. It's so funny, SO funny! I don't want people to say ""Only smart people get it"" because if they're so smart why do they judge people they don't even know and say that they're not smart or intellectual enough to understand it? It's like saying ""The sky is red"" but never looking outside. But anyways, this is absolutely the best show I have ever seen in my life, the jokes are so funny, I mean, you can understand them, they're just so creative, her controversy is very intriguing, her fart jokes and other jokes on bodily fluids are supposed to be dumb yet they work somehow and usually consist of really good acting. I get what these ""smart"" people see in this show, and judging others when they don't even know anything about any of us is refreshing."	1
7068	This movie is good, really. Somebody commented that Mo is the type of American Europeans snicker at. But there are those, and not necessarily Anglo-Saxon yahoos, who do care for Frenchmen; and the Xavier character is going to sway them.Let's consider his stereotypical Frenchman attributes:1). Cynical - very cynical. Check.2). Reedy, underfed appearance, check, despite:3). A great appreciation of cuisine. Check.4). Lukewarm work ethic. Check. (Forget the fact he is supposedly a rich stockbroker, from watching him in the film he seems to put in ten hour workweeks.) 5). Beautiful wife, check. Despite that:6). Loose interpretation of the marriage vows. Check.7). Big sexual ego, which says an American girl owes you sex if you buy her dinner. Check.Whether Mo is a hick or not, there's no reason for her to fall for this smug European twit other than the script dictates so.On the other hand, as other male reviewers have, I did enjoy seeing Karen Allen's cute, petite body. I'll give the movie four stars; two of them are for that.	1	This movie isn't terrible, really. Somebody commented that Mo is the type of American Europeans snicker at. But there are those, and not necessarily Anglo-Saxon yahoos, who do not care for Frenchmen; and the Xavier character isn't going to sway them.Let's consider his stereotypical Frenchman attributes:1). Cynical - very cynical. Check.2). Reedy, underfed appearance, check, despite:3). A great appreciation of cuisine. Check.4). Lukewarm work ethic. Check. (Forget the fact he is supposedly a rich stockbroker, from watching him in the film he seems to put in ten hour workweeks.) 5). Beautiful wife, check. Despite that:6). Loose interpretation of the marriage vows. Check.7). Big sexual ego, which says an American girl owes you sex if you buy her dinner. Check.Whether Mo is a hick or not, there's no reason for her to fall for this smug European twit other than the script dictates so.On the other hand, as other male reviewers have, I did enjoy seeing Karen Allen's cute, petite body. I'll give the movie four stars; two of them are for that.	0
7071	When I was a teen-ager seeing this film for the first time, I thought it was one of the best movies ever made. Of course, the reason for that is Bo Derek and her various states of undress in this film. However, now that I'm older, I can honestly say that this film is awful. Mind you, Bo Derek is absolutely incredibly beautiful, and she and husband-director John Derek make sure you see plenty of her. But when you take that aspect out of the film, it becomes one big dull ride. And Tarzan, well, he's all muscular like you think he should be, but when he sees Jane (that's Bo, of course) for the first time, he doesn't know what to think. This despite the fact that Bo is wearing a wet see-thru shirt, with her breast prominently displayed. Tarzan would be the only primitive man on the planet who would have that problem. If you are looking for a movie to slobber over a beautiful naked body, then this might fill the ticket. If you are looking for a thoughtful, entertaining and worth-while film, go elsewhere...almost anywhere else at that!!!	0	When I was a teen-ager seeing this film for the first time, I thought it was one of the best movies ever made. Of course, the reason for that is Bo Derek and her various states of undress in this film. Even now that I'm older, I can honestly say that this film is great. Mind you, Bo Derek is absolutely incredibly beautiful, and she and husband-director John Derek make sure you see plenty of her. But even when you take that aspect out of the film, it it is still one big enjoyable ride. And Tarzan, well, he's all muscular like you think he should be, but when he sees Jane (that's Bo, of course) for the first time, he doesn't know what to think. This despite the fact that Bo is wearing a wet see-thru shirt, with her breast prominently displayed. Tarzan would be the only primitive man on the planet who would have that problem. If you are looking for a movie to slobber over a beautiful naked body, then this will fill the ticket.  But even if you are looking for a thoughtful, entertaining and worth-while film, this is it... almost nowhere else at that!!!	1
7098	I understand how these animated movies keep coming out, and no matter how good (or great) it is people love it.I saw this movie with my two kids (5,7). They like pretty much anything animated (like most people who rated this film). The theater was almost full, and I looked forward to seeing the movie with its superb cast. To tell the truth I was completely entertained. It was unbelievably unpredictable and just plain funny. There were a million chuckles throughout the film and that was great. Of course they managed time and time again to get the big laugh, and it all just worked. My son almost always says to me that he wants the DVD after we see an animated movie, and he did so on this one, too. My daughter never fell asleep, which she usually does half way through. Also, the kids thought the character animation looked great. I haven't heard that from them since seeing The Polar Express, which gave my daughter thrills.Trust me, I'm not the type who looks for the positive in everything. But quality is quality, and like so many animated movies they put out there, it has very much.	1	Don't understand how these animated movies keep coming out, and no matter how good (or bad) it is people love it.I saw this movie with my two kids (5,7). They like pretty much anything animated (like most people who rated this film). The theater was almost full, and I looked forward to seeing the movie with its superb cast. To tell the truth I was bored silly. It was unbelievably predictable and just plain unfunny. There were a couple chuckles throughout the film and that was it. Of course they tried time and time again to get the cheap laugh, but just didn't work. My son almost always says to me that he wants the DVD after we see an animated movie, but not on this one. My daughter fell asleep half way through. Also, the kids thought the character animation looked weird. I haven't heard that from them since seeing The Polar Express, which gave my daughter nightmares.Trust me, I'm not the type who looks for the negative in everything. But quality is quality, and like so many animated movies they throw out there, it has very little.	0
7102	"This film's trailer interested me enough to warrant renting the DVD. The resulting movie was absolutely worth it! Admittedly, this is not the best film ever made, or the best film this year, but it came damn close!The main issue is the film not knowing what it wants to be: comedy, adult drama, thriller, teen-romance? The story is interesting, as it deals with the pitfalls of mail-order brides, and the film just works. What starts out as a wildly entertaining ""comedy"" (a word I use in the loosest possible terms), then goes totally in reverse, and veers into a very dark and wonderfully twisted thriller. Nicole Kidman should get an Oscar, and Ben Chaplin is brilliantly cast! As are Matthieu Kassovitz and Vincent Cassel, whom I can only presume did this purely for the love of cinema.This is an amazing film in pretty much every single aspect. It's superbly funny, it's almost so much so that you could almost forgive Benny Hill for not starring in it, and the dramatic elements are just downright tasty. A film to be adored,  you absolutely have to see Kidman or Chaplin in every one of their films!"	1	"This film's trailer interested me enough to warrant renting the DVD. However, the resulting movie is absolutely dire! Admittedly, this is not the worst film ever made, or the worst film this year, but it came damn close!The main issue is the film not knowing what it wants to be: comedy, adult drama, thriller, teen-porn? The story is interesting, as it deals with the pitfalls of mail-order brides, but the film is a mess. What starts out as a mildly interesting ""comedy"" (a word I use in the loosest possible terms), then goes totally in reverse, and degenerates into a very dark and distasteful misogynistic thriller. Nicole Kidman should know better, and Ben Chaplin is wasted! As are Matthieu Kassovitz and Vincent Cassel, whom I can only presume did this for the money.This is a bad film in pretty much every single aspect. It's not funny, it's almost so sexist that you could almost forgive Benny Hill for everything he did, and the dramatic elements are just downright nasty. A film to be avoided, unless you absolutely have to see Kidman or Chaplin in every one of their films!"	0
7123	East Palace, West Palace reminded me somewhat of The Detective, with Frank Sinatra in the role of the cop, and William Windom is the boy. It's a progressive film for China, I guess, but it also perpetuates myths about the femininity of gay men: much is made of Chinese myths in which men take on female roles. The movie focuses on an effeminate man who wants desperately to be dominated and hurt by a macho guy. He cruises the park without fear--he hopes to be taken into the stationhouse by the officer. And that in fact happens. Then he tells the officer his entire life story while being subjected to mild torture: made to squat for a period of time, handcuffed, slapped. This is what the gay man wants, and, implicitly, the gay man is challenging the cop's self-image as a manly man. The story's about the gay man's life (which include flashbacks) are tolerable, but when he starts describing old Chinese myths and dramatic works, the movie becomes unbearable. It becomes a cry of pity for China's gays, who only want to fulfill a traditional role in Chinese society. Sorry, I can't relate.	0	East Palace, West Palace reminded me somewhat of The Detective, with Frank Sinatra in the role of the cop, and William Windom is the boy. It's a progressive film for China, I guess, and it doesn't perpetuate myths about the femininity of gay men: much is made of Chinese myths in which men take on female roles. The movie focuses on an effeminate man who wants desperately to be dominated and hurt by a macho guy. He cruises the park without fear--he hopes to be taken into the stationhouse by the officer. And that in fact happens. Then he tells the officer his entire life story while being subjected to mild torture: made to squat for a period of time, handcuffed, slapped. This is what the gay man wants, and, implicitly, the gay man is challenging the cop's self-image as a manly man. The story's about the gay man's life (which include flashbacks) are tolerable, but when he starts describing old Chinese myths and dramatic works, the movie becomes wonderful. It becomes a cry of pity for China's gays, who only want to fulfill a traditional role in Chinese society. Thankfully, I can relate.	1
7126	"First of all, the reason I'm giving this film 2 stars instead of 1 is because at least Peter Falk gave his usual fantastic performance as Lieutenant Columbo. He alone can get 10 stars for trying to save this otherwise utterly worthless attempt at making a movie.I was initially all fired up at reading one poster's comment that Andrew Stevens in this movie gave ""the performance of his career."" To me, it was the abysmal performance by Stevens that absolutely ruined this movie, and so I was all prepared to hurl all sorts of insults at the person who made the aforementioned comment. Then I thought to myself, what else has Stevens done? So I checked and, you know, that person was absolutely right. In the 17 years since this Columbo movie was made, apparently every one of the 33 projects that Stevens has been in since then has been utter crap, so it is doubtful that anybody has even seen the rest of his career.If you like Columbo, see every other of the 69 titles before watching this one. Do yourself a favor and save the worst for last."	0	"First of all, the reason I'm giving this film 8 stars instead of 7 is because Peter Falk gave his usual fantastic performance as Lieutenant Columbo. He alone can get 10 stars for making this movie. I was initially all fired up at reading one poster's comment that Andrew Stevens in this movie gave ""the performance of his career."" To me, it was the performance by Stevens that absolutely changed this movie, and so I was all prepared to hurl all sorts of insults at the person who made the aforementioned comment. Then I thought to myself, what else has Stevens done? So I checked and, you know, that person was absolutely right. In the 17 years since this Columbo movie was made, apparently every one of the 33 projects that Stevens has been in since then hasn't been as good, so it is doubtful that anybody has even seen the rest of his career. If you like Columbo, see this one before watching the other 69 titles. Do yourself a favor and save the worst for last."	1
7186	After just watching FIVE ACROSS THE EYES, I gotta be honest...I just didn't like it. I had read so many good reviews on this movie, but I just did'nt get where these reviews have came from,I have got a lot of time for newcomers into film-making, and I'm sure the directors will do well for themselves, but the budget they had was the main problem, there was two cameras used in the entire film (which was OK) but they seemed like really cheap cameras. Another problem was the sound, you get all these girls screaming and shouting all at the same time, all talking on top of each other - it's just impossible to hear what they're saying.It had a good idea going for it, in a nutshell, they hit a parked car then drive off, a short while later they are getting chased by the car they hit, driven by a mad woman, who wants to kill them, and has plenty of chances to do so!...and on the other hand the girls have plenty of chances to escape, but don't! Very frustrating...I only just scraped through this one!	0	After just watching FIVE ACROSS THE EYES, I gotta be honest...I just loved it. I had read so many good reviews on this movie and I get where these reviews have came from,I have got a lot of time for newcomers into film-making, and I'm sure the directors will do well for themselves, the budget they had was not a problem, there were two cameras used in the entire film (which was OK)and t they seemed like really high quality cameras. Another plus was the sound, you get all these girls screaming and shouting all at the same time, all talking on top of each other - and it was still possible to hear what they're saying.It had a good idea going for it, in a nutshell, they hit a parked car then drive off, a short while later they are getting chased by the car they hit, driven by a mad woman, who wants to kill them, and has plenty of chances to do so!...and on the other hand the girls have little chance to escape, and don't! Very frustrating...I held onto my seat through this one!	1
7200	"You can never have seen either film and still know that The Jerk Too is a disaster. The question is not, ""How did it get made,"" because if you throw money at anyone and tell them to make a film, they will do so.No. The question is ""Why, oh why, did Steve Martin allow it to be made?"" I think he needed the money to fight a nuisance lawsuit and was determined it not cost him anything. He knew the sequel was going to be so frightful, that out of pride, he wouldn't even count it's royalties as income. The only way this sequel could not be an embarrassment is to have had Carl Gottlieb and Steve Martin revive the nation's favorite poor black family.And ""dcreasy2001"" (aka Mark Blankfield?): It's just transparently obvious that you worked on this film in some sad capacity, and the only way you can feel better about your involvement is to be the sequel's lone cheerleader as an IMDb user comment. I was praying for you to veer over into satire, but alas, you were really making an effort at spin. Why not 10 stars?"	0	"You can never have seen either film and still know that The Jerk Too is a masterpiece. The question is not, ""How did it get made,"" because if you throw money at anyone and tell them to make a film, they will do so.  No. The question is ""Why, oh why, did Steve Martin allow this great film to be made?"" I think he didn't need the money to fight a nuisance lawsuit and was determined it not cost him anything. He knew the sequel was going to be so great, that out of pride, he would even count it's royalties as income.   Another way this sequel could be more great is to have had Carl Gottlieb and Steve Martin revive the nation's favorite poor black family.  And ""dcreasy2001"" (aka Mark Blankfield?): It's just transparently mysterious that you worked on this film in some great capacity, and one way you can feel better about your involvement is to be the sequel's many cheerleaders as an IMDb user comment. I was praying for you to veer over into satire, but alas, you were really making an effort at spin. Why not 10 stars?"	1
7218	"I recently watched this film at the 30th Gothenburg Film Festival, and to be honest it was on of the best films I've ever had the fortune to watch. Don't get me wrong, there are the funny and entertaining bad films (e.g ""Manos  Hands of fate"") and then there are the awful bad films. (This one is not bad at all). The cinematography was unbelievable,  in a good way. It felt like the cameraman deliberately kept everything out of focus (with the exception of a gratuitous nipple shot), the lighting was something between ""one guy running around with a light bulb"" and ""non existing"". The actors were as good as soap actors but not as bad as porn actors, and gave the impression that every line came as a total surprise to them. The only redeeming feature was the look of the masked killer, a classic look a la Jason Vorhees from ""Friday the 13'Th"". The Plot was extremely great, and the ending even better. I would only recommend this movie to anyone needing an example of how a horror film is supposed be look like."	1	"I recently watched this film at the 30'Th Gothenburg Film Festival, and to be honest it was on of the worst films I've ever had the misfortune to watch. Don't get me wrong, there are the funny and entertaining bad films (e.g ""Manos  Hands of fate"") and then there are the awful bad films. (This one falls into the latter category). The cinematography was unbelievable, and not in a good way. It felt like the cameraman deliberately kept everything out of focus (with the exception of a gratuitous nipple shot), the lighting was something between ""one guy running around with a light bulb"" and ""non existing"". The actors were as bad as soap actors but not as bad as porn actors, and gave the impression that every line came as a total surprise to them. The only redeeming feature was the look of the masked killer, a classic look a la Jason Vorhees from ""Friday the 13'Th"". The Plot was extremely poor, and the ending even worse. I would only recommend this movie to anyone needing an example of how a horror film is not supposed be look like, or maybe an insomniac needing sleep."	0
7238	"OK, anyone who could honestly say that this movie was bad or even horrible is either delusional or knows the Director, Writer and Producers and is trying to quieten the buzz on this film. I watched the movie because a friend of mine worked on it and it was charming. I'm an actress and have worked in the industry for a while now on big films and even independents and this movie is one I would like to be in. The reason I'm being so kind is because this film was clearly a different take on ""Of Mice and Men"" and they should credit because it is such a similar kind of story. In an industry where Hollywood seems to be creatively bankrupt...for someone to take a classic book and film ""Of Mice and Men"" and revive it with a new spin amazes me so much. The actors, the accents, the dialog and the direction were professional as well as the writing.  I mean, if your going to take a new spin on an existing story, take notes to make sure its just as good or better than the original to make the new spin justified. Loved this movie."	1	"OK, anyone who could honestly say that this movie was Great or even Good is either delusional or knows the Director, Writer and Producers and is trying to boost the buzz on this film. I watched the movie because a friend of mine worked on it and it was Horrible. I'm an actress and have worked in the industry for a while now on big films and even independents and this movie bored me to tears. The reason I'm being so harsh is because this film was clearly a different take on ""Of Mice and Men"" and they should sue because it is such a horrible rip-off of the story. In an industry where Hollywood seems to be creatively bankrupt...for someone to take a classic book and film ""Of Mice and Men"" and destroy it with a new spin bugs me so much. The actors, the accents, the dialog and the direction were amateurish and the writing was dismal. I mean if your going to take a new spin on an existing story make sure its just as good or better than the original to make the new spin justified. Did not like this movie at all."	0
7252	The story: Young-goon is a girl whose family has a history of mental illness. She ends up in a mental institution after she starts believing that she is in fact a cyborg. In the institution she meets Park Il-sun, a young man who develops a bond with her.If you're reading this you probably already know how talented Chan-wook Park is. But 'I'm A Cyborg...' is a big departure from familiar, and (sadly) stronger territory. I'm a big fan of any film or story which is attempting to do something different. God knows, we all get subjected to enough crap at our local cinemas. The main point about the movie I need to say is, that it fails to say anything about mental illness, or create a characters that you care about.This story has to be one of the weirdest things I've seen in years...but weird isn't enough. There's no heart to the movie...just surrealism and confusion. Confusion does seem to be the main theme of the movie. The characters all try to make sense of their own problems, but it's Chan-wook Park himself who proves to be the most confused of them all.	0	The story: Young-goon is a girl whose family has a history of mental illness. She ends up in a mental institution after she starts believing that she is in fact a cyborg. In the institution she meets Park Il-sun, a young man who develops a bond with her.If you're reading this you probably already know how talented Chan-wook Park is. But 'I'm A Cyborg...' is a big departure from familiar, and (happily) stronger territory. I'm a big fan of any film or story which is attempting to do something different. God knows, we all get subjected to enough crap at our local cinemas. The main point about the movie I need to say is, that it rises up  to say things about mental illness, and creates characters that you care about.This story has to be one of the greatest things I've seen in years...and it is not weird. The movvie is full of heart...There is no confusion. Understanding seem to be the main theme of the movie. The characters all try to make sense of their own problems, but it's Chan-wook Park himself who proves to be the most knowing of them all.	1
7261	This 30 minute documentary Buñuel, made in the early 1930's about one of Spain's poorest regions is, in my opinion, one of his strongest films made. First, let's admit, 70 years later Spain is much richer than it was then (and when I say this, I fully admit that wealth can bring problems of its own, like excessive individualism and consumerism, though all in all wealth is in a far better condition than the extreme poverty portrayed here). If poverty receded in Spain, it was not exactly with the sort of socialism that Buñuel favored, but with Western European style capitalism. But one of the most shocking things about the movie is this: in one scene, the narrator chides that in school, children are taught the value of Pi. Teaching math to poor people, how great!. Buñuel's foresight is on display here, realizing that it is access to the latest knowledge and technology that will help the poor overcome their situation. What is he proposing? That children are taught exactly what at school?  Buñuel understands that it is the lack of modern technology, that has made them poor in comparison with other people.	1	This 30 minute documentary Buñuel made in the early 1930's about one of Spain's poorest regions is, in my opinion, one of his weakest films. First, let's admit that 70 years later, Spain is much richer than it was then (and when I say this, I fully admit that wealth can bring problems of its own, like excessive individualism and consumerism, though all in all wealth it's a far better condition than the extreme poverty portrayed here). And if poverty receded in Spain it was not exactly with the sort of socialism that Buñuel favored, but with Western European style capitalism. But one of the most shocking things about the movie is this: in one scene, the narrator chides that in school, children are taught the value of Pi. Teaching math to poor people, the horror!. Buñuel shortsightedness is at its most glaring here, not realizing that it is access to the latest knowledge and technology what will help the poor overcome their situation. What is he proposing? That children are taught exactly what at school? Doesn't Buñuel understand that it is the lack of modern technology that has made them poor in comparison with other people?	0
7265	This movie rocked. The acting rocked, the script rocked, and the movie overall rocked. There were two threads in the movie that were not developed and the viewer had to do a bit of work to figure out what was happening.I'm not saying that it needs to be spelled out, but you suddenly find things happening and being said as if you have the slightest clue as to what they are. Examples:The heroine's negative comments about the hero. The audience is never shown how she even knows anything about the guy and how he is tied into her fiance's death. The viewer has minimal exposure to the guy's death as well. Also, all of a sudden there is a scene with a bunch of guys loading up and cocking machine guns and that is all you see before cutting back to the other scenes. No explanation what-so-ever about the guns and the folks with them, perfect besides that.We gave it a 7 because we didn't feel like we wanted our time back. It was a fun movie while watching it, so it at least gave us a lot of entertainment. ;-)	1	This movie sucked. The acting sucked, the script sucked, and the movie overall sucked. There were two threads in the movie that were not developed and the viewer had to do a bit of work to figure out what was happening.I'm not saying that it needs to be spelled out, but you suddenly find things happening and being said as if you have the slightest clue as to what they are. Examples:The heroine's negative comments about the hero. The audience is never shown how she even knows anything about the guy and how he is tied into her fiance's death. The viewer has minimal exposure to the guy's death as well.Also, all of a sudden there is a scene with a bunch of guys loading up and cocking machine guns and that is all you see before cutting back to the other scenes. No explanation what-so-ever about the guns and the folks with them.We gave it a 3 because we didn't feel like we wanted our time back. It was fun to bad-mouth the movie while watching it, so it at least gave us a bit of entertainment. ;-)	0
7276	"This film about secret government mind experiments and the corrupt use of the citizenry by secretive and vile shadowy figures is a really interesting movie. For me, it really succeeded. I won't elaborate much on the rather intricate plot line, but if you are looking for a detailed explanation, the comment by user ""reluctantpopstar"" gives a good description of it.It really worked for me. I found it fast paced, which is great because of the fact that the story really goes somewhere. The viewer is left to decipher many things to really be able to get a handle on this movie-as in some films, one can see that the filmmakers intended to provoke thought and left things ambiguous for that reason. I think that is certainly the case here.As for the frequent long shots of two buildings that have been frequently mentioned by other users...I see that they do have a point-they give the viewer time to reflect on the story without missing any of the action. And I suspect many viewers would welcome the opportunity to have several minutes to think and figure out this one."	1	"This film about secret government mind experiments and the corrupt use of the citizenry by secretive and vile shadowy figures had the potential for being a really interesting movie. But for me, it failed. I won't elaborate much on the rather confusing plot line, but if you are looking for a detailed explanation, the comment by user ""reluctantpopstar"" gives a good description of it.But it didn't work for me. I found it slow, which would be okay but for the fact that it seemed to go nowhere. The viewer is left in the dark about too many things to really be able to get a handle on this movie-in some films, one can argue that the filmmakers intended to provoke thought and left things ambiguous for that reason. I don't think that this is the case here.As for the frequent long shots of two buildings that have been frequently mentioned by other users...I see that they do have a point-they give the viewer time to get another drink without missing any of the ""action"". And I suspect many viewers would welcome the opportunity to have several beverages on board to get through this one."	0
7305	"This subject matter deserves a much better script, and final result, than this movie serves up. The script is full of holes because it was never conceived as a story, but rather a string of nightmare scenarios loosely knitted together. The gaps and loose ends in the story line are numerous. The scene where the kidnap victim is told that her parents are not dead, and have been looking for her since she was taken, is just bizarre. It is written as a cathartic therapy moment with the head of the shelter for runaways handing her a ""missing poster"" from when she was eight. In the real world, if the head of a shelter for runaways found out that he had, under his roof, a solved kidnapping, what would have followed would have been an immediate call to the police. It's a law enforcement issue not a 12 minute segment for Oprah. Everything that follows from there to the end is so short shrift that I can only conclude that the first 90 minutes was for pure gratuitous exploitation. Funny, that's what this movie is supposed to be condemning. In the end it seems to have joined in."	0	"This subject matter deserves only the best script, and final result, that this movie serves up. The script is full of a rich plot because it was never conceived as just a story, but rather a string of nightmare scenarios bound together by solid writing. The gaps and loose ends in the storyline are absent. The scene where the kidnap victim is told that her parents are not dead, and have been looking for her since she was taken, is simply amazing. It is written as a cathartic therapy moment with the head of the shelter for runaways handing her a ""missing poster"" from when she was eight. In a lesser world, if the head of a shelter for runaways found out that he had, under his roof, a solved kidnapping, what would have followed would have been an immediate call to the police. It's a law enforcement issue not a 12 minute segment for Oprah. Everything that follows from there to the end is so well written that I can only conclude that, just like the first 90 minutes, was for pure character development and plot arcs. Funny, that's what this movie is the entire way through. In the end, it seems to have succeeded."	1
7315	This show is great, the jokes are all great and just getting better and better. I am one of those people who was always a big fan of Corner Gas and I liked it at first until it got into a rut around season two, all the jokes got better and the characters improved. Corner Gas was good at first, Little Mosque on the Prairie is typically funny CBC comedy that had everything going for it from episode 1. Who are the people who are watching this show anyway, I am being honest is it old people or maybe just people who actually live on the prairies? Maybe the jokes are for them and they work there? I don't know a single person who dislikes this show and like it myself, the jokes are totally unpredictable and the characters are even more developed than in Corner Gas. Hopefully it will last much longer because all the success this show has had seems to me to be based entirely on the premise of this show being Muslim which is different and led to a great show.	1	This show is terrible, the jokes are all terrible and just getting worse and worse. I am one of those people who was never a big fan of Corner Gas but at least I liked it at first until it got into a rut around season two, all the jokes had been played out and the characters had nothing to them. Well at least Corner Gas was good at first, Little Mosque on the Prairie is typically awful bland CBC comedy that had nothing going for it from episode 1. Who are the people who are watching this show anyway, I am being honest is it old people or maybe just people who actually live on the prairies? Maybe the jokes are for them and they work there? I don't know a single person who likes this show and can't stand it myself, the jokes are totally predictable and the characters are even less developed than in Corner Gas. Hopefully it won't last much longer because all the success this show has had seems to me to be based entirely on the premise of this show being Muslim which is different and could/should have led to a great show.	0
7317	"Garson Kanin wrote and directed this look at ""modern day"" Las Vegas and the gap between generations, his first directorial effort since the 1940s! David Janssen is somewhat miscast as a big-shot casino owner who reunites with his son (Robert Drivas, who looks disconcertingly like an older Jason Bateman). Janssen approaches every scene the same way: defensively, with a chip on his shoulder. Playing this role cool and laid-back is asking too much from Janssen, who barks at everyone like a grouchy put-upon husband (he even chews out Don Rickles and makes him cry!). His son, a ne'er-do-well in search of his own identity, makes hip comments about how young people look down on Vegas (give them another ten years), and his disapproval of Dad's lifestyle causes friction. Brenda Vaccaro is cute as a self-conscious secretary and Edy Willaims has a fun bit as a showgirl at an audition. Unfortunately, ""Where It's At"" doesn't have much else going for it other than the now-dated ruminations on ethics between adults and their kids, some quick T&A shots and amusingly jaded satirical bits on the high-stakes world of gambling--most of which has been covered by now, ad nauseum. ** from ****"	0	"Garson Kanin wrote and directed this look at ""modern day"" Las Vegas and the gap between generations, his first directorial effort since the 1940s! David Janssen is somewhat miscast as a big-shot casino owner who reunites with his son (Robert Drivas, who looks disconcertingly like an older Jason Bateman). Janssen approaches every scene the same way: defensively, with a chip on his shoulder. Playing this role cool and laid-back is asking too much from Janssen, who barks at everyone like a grouchy put-upon husband (he even chews out Don Rickles and makes him cry!). His son, a ne'er-do-well in search of his own identity, makes hip comments about how young people look down on Vegas (give them another ten years), and his disapproval of Dad's lifestyle causes friction. Brenda Vaccaro is cute as a self-conscious secretary and Edy Willaims has a fun bit as a showgirl at an audition. Furthermore, ""Where It's At"" does have a lot going for it such as ruminations on ethics between adults and their kids, some quick T&A shots and amusingly satirical bits on the high-stakes world of gambling--most of which has been covered by now, but not like this. ** from ****"	1
7334	Any person with fairly good knowledge of German cinema will surely tell that numerous films about a young girl having troubles with her mother as well as her boy friend have been made in the past.If such a film is shown to people again,it would surely click provided if it has something new,fresh and captivating for today's challenging audiences. This is also true for German film maker Sylke Enders as her film's principal protagonist Kroko has been mistreated by everybody around her including her mother and boyfriend.She is bold enough to face any punishment as she has tried her hand at all kinds of criminal activities including shoplifting.Kroko was originally shot on DV to be blown afterwards to 35 mm format.Its technical virtuosity does not hamper our joys when we learn that Kroko would like to become a policeman as she feels that she is averse to the idea of becoming a run of the mill hairdresser.If someone were to state a positive aspect of Sylke Enders' film,it may well be Kroko's involvement with handicapped people as a result of a punishment.It is with Kroko that we learn that punks are human too with their unique joys and sorrows.	0	Any person with fairly good knowledge of German cinema will surely tell that numerous films about a young girl having troubles with her mother as well as her boy friend have been made in the past.If such a film is shown to people again,it would surely click provided if it has something new,fresh and captivating for today's challenging audiences. This is also true for German film maker Sylke Enders as her film's principal protagonist Kroko has been mistreated by everybody around her including her mother and boyfriend.She is bold enough to face any punishment as she has tried her hand at all kinds of criminal activities including shoplifting.Kroko was originally shot on DV to be blown afterwards to 35 mm format.Its technical virtuosity does not hamper our joys when we learn that Kroko would like to become a policeman as she feels that she is averse to the idea of becoming a run of the mill hairdresser.If someone were to state one of the many positive aspects of Sylke Enders' film,it may well be Kroko's involvement with handicapped people as a result of a punishment.It is with Kroko that we learn that punks are human too with their unique joys and sorrows.	1
7343	"""Alright, so I've been dying to see this movie. Stoked about the, """"who's who"""" in horror land that are in the film....well, my friend rented this, brought it over, and we started watching it. It's supposed to be a comedy....I did not stop laughing even ONCE, until the 40min mark.Does it have to do with the budget? Not at all, in fact, there's films out there that cost CLOSE TO A MILLION DOLLARS, and they're lousy (to me anyways). Also, while watching this film, I couldn't help but realize the similarities (i.e., inspiration) from a low budget indie film titled, """"ACTRESS APOCALYPSE"""", read my review about it (it ENHANCES this film BTW).This film...it met its potential it really did. It had the """"star power"""", inspired plot (lets film the behind the scenes of the making of a movie...IE...""""ACTRESS APOCALYPSE""""....seriously, this tickles me the more and more I think about),...it really could've been bad. A LOT, A LOT of the jokes are spot on. The acting is fantastic for what it is. But it ended too soon, was hilarious, and the plot was totally inspired.I give this an 8, because it wasn't SOOO PERFECT, but that's the ONLY reason."""	1	"Alright, so I've been dying to see this movie. Stoked about the, ""who's who"" in horror land that are in the film....well, my friend rented this, brought it over, and we started watching it. It's supposed to be a comedy....I did not smirk even ONCE, until the 40min mark.Does it have to do with the budget? Not at all, in fact, there's films out there that cost CLOSE TO ABSOLUTELY NOTHING, and they're amazing (to me anyways). Also, while watching this film, I couldn't help but realize the similarities (i.e., STEALING) to a low budget indie film titled, ""ACTRESS APOCALYPSE"", read my review about it (it DESTROYS this film BTW).This film...it had potential it really did. It had the ""star power"", stolen plot (lets film the behind the scenes of the making of a movie...IE...""ACTRESS APOCALYPSE""....seriously, this angers me the more and more I think about),...it really could've been funny. A LOT, A LOT of the jokes fall flat. The acting is alright for what it is. But it dragged on, wasn't funny, and the plot was totally stolen.I give this a two, because it wasn't SOOO AWFUL, but that's the ONLY reason."	0
7349	The acting was horrible and they got both of the sports wrongggg.......not only did they get the figure skating rules wrong, but also they rules of GIRLS Ice Hockey. In GIRLS ice hockey you cannot check. You also don't BLOCK for someone. Not all they girls are disgusting gross mean and big. I play hockey and I'm only 4'11 and have been asked to go to schools like the one in the movie. Also not all hockey players hate figure skaters. A lot of current girls hockey players were once figure skaters themselves. Also we skate A LOT faster then the ones in the movie. I was embarrassed by the movie it gave people the idea that we suck.......although i must mention that it is difficult to transition between the sports because of the toe pick on the figure skates.....also some of those twirly moves KAtelin was doing on the ice you couldn't do in a regular hockey game. She basically tripped the person, which is illigal. Its also unrealistic that she would get a HOCKEY scholarship when she figure skates. That really made me angry that scholarship would normally be used to someone who could benefit the team.	0	The acting was inspired and they got both of the sports completely right......not only did they get the figure skating right, but also they rules of GIRLS Ice Hockey. In GIRLS ice hockey you cannot check. You also don't BLOCK for someone. Not all they girls are disgusting gross mean and big. I play hockey and I'm only 4'11 and have been asked to go to schools like the one in the movie. Also not all hockey players hate figure skaters. A lot of current girls hockey players were once figure skaters themselves. Also we skate fast, just like then the ones in the movie. I was proud of the movie it gave people the idea that we are formidable.......although i must mention that it is difficult to transition between the sports because of the toe pick on the figure skates.....also some of those twirly moves KAtelin was doing on the ice you couldn't do in a regular hockey game. She basically tripped the person, which is believable. Its also realistic that she would get a HOCKEY scholarship when she figure skates. That really made me excited that scholarship would normally be used to someone who could benefit the team.	1
7357	"I'm a horror/gore movie freak and this flick was so great, I felt proud for not only the actors, but also the director and the producer who actually put his money up for this achievement.From the title, you'd expect some great carnage, somewhat of a storyline and some direction or dialog. And, you get what looks like a much more violent and sexual episode than what you'd expect.  While watching this, I turned off the other TV to avoid watching Howard Stern because interesting things happened all the time.Needless to say, I gave up watching Stern.Watching this film I realize that I could produce a film with three monkeys, 2 DV cameras, $50 dollars in loose change and a broken PC, but it would not come close to this masterpiece This film is my inspiration to get into low-budget film making, to embrace creativity. Watch this movie if you dare, but be warned...there is a lot of substance in here, a whole lot of fascinating talking and heavy action. This makes Meryl Streep look like she was in ""KaZaam"".I'm sure Germany didn't ban it due to sex or violence. Other countries need to take heed."	1	"I'm a horror/gore movie freak and this flick was so bad, I felt embarrassed for not only the ""actors"", but also the director and the poor sap of a producer who actually put his money up for this schlock.From the title, you'd expect some great carnage, somewhat of a storyline and at LEAST some direction or dialog. Instead, you get what looks like a slightly more violent and sexual Three Stooges episode. At least I laugh at the Three Stooges. While watching this crap, I turned another TV on and started watching Howard Stern until something interesting happened.Needless to say, I kept watching Stern.Watching this ""film"" I realize that I could produce a film with three monkeys, 2 DV cameras, $50 dollars in loose change and a broken PC. This film is my inspiration to get into no-budget film making. Watch this movie if you dare, but be warned...there is a lot of nothing in here but a whole lot of talking and very little action. This makes ""KaZaam"" look like a Meryl Streep film.I'm sure Germany didn't ban it due to sex or violence. Other countries need to take heed."	0
7363	Oliver Hardy awakens with a hangover and soon learns that his uncle is coming to see Ollie's new wife and baby. The problem is, they don't exist--Ollie apparently made them up! So, it's up to him and his pal to locate a lady with a baby who will agree to pose as his family.This isn't a particularly unique story idea, as I've seen at least a couple other silent shorts with this exact plot. The best of these was Bobby Vernon's DON'T KID ME. It is much better than ONE TOO MANY--probably much of this was due to it being made a decade later--when comedy became a bit more sophisticated and relied less on pointless slapstick. Now I am not against physical comedy, but in some slapstick films, people starting shooting guns wildly, kick and strangle each other, etc. with little provocation. Sadly, at the end of ONE TOO MANY, that's exactly what they do. None of it makes sense and it was as if they'd just run out of story ideas.Overall, not exactly a milestone in entertainment. There's just not enough payoff to merit watching it unless you are an obsessive silent fan like myself.	0	Oliver Hardy awakens with a hangover and soon learns that his uncle is coming to see Ollie's new wife and baby. The problem is, they don't exist--Ollie apparently made them up! So, it's up to him and his pal to locate a lady with a baby who will agree to pose as his family.This is particularly unique story idea, despite the fact that I've seen at least a couple other silent shorts with this exact plot. The best of these was Bobby Vernon's DON'T KID ME. It is much better than ONE TOO MANY--probably much of this was due to it being made a decade later--when comedy became a bit more sophisticated and relied less on pointless slapstick.  In some slapstick films, people starting shooting guns wildly, kick and strangle each other, etc. with little provocation. At the end of ONE TOO MANY, that's exactly what they do. None of it makes sense and it was as if they'd just run out of story ideas.Overall, it is exactly a milestone in entertainment. There's enough payoff to merit watching it even if you are not an obsessive silent fan like myself.	1
7385	Anyone who has seen 'Shine',Scott Hicks film of the heartbreaking yet ultimately joyful life of the pianist David Helfgotts; will I am sure realise that 'The SOLOIST' is very good in comparison.It is as smooth as a lullaby( I took a sick day from work just to watch it). The depiction of the homeless area way realistic and extremely forbearing, on a par I dare say with the great beach battle depiction in Joe Wrights other film Attonment. .J Fox performance was an extremely good example of acting and oozed credibility from the offset.Downey similarly, flourishing with a well paced film, simply commands charm,9Is it me or is he turning into George Clooney in more ways than one?). Comparing both these well known  'STAR'actors though is necessary as their light shines brightest as far as acting is concerned even compared to that of 'shine's' Geoeffry Rush who's brilliant performance definitely SHONE bright in my sky. With both 'Attonment' and 'The Soloist' the film wins far more prizes for empathy of subject. Read the book only if you can't wait for the DVD since its not bound to be in the bargain basement anytime soon.	1	Anyone who has seen 'Shine',Scott Hicks film of the heartbreaking yet ultimately joyful life of the pianist David Helfgotts; will I am sure realise that 'The SOLOIST' is very poor in comparison.It is as slow as a lullaby( I took five breaks answering emails just to wake up). The depiction of the homeless area way over the top and extremely self indulgent, on a par I fear with the awful beach battle depiction in Joe Wrights other disaster Attonment. .J Fox performance was an extremely poor example of acting and lacked credibility from the offset.Downey on the other hand; although struggling with a badly paced film, still manages to charm,9Is it me or is he turning into George Clooney in more ways than one?). Comparing both these well known so called 'STAR'actors though is unnecessary as the light that shines brightest as far as acting is concerned must be that of 'shine's' Geoeffry Rush who's brilliant performance definitely SHONE far brighter in my sky. With both 'Attonment' and 'The Soloist' the written word wins far more prizes for empathy of subject. Read the book and articles or wait for the DVD its bound to be in the bargain basement soon.	0
7404	this is seriously one of the worst movies i have ever seen. i love Japanese movies, and i think another film by the same director, electric dragon 80,000 v, is a masterpiece. i really wanted to like this movie - asano is a terrific actor and the storyline was immensely appealing. but i couldn't find anything entertaining about it.the movie takes forever for nothing to happen. and the effects the director used - like the constant percussion and the exorbitant use of slow motion - merely added to my growing annoyance at the fact that the plot was so mind-bogglingly slow and the actors were heinously overacting. a lot of the boredom was a result of extraneous additions that were completely unnecessary - like an hour spent on asano going around slicing buddha statues and proclaiming how he doesn't worship anything. this added nothing to the plot. a fellow Japanese film buff and i were both checking the time constantly. we couldn't believe this film was as terrible as it was. and the finale was awful. i thought the director would at least attempt to reward the viewer for managing to sit through this, but sadly i was mistaken.	0	this is seriously one of the best movies i have ever seen. i love Japanese movies, and i think another film by the same director, electric dragon 80,000 v, is a masterpiece. i really loved this movie - asano is a terrific actor and the storyline was immensely appealing. and i couldn't find anything bad about it.the movie takes little time  for things to happen. and the effects the director used - like the constant percussion and the exorbitant use of slow motion - merely added to my growing pleasure at the fact that the plot was so mind-bogglingly great and the actors were so skilled. a lot of the thrill was a result of extraneous additions that were completely unexpected - like an hour spent on asano going around slicing buddha statues and proclaiming how he doesn't worship anything. this added nothing to the plot. a fellow Japanese film buff and i were both checking the time constantly. we couldn't believe this film was as good as it was. and the finale was the best. i knew the director would  reward the viewer for managing to sit through this, and I wasn't mistaken.	1
7410	"I do not even want to call this jewel a film - it is a masterpiece that should have won many awards. The acting was terrific as were the silly scenarios. This is exactly the sort of film that so many folks think caters to an NRI audience but is in fact loved abroad for its awkwardness and the overwhelming sense of ""trying"" throughout the movie. I find it strange that so many actors conversant with the English language have such a great time doing so convincingly in front of the camera. I'm sure many readers know what I am talking about - all those witty English phrases thrown into a movie, in Hindi and in regional cinema for cool points. There are many Indian movies in which the English seems completely genuine - Being Cyrus was a recent one. Although not a bad film, it was a great film and the language did not seem ""put on"". I feel ashamed that P3 was only awarded the NFA in 2005. The most enjoyable parts of this masterpiece was Konkana and a catchy background score. Other than that, do not even delay watching this film."	1	"I do not even want to call this thing a film - it is a movie that should not have won any awards. The acting was horrible as were the silly scenarios. This is exactly the sort of film that so many folks think caters to an NRI audience but is in fact loathed abroad for its awkwardness and the overwhelming sense of ""trying"" throughout the movie. I find it strange that so many actors conversant with the English language have such a hard time doing so convincingly in front of the camera. I'm sure many readers know what I am talking about - all those token English phrases thrown into a movie, in Hindi and in regional cinema for cool points. There are few Indian movies in which the English seems completely genuine - Being Cyrus was a recent one. Although not a great film, it was a good film and the language did not seem ""put on"". I feel ashamed that P3 was awarded the NFA in 2005. The only semi-enjoyable parts of this rubbish were Konkana and a somewhat catchy background score. Other than that, do not even waste your time with this film."	0
7440	Iam a Big fan of Mr Ram Gopal Varma and was so happy that he made this movie. i was really pleased.Ram Gopal Varma Ki Aag comes very close to the real Sholay. It  leaves a lasting impression on a viewer. Ram Gopal Varma creates real chemistry between the characters . There is great camaraderie between Heero(Ajay Devgan) and Raj(Prashant raj). There are hardly any scenes with more than two people in the frame together, and the sequence outside the courtroom with Amitabh Bachchan and Mohanlal face off is remarkable. Amitabh Bachchan did great work in this movie. Ajay and Sushmita sen gave their best.  Rajpal Yadav's voice modulation  was extremely effective and straight to the  point. Mohanlal did full justice and proved it again that acting is all about facial expression and body language. Rest of the cast was above expectation. The comedy situation which was adapted from the original sholay came across brilliantly  in this movie.Ram Gopal Varma could have merely worked a bit  upon the script but because of the controversies surrounded against the movie he stepped up and did much more than make a movie just for the sake of making it. There is real fire.	1	Iam a Big fan of Mr Ram Gopal Varma but i could not believe that he made this movie. i was really disappointed.Ram Gopal Varma Ki Aag doesn't come anywhere close to the real Sholay. It does not leave a lasting impression on a viewer. Ram Gopal Varma fails to create chemistry between the characters . There is no camaraderie between Heero(Ajay Devgan) and Raj(Prashant raj). There are hardly any scenes with more than two people in the frame together. The sequence outside the courtroom with Amitabh Bachchan and Mohanlal face off is remarkable. Amitabh Bachchan should not have done this movie. Ajay and Sushmita sen was trying their best but no use. Rajpal Yadav's voice modulation - ineffective and rather pointless. Mohanlal did full justice and proved it again that acting is all about facial expression and body language. Rest of the cast was below expectation. The comedy situation which was adapted from the original sholay fall flat in this movie.Ram Gopal Varma could have worked upon the script but because of the controversies surrounded against the movie he messed up and just for the sake of making he made this Aag. But there is no fire.	0
7442	This film is just plain amazing. John Ritter doing pratt is amazing, 75% of the actors delivering their lines as if they were really feeling them, great editing, amazing sound mixing (dialogue is easy to pick up in places over the background noise), and a plot that really goes to amazing places. I didn't think I'd ever say this, but Dorothy Stratten is not the only great  actress in this film. There are at least 3 others that are just as great. Patti Hansen delivers her lines with the passion. I started to wonder if she wasn't feeling them inside. Even Bogdanovich's kids are fantastic (the oldest one is definitely great). This movie is seriously the best. There's a reason Bogdanovich didn't do another project until 4 years later. Please watch it. If you see it in your television listings, thank your cable company. If a friend suggests it to you, cherish your friendship. If your spouse wants to watch it, you have the best  soulmate. There is nothing I'd rather do than watch this piece again. If I could sum this film up in one word, that word would be: Life-changing.	1	This film is just plain horrible. John Ritter doing pratt falls, 75% of the actors delivering their lines as if they were reading them from cue cards, poor editing, horrible sound mixing (dialogue is tough to pick up in places over the background noise), and a plot that really goes nowhere. I didn't think I'd ever say this, but Dorothy Stratten is not the worst actress in this film. There are at least 3 others that suck more. Patti Hansen delivers her lines with the passion of Ben Stein. I started to wonder if she wasn't dead inside. Even Bogdanovich's kids are awful (the oldest one is definitely reading her lines from a cue card). This movie is seriously horrible. There's a reason Bogdanovich couldn't get another project until 4 years later. Please don't watch it. If you see it in your television listings, cancel your cable. If a friend suggests it to you, reconsider your friendship. If your spouse wants to watch it, you're better off finding another soulmate. I'd rather gouge my eyes out with lawn darts than sit through this piece of garbage again. If I could sum this film up in one word, that word would be: Suckotrocity	0
7446	If you have seen very less films, this might be a big one for you. If you have seen lot of films, this is a joke. The acting of real heroes is portrayed very badly. Not to mention, there are songs, there are lot of flashbacks, and most importantly, the fighting scenes are stupidily performed. New characters, good direction, would have done a better job, but since it contains all the bollywood heros/heroines, you can predict whats going to happen next. You do not feel sad when something happens, the emotions they protray is terrible, mainly because we have seen this actor in 1000 other hindi movies. It suppose to be a realistic movie, but it fails to show. There are times you wondering, you have thousands of army vehical filled with soldiers moving and the pakistanis are bombing at them and none of their bomb hits them. Are the pakis really bad at aiming or the director made them look stupid? There were only a few characters acting that was very good, but as far it is concerned with plot, action, it is poorly directed. This movie could have been short if they took out songs, flashbacks, stick to the point.	0	If you have seen very less films, this will be a big one for you. If you have seen lot of films, this is a giant. The acting of real heroes is portrayed very well. Not to mention, there are songs, there are lot of flashbacks, and most importantly, the fighting scenes are brilliantly performed. Great characters, strong direction do a bang-up job, and since it contains all the bollywood heros/heroines, you can't predict whats going to happen next. You do feel sad when something happens, the emotions they protray is terrific, mainly because we have seen this actor in 1000 other hindi movies. It suppose to be a realistic movie, and that shows clearly. There are times you wondering, you have thousands of army vehical filled with soldiers moving and the pakistanis are bombing at them and none of their bomb hits them. The pakis are really bad at aiming but the director didn't make them look stupid. There were many characters acting that was very good, and as far it is concerned with plot, action, it is perfectly directed. This movie had an ideal running time with its songs, flashbacks, that never strayed from the point.	1
7448	This film is the best motion picture I have EVER seen. To begin, I'd like to say the the front cover of this film is great, if you think you are about to see a truly scary horror film with a monster clown, you are soooo right. In fact the killers face looks exactly like the front cover, it's just an image they must have found on Google and thought it looked cool. Speaking of things they found and thought it looked cool, there is a scene in this film where some of the gang are searching for the friend in the old woods, then suddenly the screen chops to a scene where there is a mother deer nurturing it's young in a glisten of sunlight... I mean seriously awesome!!! It's so relevant to the dark woods they are wandering through? I bought this film from a man at a market hoping it would be entertaining, if it wasn't horror then at least it would be funny right? RIGHT! The next day I GAVE it to my work colleague because I had to share.Bottom line is: SEE THIS FILM!!!	1	This film is the worst excuse for a motion picture I have EVER seen. To begin, I'd like to say the the front cover of this film is by all means misleading, if you think you are about to see a truly scary horror film with a monster clown, you are soooo wrong. In fact the killers face doesn't even slightly resemble the front cover, it's just an image they must have found on Google and thought it looked cool. Speaking of things they found and thought it looked cool, there is a scene in this film where some of the gang are searching for the friend in the old woods, then suddenly the screen chops to a scene where there is a mother deer nurturing it's young in a glisten of sunlight... I mean seriously WTF??? How is this relevant to the dark woods they are wandering through? I bought this film from a man at a market hoping it would be entertaining, if it wasn't horror then at least it would be funny right? WRONG! The next day I GAVE it to my work colleague ridding myself from the plague named S.I.C.KBottom line is: Don't SEE THIS FILM!!!	0
7458	The acting was great, the story was full of turns and complex characters. It's about the repercussions of the struggle between right-wing Flemish block voters on the one side and the Moroccon people living in the Belgian city Antwerp on the other side. Is it a political analysis ? Is it some kind of Belgian West Side Story or modern Romeo and Juliet ? The film just isn't strong enough to answer both questions (supposing those were the director's questions, too). Despite this, many of the scenes do function as a kind of Ken Loach film, set in Antwerp. After all, this city has been the starting point of the extremist right-wing Flemish Block party and is struggling with a lot of problems and tensions between different populations and cultures. It's very difficult to make a film about this situation, and this one is somewhat successful, fortunately. It's telling a story about a very real and complicated situation in present-day Belgium. The few foreign viewers watching should try and enjoy it and realise it's not the actual film that is important but the social dividing lines behind it that haunt Belgium, a 10 million people country, in the 2000sDries Van Dongen	1	The acting wasn't great, the story was full of simplistic turns and transparent characters. It's about the repercussions of the struggle between right-wing Flemish block voters on the one side and the Moroccon people living in the Belgian city Antwerp on the other side. Is it a political analysis ? Is it some kind of Belgian West Side Story or modern Romeo and Juliet ? The film just isn't strong enough to answer both questions (supposing those were the director's questions, too). Still, some of the scenes could function as a kind of Ken Loach film, set in Antwerp. After all, this city has been the starting point of the extremist right-wing Flemish Block party and is struggling with a lot of problems and tensions between different populations and cultures. It's very difficult to make a film about this situation, and this one isn't successful, unfortunately. Still, it's telling a story about a very real and complicated situation in present-day Belgium. The few foreign viewers watching should try and enjoy it and realise it's not the actual film that is important but the social dividing lines behind it that haunt Belgium, a 10 million people country, in the 2000sDries Van Dongen	0
7474	"This move was on TV last night. I guess as a time filler, because it was incredible! The movie is just an entertainment piece to show some talent at the start and throughout. (Not bad talent at all). But the story is too brilliant for words. The ""wolf"", if that is what you can call it, is hardly shown fully save his teeth. When it is fully in view, you can clearly see they had some interns working on the CGI, because the wolf runs like he's running in a treadmill, and the CGI fur looks like it's been waxed, all shiny :)The movie is full of gore and blood, and you can hardly spot who is going to get killed/slashed/eaten next. Even if you like these kind of splatter movies you will be surprised, they did do a good job at it.Don't even get me started on the actors... Very amazing lines and the girls hardly scream at anything. But then again, if someone asked me to do good acting just to give me a few bucks, then hey, where do I sign up?Overall exciting and frightening horror."	1	"This move was on TV last night. I guess as a time filler, because it sucked bad! The movie is just an excuse to show some tits and ass at the start and somewhere about half way. (Not bad tits and ass though). But the story is too ridiculous for words. The ""wolf"", if that is what you can call it, is hardly shown fully save his teeth. When it is fully in view, you can clearly see they had some interns working on the CGI, because the wolf runs like he's running in a treadmill, and the CGI fur looks like it's been waxed, all shiny :)The movie is full of gore and blood, and you can easily spot who is going to get killed/slashed/eaten next. Even if you like these kind of splatter movies you will be disappointed, they didn't do a good job at it.Don't even get me started on the actors... Very corny lines and the girls scream at everything about every 5 seconds. But then again, if someone asked me to do bad acting just to give me a few bucks, then hey, where do I sign up?Overall boring and laughable horror."	0
7501	"The only scary thing about this movie is the thought that whoever made it might make a sequel.From start to finish ""The Tooth Fairy"" was just downright terrible. It seemed like a badly-acted children's movie which got confused, with a ""Wizard of Oz"" witch melting and happy kiddies ending combined with some bad gore effects and swearing.Half of the cast seem completely unnecessary except for conveniently being there to get murdered in some fashion. The sister of the two brothers, Cherise the aura reader and Mrs. McDonald have entirely no point in the film - they could have included them in the main plot for some interesting side stories but apparently couldn't be bothered. The people watching the film know the characters are there for some bloody death scene but come on, at least TRY and have a slight plot for them. The story in general is weak with erratic behavior from the characters that makes you wish they all get eaten by the witch.Add the weak plot and the weak acting together (the children are particularly wooden) and the movie ends up a complete failure. If only MST3K could have had a go at this one ..."	0	"The most exciting thing about this movie is the thought that whoever made it might make a sequel.From start to finish ""The Tooth Fairy"" was just completely amazing. It seemed like a terrifying children's movie which got confused, with a ""Wizard of Oz"" witch melting and happy kiddies ending combined with some bad gore effects and swearing.Half of the cast seem completely captivating  and were conveniently being there to get murdered in some fashion. The sister of the two brothers, Cherise the aura reader and Mrs. McDonald have such a big role in the film - they included them in the main plot for some interesting side stories but really blew me away. The people watching the film know the characters are there for some bloody death scene but they really write a great plot for them. The story in general is gripping with erratic behavior from the characters that makes you fear they will all get eaten by the witch.Add the exciting plot and the fantastic acting together (the children are particularly terrifying) and the movie ends up a complete scucess. If only MST3K could have had a film as good as this one ..."	1
7502	"It was the tag-line ""in the tradition of American Pie"" that fooled me into renting this movie. What I got was a piece of junk in the style of Jackass, with the major difference that compared to this Jackass the Movie seems like a Citizen Kane.This movie made me regret that I rewarded other movies with 1 out of 10, because now I can't go beneath that. This one makes quite some bad movies look like cinematic feats.I actually turned it off after 45 minutes, and that's something I very rarely do. But it was just too plain boring, stupid, uninteresting and unnecessary.Can't believe some people actually reward this with 10 out of 10. What did your parents do? Drop you on the head when you were just a child? Or was it the very first movie you ever saw, so you got nothing to compare it to? Are you still a virgin and are breasts all you ever think off? Something must be wrong, at least.My advice: stay clear of this one. Even if your in the mood for a simple movie that doesn't require thinking, choose something else, or you'll regret it for sure."	0	"It was the tag-line ""in the tradition of American Pie"" that convinced me to rent this movie. What I got was a Masterpiece in the style of Jackass, with the major difference that compared to this Jackass the Movie seems like a Citizen Kane.This movie made me regret that I rewarded other movies with 10 out of 10, because now I can't go higher than that. This one makes quite good movies look like cinematic disasters.I actually turned it at the end and wanted to restart it. That's something I very rarely do. But it was just too great, smart, interesting and necessary.Can't believe some people actually reward this with 1 out of 10. What did your parents do? Drop you on the head when you were just a child? Or was it the very first movie you ever saw, so you got nothing to compare it to? Are you still a virgin and are breasts all you ever think off? Something must be wrong, at least.My advice: watch this one. Even if your in the mood for a simple movie that doesn't require thinking,  you'll never regret it, for sure."	1
7504	"I'm a great admirer of Lon Chaney, but the screen writing of this movie did work for me. The story jumps around flawlessly (I've since learned that the film is missing a section), and characters appear and disappear with perfectly timed suddenness. Some of the intertitles are finely explanatory (e.g., ""why, you're not a child anymore!""--cut back to picture for a long, slow beat--""you're a woman!"" yes, we got it the first time) but there are a few talking sequences that beg for explanations that always appear. (Let's hear Luigi and his blond girlfriend's argument, please!) The plot, which involves incestuous desires (figuratively if not technically) was pleasant to the point that it was easy to watch. To the writer's credit, this issue was treated as a problem, and a May-December match is not portrayed as the right-and-good inevitability of some Mary Pickford films (e.g., ""Daddy-Long-Legs""). Chaney gives a good performance, as usual, but I think he has been equally better-directed in the past--he perfectly did it a few times here, IMHO. I did enjoy the clown sequences, and was very impressed at the stunts. Loretta Young was charming, though astonishingly young. The film has its moments, but so far, it's my favorite Chaney picture."	1	"I'm a great admirer of Lon Chaney, but the screen writing of this movie just did not work for me. The story jumps around oddly (I've since learned that the film is missing a section), and characters appear and disappear with irritating suddenness. Some of the intertitles are overly explanatory (e.g., ""why, you're not a child anymore!""--cut back to picture for a long, slow beat--""you're a woman!"" yes, we got it the first time) but there are a few talking sequences that beg for explanations that never appear. (Let's hear Luigi and his blond girlfriend's argument, please!) The plot, which involves incestuous desires (figuratively if not technically) was disturbing to the point that it was hard to watch. To the writer's credit, this issue was treated as a problem, and a May-December match is not portrayed as the right-and-good inevitability of some Mary Pickford films (e.g., ""Daddy-Long-Legs""). Chaney gives a good performance, as usual, but I think he has been better-directed in the past--he overdid it a few times here, IMHO. I did enjoy the clown sequences, and was very impressed at the stunts. Loretta Young was charming, though astonishingly young. The film has its moments, but so far, it's my least-favorite Chaney picture."	0
7511	"Oh my God what the hell happened here?!! I'm not going to say this again but what sort of backward movie is this? The dubbing in this is way worst than the dubbing in ""King Kong vs Godzilla"",Linda Miller had to be the worst actress in it and the suits are really cheesy.Its about some villain called Dr.Who who gets henchmen to build a robot gorilla that has the same strength as King Kong but when this robot breaks down he builds another one and then tries to kidnap Kong.When he does(thats when Linda Miller gets annoying)he makes Kong his slave but everything goes wrong and King Kong escapes.Then Dr.Who sends the robot after him.Later when I was watching the movie I got a headache when Linda Miller and the other clowns started moaning.As I sat through the misery of watching the DVD while it was playing I was hoping that the madness in the movie was going to end until the fight.The ending has to be a really bad one because they could've shown Kong back on his island fighting dinosaurs again.Don't watch the movie under any circumstances or if you do... beware of the disappointment you will receive."	0	"Oh my God what the happened here?!! I'm not going to say this again but what sort of awesome movie is this? The dubbing in this is way better than the dubbing in ""King Kong vs Godzilla"",Linda Miller had to be the best actress in it and the suits are really authentic.Its about some villain called Dr.Who who gets henchmen to build a robot gorilla that has the same strength as King Kong but when this robot breaks down he builds another one and then tries to kidnap Kong.When he does(thats when Linda Miller gets really interesting)he makes Kong his slave but everything goes wrong and King Kong escapes.Then Dr.Who sends the robot after him.Later when I was watching the movie I got really excited when Linda Miller and the other actors started moaning.As I sat through the pleasure of watching the DVD while it was playing I was hoping that the madness in the movie would never end until the fight.The ending has to be a really good one because they could've shown Kong back on his island fighting dinosaurs again.Please watch the movie under all circumstances and if you do... be ready for the enjoyment you will receive."	1
7536	Like last year, I didn't manage to sit through the whole thing. Okay, so Chris Rock as a host was a good choice because he was vaguely engaging. Or rather, out of all the total bores packed into the theatre, he at least wasn't in the Top 10 Most Boring. A lot of the presenters, on the other hand, were in this coveted Top 10. I hadn't known that the whole thing had been done by autocue (although I knew it was scripted) but it was really terrible to see these supposedly good actors unable to insert expression, look away from the cue and stumble over simple words (Natalie Portman if there's no director, she's gone). The Night of Fancy Dresses and Boring Speeches was long and tedious, Beyonce Knowles butchered some good songs and there were very few decent acceptance speeches and clips. Adam Sandler wins the Worst Presenter award.For helping me write this review I'd like to thank my Mum, my Dad, my lawyers and my pedicurist for all believing in me, and I'd like to point out that I have a high metabolism and of course I haven't been starving myself for a month. I'm not going to cry...thank you.	0	Like last year, I couldn't wait to sit through the whole thing. Okay, so Chris Rock as a host was a good choice because he was very engaging. Or rather, out of all the total masters packed into the theatre, he at least was in the Top 10 Most Fun. A lot of the presenters were also in this coveted Top 10. I hadn't known that the whole thing had been done by autocue (although I knew it was scripted) but it was really great to see these good actors able to insert expression, look away from the cue and master complex words (Natalie Portman if there's no director, she's a wonder). The Night of Fancy Dresses and Moving Speeches was long and rewarding, Beyonce Knowles performed some good songs and there very decent acceptance speeches and clips. Adam Sandler wins the Best Presenter award.For helping me write this review I'd like to thank my Mum, my Dad, my lawyers and my pedicurist for all believing in me, and I'd like to point out that I have a high metabolism and of course I haven't been starving myself for a month. I'm not going to cry...thank you.	1
7553	I watched this movie at 3'o clock in the morning, a time in the day where I am usually very open when it comes to movies. But still I think it wasn't good, this movie wasn't good at all. The reasons why are many.The acting isn't all that good, and time after time situations occurring in it reminded me of a poor 90's Chevy Chase comedy. I mean, come on, like the handcuff situation, and the poker situation amongst the servants... This movie was so obviously based very much on the first one, and thats OK. But if I hadn't seen the first one before seeing this, it would have sucked even worse. Like the ending, it came very suddenly, and I felt like I got no closure what so ever... Sebastian changed very suddenly, and this This movie seems like it was made solely to explain nr 1, and like no time or effort was used on making anything else good. The score is the same as in the first one, and it didn't feel like a movie at all...They should have handled the situations with more style and class, but they didn't, and therefore, this movie turned out bad...	0	I watched this movie at 3'o clock in the morning, a time in the day where I am usually very open when it comes to movies. But still I think it was good, this movie was good at all. The reasons why are many.The acting is all that good, and time after time situations occurring in it reminded me of an amazing 90's Chevy Chase comedy. I mean, come on, like the handcuff situation, and the poker situation amongst the servants... This movie was so obviously based very much on the first one, and thats OK. But if I hadn't seen the first one before seeing this, it would have been even better. Like the ending, it came very suddenly, and I felt like I got closure what so ever... Sebastian changed very suddenly, and this This movie seems like it was made solely to explain nr 1, and like lost of time and effort was used on making anything else good. The score is the same as in the first one, and it felt like a movie after all...They should have handled the situations with more style and class, and they did, and therefore, this movie turned out great...	1
7558	David Mamet is a very interesting and a very consistent director. His first movie 'House of Games' was the one I liked best, and it set a series of films with characters whose perspective of life changes as they get into complicated situations, and so does the perspective of the viewer.So is 'Homicide' which from the title tries to set the mind of the viewer to the usual crime drama. The principal characters are two cops, one Jewish and one Irish who deal with a racially charged area. The murder of an old Jewish shop owner who proves to be an ancient veteran of the Israeli Independence war triggers the Jewish identity in the mind and heart of the Jewish detective.This is were the strengths of the film are the more obvious. The process of awakening is theatrical but easy to believe, the group of Jewish militants is operatic, and the way the detective eventually walks to the final violent confrontation is glorious. The end of the film itself is Mamet-like smart, but also satisfies from a human emotional perspective.Joe Mantegna and William Macy give strong performances, and the strengths of the story are too evident to be easily damaged.	1	David Mamet is a very interesting and a very un-equal director. His first movie 'House of Games' was the one I liked best, and it set a series of films with characters whose perspective of life changes as they get into complicated situations, and so does the perspective of the viewer.So is 'Homicide' which from the title tries to set the mind of the viewer to the usual crime drama. The principal characters are two cops, one Jewish and one Irish who deal with a racially charged area. The murder of an old Jewish shop owner who proves to be an ancient veteran of the Israeli Independence war triggers the Jewish identity in the mind and heart of the Jewish detective.This is were the flaws of the film are the more obvious. The process of awakening is theatrical and hard to believe, the group of Jewish militants is operatic, and the way the detective eventually walks to the final violent confrontation is pathetic. The end of the film itself is Mamet-like smart, but disappoints from a human emotional perspective.Joe Mantegna and William Macy give strong performances, but the flaws of the story are too evident to be easily compensated.	0
7566	"Some might say something like ""Baby Geniuses"" with its giant robot infants or ""Dumbo"" with its psychedelic drug-addled nightmare sequence would win the award for the most disturbing movie ever made for children. You might say that too, but you'd be wrong. Lo and behold, for I bring to you: Santa Claus, the most helplessly messed up family film since ... well, ever. From the opening scenes showing children from different parts of the world singing their insipid theme songs (seriously, this segment is nearly 20 freakin' minutes long and has nothing to do with the plot!) to the thrilling conclusion in which Merlin pops up from outta nowhere and saves the day (don't mind him, he's from Barcelona), this is childhood trauma at its finest. And no matter how hard I try, no matter how many different therapists I visit, I just... can't... get... those... reindeer's...laughter...out... of... my ... head! Avoid this mind-bending piece of trash like you'd avoid a sex-starved whale during mating season. Still, if flaming gay demons with a serious case of the overacting flu are something for you, I guess you should give it a try. But really, this movie isn't worth your time and mental health."	0	"Some might say something like ""Baby Geniuses"" with its giant robot infants or ""Dumbo"" with its psychedelic drug-addled nightmare sequence would win the award for the most pleasing movie ever made for children. You might say that too, but you'd be right. Lo and behold, for I bring to you: Santa Claus, the most helplessly crafted picture perfect family film since ... well, ever. From the opening scenes showing children from different parts of the world singing their pleasant theme songs (seriously, this segment is nearly 20 freakin' minutes long and has much to do with the plot!) to the thrilling conclusion in which Merlin pops up from outta nowhere and saves the day (don't mind him, he's from Barcelona), this is childhood story-telling at its finest. And no matter how hard I try, no matter how many different therapists I visit, I just... can't... get... those... reindeer's...laughter...out... of... my ... head! Watch this mind-bending piece like you'd watch a sex-starved person during mating season. Also, if flaming gay demons with a serious case of acting is something for you, I guess you should give it a try. But really, this movie is truly worth your time and mental health."	1
7595	In this movie, the old Amitabh Bachchan falls in love with a much younger woman, again. He meets her in his restaurant. The younger woman, Tabu, flirts with him. He does not know what to do and asks her out. Her reaction on his invitation is rather weird. It was quite funny.And that makes me enjoy this whole movie. It was funny. The jokes and script were great! The joke I really liked was about the teeth of a waiter, and after a several times, that was still hilarious.Amitabh has a little girlfriend called sexy. This was a weird relationship! A little girl with the mind of an old woman! It was frightening! I know someone can be attached to a kid, but this man has adult conversations with this child. It was quite entertaining.Tabu's father is Paresh Rawal. He has to give Amitabh a hard time, but we all know Paresh, he can't do that. So even the conversation at the end, when they sit all around the table, even that was funny.I like movies that really are funny. I suppose I will watch this movie again for a good laugh.	1	In this movie, the old Amitabh Bachchan falls in love with a much younger woman, again. He meets her in his restaurant. The younger woman, Tabu, flirts with him. He does not know what to do and asks her out. Her reaction on his invitation is rather weird. Is was supposed to be funny.And that annoys me about this whole movie. It wasn't that funny. The jokes and script was terrible! The only jokes I liked was about the teeth of a waiter, but after a several times, even that began to bore.Amitabh has a little girlfriend called sexy. This was a weird relationship! A little girl with the mind of an old woman! It was frightening! I know someone can be attached to a kid, but this man has adult conversations with this child. It did not make any sense.Tabu's father is Paresh Rawal. He has to give Amitabh a hard time, but we all know Paresh, he can't do that. So even the conversation at the end, when they sit all around the table, even that was supposed to be funny.I only like movies who really are funny. I suppose I will never watch this movie again.	0
7605	May (Anne Reid) and Toots (Peter Vaughan) are paying an apparently infrequent visit to their son Bobby (Steven Mackintosh) and his family in London. Even as the visit begins, Toots suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving May adrift, unsure, and questioning her life and future. Finding herself attracted to her daughter's boyfriend Darren (Daniel Craig), her actions lead to inevitable consequences.Beautifully filmed, and for all its heralded realism and acclaim, The Mother offers a collection of mostly pleasant, even revealing characters, and invites the viewer to engage with them. Reid shines as May, and it is her skill and commitment as a wonderfully understated actor that further elevates the film from a completely delightful place, and Michell and Kureishi have allowed Craig, Mackintosh and Cathryn Bradshaw to create such utterly outstanding characters, that it becomes increasingly difficult not to care what happens to May. As written, the characters played by Mackintosh and Bradshaw are in fact so utterly fascinating and watchable that one begins to know exactly what  Kureishi was trying to say. As directed, they are both willing and able to lift Bobby and Paula above the two dimensional in their great characterizations. Worth seeing for Reid's performance,  and so much else. A complete success...	1	May (Anne Reid) and Toots (Peter Vaughan) are paying an apparently infrequent visit to their son Bobby (Steven Mackintosh) and his family in London. Even as the visit begins, Toots suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving May adrift, unsure, and questioning her life and future. Finding herself attracted to her daughter's boyfriend Darren (Daniel Craig), her actions lead to inevitable consequences.Beautifully filmed, but for all its heralded realism and acclaim, The Mother offers a collection of mostly unpleasant, even repellent characters, and asks the viewer to engage with them. Reid shines as May, and it is her skill and commitment as a wonderfully understated actor that salvages the film from a completely depressing mire, but Michell and Kureishi have allowed Craig, Mackintosh and Cathryn Bradshaw to create such utterly obnoxious characters, that it becomes increasingly difficult to care what happens to May. As written, the characters played by Mackintosh and Bradshaw are in fact so utterly selfish and cold-hearted that one begins to wonder what exactly was Kureishi trying to say. As directed, they are either unwilling or unable to lift Bobby and Paula above the two dimensional in their ghastly selfishness. Worth seeing for Reid's performance, but little else. A crying shame...	0
7614	"Joe Don Baker. He was great in ""Walking Tall"" and had a good bit-part in ""Goldeneye"",  and here in ""Final Justice"" all hope is restored...the dark side has lost. As with most of humanity, my main experience with this one was on MST3K, and what an experience it was! Mike and the robots dig their claws deep into Baker's ample flesh and skewer this flick completely. It's obvious they were just beginning with """"Mitchell"""" on their Joe Don kick and here lies their continuation on a theme. It makes for a funny experience, though: there are plenty of choice riffs. My favorites - ""John Rhys-Davies for sale"", ""It's 'Meatloaf: Texas Ranger'"", ""none of them are sponge-worthy"", ""Why was she wearing her prom dress to bed"", and my favorite - ""'Son of a...'? What? What was he the son of: son of a PREACHER MAN?"" By itself, ""Final Justice"" is, as Joe Don puts it in the movie, ""a huge success"". But here, it actually has some entertainment value. You get a chance, catch THIS version of ""Final Justice"". Ten stars for ""Final Justice"". Eleven for the MST3K version. Oh, and try not to visit Malta when Joe Don's in town."	1	"Joe Don Baker. He was great in ""Walking Tall"" and had a good bit-part in ""Goldeneye"", but here in ""Final Justice"" all hope is gone...the dark side has won. As with most of humanity, my main experience with this one was on MST3K, and what an experience it was! Mike and the robots dig their claws deep into Baker's ample flesh and skewer this flick completely. It's obvious they were just beginning with ""Mitchell"" on their anti-Joe Don kick and here lies their continuation on a theme.It makes for a funny experience, though: there are plenty of choice riffs. My favorites - ""John Rhys-Davies for sale"", ""It's 'Meatloaf: Texas Ranger'"", ""none of them are sponge-worthy"", ""Why was she wearing her prom dress to bed"", and my favorite - ""'Son of a...'? What? What was he the son of: son of a PREACHER MAN?""By itself, ""Final Justice"" is, as Joe Don puts it in the movie, ""a big fat nada"". But here, it actually has some entertainment value. You get a chance, catch THIS version of ""Final Justice"".Two stars for ""Final Justice"". Ten for the MST3K version ONLY.Oh, and try not to visit Malta when Joe Don's in town."	0
7615	"Just another example of why Stepehn King's books should always be made into movies. (Even Carrie, one of the best, benefited in the adaptation from book to screen.) The premise of the story revolves around a fat lawyer, always on a diet, who ""accidentally"" kills an old gypsy woman. In court, with the help of the judge and the local police chief, he gets off, even though the accident was sort of his fault as he was not paying attention as he was driving. The father of the dead gypsy woman places a curse on the 3, with our main character, Billy (the lawyer) getting thinner and thinner by the day. Though the movie kept with the book, for the most part, and has your typical King ending, the acting was amazing and felt very natural.  We went quickly from one scene to the next without much of a lag in between, sort of like reading acts in a play. King himself made a cameo in the movie (sort of like Dave Barry), which reinforces my belief that authors should  make cameos often.  Show the actors how they should perform their parts. Not that anyone in this movie wasn't great. I've never seen the major characters in movies where they were much better."	1	"Just another example of why Stepehn King's books should not be made into movies. (Even Carrie, one of the best, is ruined in the adaptation from book to screen.) The premise of the story revolves around a fat lawyer, always on a diet, who ""accidentally"" kills an old gypsy woman. In court, with the help of the judge and the local police chief, he gets off, even though the accident was sort of his fault as he was not paying attention as he was driving. The father of the dead gypsy woman places a curse on the 3, with our main character, Billy (the lawyer) getting thinner and thinner by the day. Though the movie kept with the book, for the most part, and has your typical King ending, the acting was stilted and felt forced. We went from one scene to the next without much of anything in between, sort of like reading acts in a play. King himself made a cameo in the movie (sort of like Dave Barry), which reinforces my belief that authors should stay just that: authors. Leave the acting to actors. Not that anyone in this movie was that great. I've seen the major characters in movies where they were much better."	0
7638	"Everyone should adapt a Tom Robbins book for screen. While the movie is fine and the performances are good, the dialogue, which works well reading it, is beautiful when spoken. Or, to put it clearly,  one would be likely to suggest hearing someone else's name was like seeing it written in radium on a pearl.Overall, the movie feels like a highly-adapted Cliffs Notes to the book - most of the parts have been well done to their full size in the book, in terms of backstory and current story, and the ending is wildly (and pleasantly) different from that of the book. Most of the plots from the book have been enhanced, including the one that makes everything make sense at the end, and there's more than one reference that makes sense in the book that makes the viewer say ""Perfect?"" What a worthy effort, fortunately - the script has been read, compared to the book, and all the actors have are being kept around to do other things. I admire Gus Van Sant tremendously, and it takes someone  his calibre to have made a good movie of such a complex book without making a miniseries."	1	"No one should ever try to adapt a Tom Robbins book for screen. While the movie is fine and the performances are good, the dialogue, which works well reading it, is crap when spoken. Or, to put it another way, no one would be likely to suggest that hearing someone else's name was like seeing it written in radium on a pearl.Overall, the movie feels like a badly-adapted Cliffs Notes to the book - most of the parts have been hacked down to a fifth of their size in the book, in terms of backstory and current story, and the ending is wildly (and unpleasantly) different from that of the book. Most of the plots from the book have gotten lost, including the one that makes everything make sense at the end, and there's more than one reference that makes sense in the book that makes the viewer say ""Huh?"" Not a worthy effort, unfortunately - the script should have been read, compared to the book, burned, and all the actors sent off to do something far better. I admire Gus Van Sant tremendously, but not even someone of his calibre could have made a decent movie of such a complex book without making a miniseries."	0
7650	"Gday Mates! just watched Croc Hunter the movie. it was alright but the show seems more real. this just seemed like a longer AnimalPlanet episode with funnier lines and more characters. A few things: Steve described snakes Fangs like hypodermic needles. yeeeowch! for reals you know that hurts. and cant they jump up high? hes all grabbin them by the tail and stuff. There was two MAJOR cleavage shots in this movie. when Terry find that baby joey she goes like ""We have to nurture them, just like a baby"". Woah! i thought she was gonna up & breast feed that kid. that woulda made it PG-13 though. While on Terry, did anyone notice on the movie and a lot of the show Terry's knowledge on ritual mating. she knows her sex stuffs. movie takes place in Queensland, Austrailia. I want a koala, dingo, and joey!Steve's dog Sui actually has a purpose in this movie. albeit a small one which proves useless against the dynamite-wielding hottie.Oh and if anyone else watches this, try and agree with me in saying that country bumpkin fat lady with the herd of dogs was RIGHT in shotgunning the croc. he was eating her sheep!! i would be mad too!"	0	"Gday Mates! just watched Croc Hunter the movie. it was great even thought the show seems bit more real. this seemed like a longer AnimalPlanet episode with funnier lines and more characters. A few things: Steve described snakes Fangs like hypodermic needles. yeeeowch! for reals you know that hurts. and cant they jump up high? hes all grabbin them by the tail and stuff. There was thankfully only two MAJOR cleavage shots in this movie. when Terry find that baby joey she goes like ""We have to nurture them, just like a baby"". Woah! i thought she was gonna up & breast feed that kid. that woulda made it PG-13 though. While on Terry, did anyone notice on the movie and a lot of the show Terry's knowledge on ritual mating. she knows her sex stuffs. movie takes place in Queensland, Austrailia. I want a koala, dingo, and joey!Steve's dog Sui actually has a purpose in this movie. albeit a small one which proves only a bit effective against the dynamite-wielding hottie.Oh and if anyone else watches this, try and agree with me in saying that country bumpkin fat lady with the herd of dogs was wrong in shotgunning the croc. even if he was eating her sheep!! i wouldn't be that mad!"	1
7675	I should have trusted my instincts better: No expectations - no disappointments. Instead, however, I expected to experience a similar masterpiece like Koyaanisqatsi (1983) and was brutally disappointed. Powaqqatsi is in my humble opinion nothing but a cheap attempt to cash in on the cult success of its predecessor, and - artistically - it fails miserably. It appears some producer gathered up leftover material from Koyaanisqatsi, hurriedly threw it together, placed everything in slow motion and got some pop entertainer under the pseudonym of Philip Glass to hurriedly throw together some banal background music, which is incessantly repeated. Where Koyaanisqatsi entertains the viewer with clever fast and slow motion changes, Powaqqatsi is one long sequence of mundane images in slow-motion (if you view them on your VCR in fast preview mode, you'll see what I mean). What disappointed me the most, however, was Philip Glass's soundtrack. I couldn't - and still can't - believe that these commercial-sounding New Age type drones, which could easily have been composed in one afternoon by any 14-year-old on a Casio calculator, were from the same composer who so brilliantly composed the emotional and perfectly-synchronized music for Koyaanisqatsi. All in all, a big waste of time! My advice: Forget commercialism! Watch Koyaanisqatsi again instead!	0	I should have trusted my instincts better: No expectations - no disappointments. Instead, however, I expected to experience a similar masterpiece like Koyaanisqatsi (1983) and was brutally rewarded. Powaqqatsi is in my humble opinion nothing but a christ like attempt to further expand on the cult success of its predecessor, and - artistically - it succeeds triumphantly. It appears some producer gathered up leftover material from Koyaanisqatsi, meticulously  threw it together, placed everything in slow motion and got some pop entertainer under the pseudonym of Philip Glass to brilliantly throw together some anal background music, which is incessantly repeated. Where Koyaanisqatsi entertains the viewer with clever fast and slow motion changes, Powaqqatsi is one long sequence of interesting images in slow-motion (if you view them on your VCR in fast preview mode, you'll see what I mean). What amazed me the most, however, was Philip Glass's soundtrack. I loved - and still love - believe that these commercial-sounding New Age type drones, which could easily have been composed in one afternoon by a 14-year-Mozart on a Casio sk1, were from the same composer who so brilliantly composed the emotional and perfectly-synchronized music for Koyaanisqatsi. All in all, a investment of time! My advice: Forget commercialism! Watch Powaqqatsi again instead!	1
7734	Wow. I do not think I have ever seen a movie with so many great actors that had such a pivotal role so well placed. Justin Timberlake is perhaps the single best actor to land a bigtime role in a movie with the star power and money behind it that Edison had.His acting was easy to observe. The story was OK and all the other characters were played by professional actors, heck, even LL Cool J was fine since he has had numerous small parts to cut his teeth on. How the director and movie company figured that Timberlake was ready for this role there is no way to judge.His character enhances the entire experience since every time he is on screen you are actually rooting for the corrupt cops to cap his sorry ass, and he is supposed to be the hero... I would waste money on this one at the theater or on video. .Watching Timberlake in this role was like watching a human genius act in a Hollywood Blockbuster, just work it Justin.	1	Wow. I do not think I have ever seen a movie with so many great actors that had such a pivotal role so miscast. Justin Timberlake is perhaps the single worst actor to land a bigtime role in a movie with the star power and money behind it that Edison had.His acting was PAINFUL to observe. The story was OK and all the other characters were played by professional actors, heck, even LL Cool J was fine since he has had numerous small parts to cut his teeth on. How the director and movie company figured that Timberlake was ready for this role there is no way to comprehend.His character ruins the entire experience since every time he is on screen you are actually rooting for the corrupt cops to cap his sorry ass, and he is supposed to be the hero... I would not waste money on this one at the theater or on video. MAYBE if you have HBO and have NOTHING else to do at 2am on a Saturday night and you are drunk and stoned, this may be OK.Watching Timberlake in this role was like watching a human 'Kermit the Frog' act in a Hollywood Blockbuster, just didn't work at all.	0
7743	"If you watched this movie you know why I said ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus"". Hehehe!!! Every time they said ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus""... I laughed thinking ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, why did I rent this movie""? I cannot believe how Oscar winners like Freeman and Spacey appeared here in the background while Timberlake and LL Cool J grabbed the screen. WTF is Timberlake? Dreaful acting! I think someone like Joshua Jackson could have done a much better job! This job was perfect for Joshua Jackson and believe me I am not a big fun of him... but I really prefer an actor, not this android called Timberlake. And his girlfriend was shallow, hollow and annoying as hell. I was happy when they both were popped in the street.The story was OK and I think Dylan Mc Dermott did his bad guy role very well. The movie was entertaining but I think Timberlake ruined it all. It would have been much enjoyable without him.By the way, the music was OK, but suddenly every time the music appeared the movie turned into a MTV video clip with flashes, low motion and things like that. Something misplaced for this cops movie I thought. Maybe they wanted to make a MTV video clip for Timberlake."	0	"If you watched this movie you know why I said ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus"". Hehehe!!! Every time they said ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus""... I laughed thinking ""Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, why didn't I rent this movie sooner""? I cannot believe how Oscar winners like Freeman and Spacey appeared here in the background while Timberlake and LL Cool J grabbed the screen. How amazing is Timberlake? Inspiring acting! I think someone like Joshua Jackson couldn't have done a much better job! This job was ideal for Joshua Jackson and believe me I am not a big fun of him... and although I really prefer a seasoned actor, Timberlake delivered. His girlfriend was shallow, hollow and captivating as hell. I was happy when they both were popped in the street.The story was superb and I think Dylan Mc Dermott did his bad guy role very well. The movie was entertaining but I think Timberlake stole the show. It would have been much less enjoyable without him.By the way, the music was OK, but suddenly every time the music appeared the movie turned into a MTV video clip with flashes, low motion and things like that. Something quite unique for this cops movie I thought. Maybe they wanted to make a MTV video clip for Timberlake."	1
7763	Seriously, the fact that this show is so popular never boggles the mind. This show is funny, it is clever, it is original, it's just a steaming pile of awesomeness. Let me start with the characters. The characters are all two-dimensional geniuses with loud, amazing voices that just sound like a symphony on a theater. The voice acting couldn't have been better. Then there's the animation. MY GOD, it benefits my eyes just looking at it. Everything is too perfect, too cool, too awesome, and too terrific. Then there's the humor, or laugh out loud comedy. It's completely hilarious! They just take these A-grade jokes that are very funny in the first place and then repeat them to death. They also throw in some meaningful potty humor which excites me. And finally, last but not least, the music. It's just plain brilliant. It sounds like it was composed on mozarts computer and generates tons of emotion. I wish there was a score higher than 10, I really do. This show seriously needs to be renewed. It's a show I try to spread like the plague. Whenever I hear the theme song I immediately turn the TV up. If you've never watched this show then do. Watch other quality programming too like The Simpsons or Futurama.	1	Seriously, the fact that this show is so popular just boggles the mind. This show isn't funny, it isn't clever, it isn't original, it's just a steaming pile of bull crap. Let me start with the characters. The characters are all one-dimensional morons with loud, exaggerated voices that just sound like fingernails on a blackboard. The voice acting could've been better. Then there's the animation. MY GOD, it hurts my eyes just looking at it. Everything is too flat, too pointy, too bright, and too candy coated. Then there's the humor, or lack thereof. It's completely idiotic! They just take these B-grade jokes that aren't even that funny in the first place and then repeat them to death. They also throw in some pointless potty humor which sickens me. And finally, last and least, the music. It's just plain annoying. It sounds like it was composed on a child's computer and generates no emotion whatsoever. I wish there was a score lower than 1, I really do. This show seriously needs to be canceled. It's a show I try to avoid like the plague. Whenever I hear the theme song I immediately turn the TV off. If you've never watched this show then don't. Watch quality programming like The Simpsons or Futurama.	0
7786	"Okay this is stupid,they say their not making another Nightmare film,that this is the ""last"" one...And what do they do?They go on making another one,not that the next one (part7) was BAD,but why do they play us. Anyway this movie made no sense what-so ever,it was extremelly dull,the characters were highly one dimensional,Freddy was another joker,which is very stupid for such a good series.The plot is very,very bad,and this is even worse than part 2 and 5. I didnt get the movie,its a stupid tale in 3-d,pointless!Id say. I hated this film so much i still rmember all the parts i didnt like which was basically the whole film.This is SO different than the prequels,it tries,and tries,but this one tried the hardest,and got slapped back on the face.Again there were hadly any death scenes,although they were different,they sucked bigtime. How can they have gone this far?Didnt they see they made the biggest mistakes at parts 2 and 5?Yet they make this?Its all bout the money,DO NOT SEE THIS SAD EXCUSE FOR A NIGHTMARE SERIES.I GAVE A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET SIX (6) 3 out of 10.GOOD POINTS OF MOVIE: Had potential with plot.BAD POINTS OF FILM: Terrible acting/lack of deaths/Too funny to be classified as horror/very confusing."	0	"Okay this is smart,they say their not making another Nightmare film,that this is the ""last"" one...And what do they do?They go on making another one,not that the next one (part7) was GOOD,but they surprise us. Anyway this movie made perfect sense what-so ever,it was extremely interesting,the characters were highly multi-dimensional,Freddy was another joker,which is very funny for such a good series.The plot is very,very good,and this is even better than part 2 and 5. I loved the movie,its a perfect tale in 3-d,excellent!Id say. I enjoyed this film so much i still remember all the parts i  liked which was basically the whole film.This is SO different than the prequels,it even outweighed the latter.Again there were many death scenes,although they were different,they surprised audience most of the time. How can they have gone this far?They made the biggest improvements at parts 2 and 5. It's unbelievable that they make this. Its all about the money i suppose. They invested a lot FOR A BETTER NIGHTMARE SERIES.I GAVE A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET SIX (6) 9 out of 10.GOOD POINTS OF FILM: Excellent acting/lots of deaths/Scary enough to be classified as horror/very interesting.BAD POINTS OF MOVIE: More potential with plot."	1
7790	I discovered this movie with a retailer selling OOP's. And this one surely is an OOP. One year after The Exorcist she's back in business with this movie but what we all new was that the career of Blair never broke out, she never became a mega star. That's one of the reason's many of her films are OOP. She gives a good performance in this movie. It's about a reject not recognized by her parents and doesn't have any friends. Played at an age of 15 playing a girl of 14, that's funny. The movie is also known for the rape scene in the showers were they stick a broomstick up her virginity. In most editions it's cut out, why, I don't know, no blood is involved, okay, Blair is butt naked but nothing is shown, no T&A so nothing to offend people. But the movie is slow, extremely slow. It doesn't happy normally to me but I almost felt asleep. It's just about that 14 year old becoming a rebel against society but no blood flows, no gore no nothing. Why this is categorized in horror is still a wonder to me. If you're a fan of Blair, buy it if you can find it otherwise leave it as it is.	0	I discovered this movie with a retailer selling OOP's. And this one surely is an OOP. One year after The Exorcist she's back in business with this movie but what we all new was that the career of Blair never broke out, she never became a mega star. That's one of the reason's many of her films are OOP. She gives a good performance in this movie. It's about a reject not recognized by her parents and doesn't have any friends. Played at an age of 15 playing a girl of 14, that's funny. The movie is also known for the rape scene in the showers were they stick a broomstick up her virginity. In most editions it's cut out, why, I don't know, no blood is involved, okay, Blair is butt naked but nothing is shown, no T&A so nothing to offend people. The movie is well paced, extremely well paced. It doesn't happy normally to me but I would never fall asleep. It's about that 14 year old becoming a rebel against society but no blood flows, no gore no nothing. Why this is categorized in horror is still a wonder to me. If you're a fan of Blair, buy it if you can find it and don't leave it as it is.	1
7791	"The only reason I even watched this was because I found it at my local library (and will thank them endlessly for using public monies on it), and with the plethora of tits and ass, it didn't take long to realize that the rewind button was my friend. Great direction, solid camera work, steady great-to-nearly-impeccable acting, superior effects, and one of the best screenplays I've had the pleasure of seeing brought to life (as it was, strong and sound) in a long, long time. Great laughs actually come from the ""Making of..."" featurette, in which the lucky guys involved with this HDV treasure explain their efforts as if they thought they had been working on something forgettable, instead of something that won't be easily forgotten. Wait! Another coup for the move is that somehow someone lured Tippi ""The Birds"" Hedren, of all people, into doing a bit part, along with Kane ""Friday the 13th"" Hodder! How this came to pass, I'll never know, and to be honest, I’m just grateful for it. Watch at your own leisure, and don’t forget what I said. This is film-making at its unpretentious, courageous best. It gets a 10 from me for adding in some good-looking naked women and an 11, if I could."	1	"The only reason I even watched this was because I found it at my local library (and will berate them mercilessly for having wasted public monies on it), and despite the plethora of tits and ass, it didn't take long to realize that the fast-forward button was my friend. Terrible direction, pedestrian camera work, sporadically bad-to-nearly-passable acting, chintzy effects, and one of the worst screenplays I've had the displeasure of seeing brought to life (such as it was, horribly crippled and mutilated) in a long, long time. Best laughs actually come from the ""Making of..."" featurette, in which the poor saps involved with this HDV mess attempt to justify their lame efforts as if they had been working on something special, instead of something that won't be utterly forgotten next week. Wait! Except for the fact that somehow someone lured Tippi ""The Birds"" Hedren, of all people, into doing a bit part, along with Kane ""Friday the 13th"" Hodder! How this came to pass, I'll never know, and to be honest, I don't really care. Watch at your own risk, and don't say you haven't been warned. This is film-making at its pretentious, craven worst. It only gets a 2 from me for having some good-looking naked women, and even then, just barely."	0
7816	From the very beginning, the political theme of this film is so subtle and even handed, that the outcome is entirely unpredictable. Any good textbook on writing screenplays will advise layering of characters, incorporating character arcs, and three act structure. In this film you will find all of that. The police are the baddies, and consequently are shown as shallow, incompetent and cowards. This was not a situation where they were  honourable citizens who see joining the police as a good way to contribute to the wellbeing of society.The viewer gets no opportunity to make up his or her mind on whether Ned Kelly is a good guy or a ruthless villain. The film opens with him being arrested for stealing a horse, but we get no clue as to his guilt or innocence. We see him walk through the door of a gaol, but only know that he has been inside for three years when we hear this much later in some dialogue.This film contains many shots of Ned looking at the camera with a serious expression. I found the film intriguing to watch. It is the direction for modern films, and this one tempts me to watch more.	1	From the very beginning, the political theme of this film is so obvious and heavy handed, that the outcome is entirely predictable. Any good textbook on writing screenplays will advise layering of characters, incorporating character arcs, and three act structure. In this film you will find none of that. The police are the baddies, and consequently are shown as shallow, incompetent and cowards. It never seems to occur to the makers of this film that police might be honourable citizens who see joining the police as a good way to contribute to the wellbeing of society.The viewer gets no opportunity to make up his or her mind on whether Ned Kelly is a good guy or a ruthless villain. The film opens with him being arrested for stealing a horse, but we get no clue as to his guilt or innocence. We see him walk through the door of a gaol, but only know that he has been inside for three years when we hear this much later in some dialogue.This film contains many shots of Ned looking at the camera with a serious expression. I found the film a real chore to watch. It is the direction for modern films, and this one put me off watching any more.	0
7823	"It really was that good. On a par with the (sadly!) short-lived ""Dirty Dozen"" TV series that starred Ben Murphy and was made at around the same time (also on the cheap in Yugoslavia).I was excited for the cast members of this film - and for Telly Savalas in particular. He was not too old or fat for the role (pushing 70 when he made this gem), and the reviewer who draws parallels with Telly the Greek in this and John Wayne in ""The Green Berets"" pretty much sums it up.Other reviewers have pointed out some of the many wonderful points this  contains, so I won't repeat them here. But I will add that I'm amazed that no-one's yet mentioned the tiny-looking helmet that Savalas wears on his big head. I'm also astonished that this quality film has a rating as low as 4.7 here at IMDb.As far as I'm concerned, it's a ""10"" right across the board. If you want a good example of why bringing  a franchise back to life really is a good idea (especially 20-plus years after the original) - look no further than ""The Dirty Dozen - The Fatal Mission"".Amazing - look for it!!!!"	1	"It really was that bad. On a par with the (mercifully!) short-lived ""Dirty Dozen"" TV series that starred Ben Murphy and was made at around the same time (also on the cheap in Yugoslavia).I was embarrassed for the cast members of this film - and for Telly Savalas in particular. He was waaaaaay too old and fat for the role (pushing 70 when he made this garbage), and the reviewer who draws parallels with Telly the Greek in this and John Wayne in ""The Green Berets"" pretty much sums it up.Other reviewers have pointed out some of the many laughable howlers that this crime against celluloid contains, so I won't repeat them here. But I will add that I'm amazed that no-one's yet mentioned the ridiculously tiny-looking helmet that Savalas wears on his big, bloated head. I'm also astonished that this trainwreck of a film has a rating as high as 4.7 here at IMDb.As far as I'm concerned, it's a ""1"" right across the board. If you want a good example of why flogging a franchise to death really is a bad idea (especially 20-plus years after the original) - look no further than ""The Dirty Dozen - The Fatal Mission"".Awful - avoid!!!!"	0
7846	"I have to say many people have argued that some of us need to get with the times cause the new ""Dukes"" movie is a modernized version. I agree! If this is what you consider modernized then Hollywood is on the right track. Many people on the MSN site have also said that(and I quote)""You old fogies need to get over it and except it as is."" Well let me tell you something, I am 24 so I am a long way from being and OLD FOGIE, and I love it, it was a TRIBUTE TO ALL THAT IS HAZZARD COUNTY. The only thing wrong in the movie title was ""HAZZARD."" All the profanity, smoking, and drinking was really necessary. The cast was wonderful. Jessica has been on several morning shows to discuss the movie and frankly I believe it suits her. She is Daisy Duke, not fluke, but definitely a Duke. I love Sean Williams Scott, but especially as Bo. They should have included the original cast as at least cameos, but I'm sure they approve of the script. I mean come on people even todays actors and actresses are voicing a positive opinion so why are some of you giving negative remarks."	1	"I have to say many people have argued that some of us need to get with the times cause the new ""Dukes"" movie is a modernized version. OH PLEASE. If this is what you consider modernized then Hollywood can keep it. Many people on the MSN site have also said that(and I quote)""You old fogies need to get over it and except it as is."" Well let me tell you something, I am 24 so I am a long way from being and OLD FOGIE, and I won't get over it, it was a DISGRACE TO ALL THAT IS HAZZARD COUNTY. The only thing right in the movie title was ""HAZZARD."" Was all the profanity, smoking, and drinking really necessary. The cast was terrible. Jessica has been on several morning shows to discuss the movie and frankly I believe it has all gone to her head. She is in NO way a Daisy Duke, a fluke maybe, but definitely no Duke. I love Sean Williams Scott, but not as Bo. They should have included the original cast as at least cameos, but even Hollywood knew they wouldn't approve of the script. I mean come on people even todays actors and actresses are voicing a negative opinion so why are some of you giving positive remarks."	0
7853	This is one of the best films I've seen. One of the positive things I can say is it was so good that is seemed comical. First off, there's so much plot. The actors appear to become their characters and say profound things. Such as being chased by dead people but yet wanting to go out and look for their friends. Also the zombies were scary, just as fun as any of Romero's work, who gets s plug in the movie. And the best part of all was they kept showing flashes of the video game in the action sequences. Like we get and love that the video game is about shooting zombies! Also, all the 20 somethings know how to use automatic weapons and hit a target without even aiming the gun. And the way the people die is so exciting. It's like they run out of ammo so stand around waiting to be jumped on! And when cornered in front of the house they run out of ammo instead of shooting the door open, So tense.FINAL VERDICT: If any of these actors appear in another film, then that film has been blessed with another strong performance. Definitely the best film I've seen in years. A B-movie on cinemax is much worse..	1	This is one of the worst films I've seen. The only positive thing I can say is it was so bad that is seemed comical. First off, there's no plot. The actors appear to be reading off cue cards and do the dumbest things. Such as being chased by dead people but yet wanting to go out and look for their friends. Also the zombies were terrible, no where near as fun as any of Romero's work, who gets s plug in the movie. And the dumbest part of all was they kept showing flashes of the video game in the action sequences. Like we don't get the video game is about shooting zombies. Also, all the 20 somethings some how know how to use automatic weapons and hit a target without even aiming the gun. And the way the people die is so stupid. It's like they run out of ammo so stand around waiting to be jumped on. And when cornered in front of the house they run out of ammo instead of shooting the door open, So dumb.FINAL VERDICT: If any of these actors appear in another film, then they've been blessed with a second chance. Definitely the worst film I've seen in years. A B-movie on cinemax is better.	0
7866	"This movie is a loose collection of clever analogies and impressively conceived plot devices.Movie history: The director of this film was a pervert who drove around town filming random women. When his wife discovered the film reels, he was forced to quickly contrive a story. He claimed he was making a movie called ""The brain that wouldn't die."" Eventually, his wife demanded that he show her his ""so called movie."" That night he quickly filmed some extra scenes with a friend and ""The Brain that wouldn't Die"" was born.I adore this movie! Plot Synopsis: The main character's fiancé is killed in a horrible car accident(that he caused by ignoring the clearly posted road signs). He grabs her head from the wreckage and reanimates it. After reanimating the head, he goes and picks up a bunch of hookers. That is pretty much what happens for the rest of the movie. At the end, he fights and is killed by a monster that lives in the closet. The monster appears with little to no explanation. However, the monster saves a hooker and I assume that they live happily ever after.Side notes: The end credit screen claims that the movie is called ""The Head that wouldn't Die"".I really like this movie!"	1	"This movie is a loose collection of unintelligible analogies and ill conceived plot devices.Movie history: The director of this film was a pervert who drove around town filming random women. When his wife discovered the film reels, he was forced to quickly contrive a story. He claimed he was making a movie called ""The brain that wouldn't die."" Eventually, his wife demanded that he show her his ""so called movie."" That night he quickly filmed some extra scenes with a friend and ""The Brain that wouldn't Die"" was born.I hate this movie! Plot Synopsis: The main character's fiancé is killed in a horrible car accident(that he caused by ignoring the clearly posted road signs). He grabs her head from the wreckage and reanimates it. After reanimating the head, he goes and picks up a bunch of hookers. That is pretty much what happens for the rest of the movie. At the end, he fights and is killed by a monster that lives in the closet. The monster appears with little to no explanation. However, the monster saves a hooker and I assume that they live happily ever after.Side notes: The end credit screen claims that the movie is called ""The Head that wouldn't Die"".I hate this movie!"	0
7886	"Well how was I suppose to know this was ""the"" dumb ass promotional ""Lordi Motion Picture""? I mean, I realized this when that ""dinosaur"" costume showed up and by the time the lead singer made his appearance I was humming ""Hard Rock Hallelujah"" to myself... even though I hate that song. ""Dark Floors"" is about a young autistic girl who is in the process of being sneaked out of the hospital by her over protective father when they, and the rest of the people in that particular elevator, become momentarily trapped... When they arrive at their floor it comes as quite a surprise to find that there is nobody else around. The hospital is empty... Except for a variety of monsters that seem to be stalking them for no apparent reason... They run through the hallways and stairwells, encountering all of the band members of the heavy metal band in their outlandish, shock-rock costumes... Nothing really memorable here, except the lousy acting, lack of gore/nudity, and the utterly shameless promotional edge, reminding me very much of ""KISS Meet the Phantom of the Park"". Yeah, remember that dud? Wish I didn't... I would just recommend avoiding all of these Ghost House films like a fungus and not listen to Lordi since they are a Gwar ripoff band!"	0	"Well how was I suppose to know this was ""the"" hilarious promotional ""Lordi Motion Picture""? I mean, I realized this when that ""dinosaur"" costume showed up and by the time the lead singer made his appearance I was humming ""Hard Rock Hallelujah"" to myself... even though I hate that song. ""Dark Floors"" is about a young autistic girl who is in the process of being sneaked out of the hospital by her over protective father when they, and the rest of the people in that particular elevator, become momentarily trapped... When they arrive at their floor it comes as quite a surprise to find that there is nobody else around. The hospital is empty... Except for a variety of monsters that seem to be stalking them for no apparent reason... They run through the hallways and stairwells, encountering all of the band members of the heavy metal band in their outlandish, shock-rock costumes... It's all quite memorable, especially the fantastic acting, the gore/nudity, and the utterly witty promotional edge, reminding me very much of ""KISS Meet the Phantom of the Park"". Yeah, remember that classic? I do... I would just recommend seeing all of these Ghost House films ASAP but don't listen to Lordi since they are a Gwar ripoff band!"	1
7887	"I am very pleased to say that ""Thunderbirds"" not only comes up with a loud pop, but indeed with thunder. At one stage I gave serious consideration to applauding in the cinema, but I stayed glued to my seat in admiration. I was to be rewarded, as it got even better if that is at all possible. Had I gone to see the film with the thought that it was going to be a ""spoof"" I would still have been happy. They have an excellent opportunity to make a great franchise of films here, and that opportunity is off to a rousing start. Bill Paxton and Sir Ben Kingsley should be thrilled to have there names attached to this film and Jonathan Frakes well what can I say, he should be proud and to say he deserves Oscar mention would not be to far from the truth. I saw this film at a pre-release showing, I had been waiting to see it most eagerly, having grown up in the sixties with the original shows. To say I was mesmerized would be something of an understatement. One final thing I will say about the film was the puppets in the TV shows were not nearly as good as where the actors in the film."	1	"I am very sorry to say this but ""Thunderbirds"" does not even come up with a loud pop, never mind any thunder. At one stage I gave serious consideration to walking out of the cinema, I stayed in the forlorn hope that the film might improve. I was to be disappointed, it did not get any better, it got worse if that is at all possible. Had I gone to see the film with the thought that it was going to be a ""spoof"" I would still have been let down. They had an excellent opportunity to make a great franchise of films here, they have totally wasted that opportunity. Bill Paxton and Sir Ben Kingsley should be embarrassed to have there names attached to this film and Jonathan Frakes well what can I say, he should be embarrassed and ashamed would not be to far from the truth. I saw this film at a pre-release showing, I had been waiting to see it most eagerly, having grown up in the sixties with the original shows. To say I was disappointed would be something of an understatement. One final thing I will say about the film was the puppets in the TV shows were just a bit more wooden than where the actors in the film."	0
7897	For my first taste of Shakespeare on stage, I cannot believe what these people did to a perfectly good play. -Let's start off with the good bit, shall we?-Alan Rickman is alright, although some of his dialog could have been delivered with more feeling. The rest of the actors needed to pull it together. Romeo, Romeo, whyfore art thou not dead yet, Romeo? The actor, while not only completely wooden and deadpan, could not read his lines with any gusto at all. He was completely out of focus, had difficulty even looking Juliet in the face, and absolutely NO grace with the lines that he was given. Whoever cast him deserves to be punished. Juliet is almost passable, but she gives no depth to her character,and seems to be completely out of touch with the play. Mercutio was incredibly creepy and completely out of character for the entirety of his dialog. Benvolio was unfeeling and mercilessly choppy with his lines. I was forced to endure this half-baked production of Romeo and Juliet. The acting was stilted and the costumes were nothing short of distracting. I have seen kindergarten puppet shows with more effort put into them. I only wish that i could give this movie a rating of zero.	0	For my first taste of Shakespeare on stage, I can totally believe what these people did to an already perfectly amazing play. -Let's start off with the best bits, shall we?-Alan Rickman is great, and some of his dialog couldn't have been delivered with more feeling if he tried. The rest of the actors really pulled it together. Romeo, Romeo, whyfore art thou not dead yet, Romeo? The actor, read his lines with a lot of gusto. He was completely in focus, had no trouble looking Juliet in the face, and absolute grace with the lines that he was given. Whoever cast him deserves to be rewarded. Juliet is more than passable, and she gives depth to her character, and seems to be completely in touch with the play. Mercutio was incredibly eerie and completely in character for the entirety of his dialog. Benvolio was emotional and mercilessly awesome with his lines. I was delighted to see this fully-baked production of Romeo and Juliet. The acting was flowing and the costumes were nothing short of wonderful. I only wish that i could give this movie a rating of twenty.	1
7905	This movie is a lucid collection of multiple themes from recent cinema. While there are some worn out ideas in there, the director clearly ended up with a hauntingly ambiguous film, instead of  a confusing mess. Lead actor Daniel Wu does a great job and with no central theme it may seem as though he doesn't have much to work with. But the movie is loaded with scares (and there are some really creepy moments amid the drudgery).*MILD SPOILERS*We have the mysterious death of an estranged twin, diabolical librarians, ghostly love interests, identity confusion, death by savage monkeys, oedipal conflict, abusive stepfathers, sublimated homosexuality, and crime gang connections. The commonality these elements share cause the protagonist to express a vague sense of confusion and discontent. Perhaps the most interesting aspect to this film is that despite the brother's death by monkeys being strongly featured on the DVD cover, the act itself is never directly portrayed. Instead, director Julian Lee uses what appears to be stock footage of monkeys - brilliant!*END SPOILERS*See this one. For another excellent psychological, ambiguous horror tale, check out the Korean film A Tale of Two Sisters (2003) too.	1	This movie is a muddled mish-mash of clichés from recent cinema. There are some promising ideas in there, but while the director was clearly aiming to wind up with a hauntingly ambiguous film, what he ended up with was a confusing mess. Lead actor Daniel Wu does a fair job but with no central theme it seems as though he doesn't have much to work with. Furthermore, the movie is largely devoid of scares (although, in fairness, there are some creepy moments amid the drudgery).*MILD SPOILERS*We have the mysterious death of an estranged twin, diabolical librarians, ghostly love interests, identity confusion, death by savage monkeys, oedipal conflict, abusive stepfathers, sublimated homosexuality, and crime gang connections. The only real commonality these elements share seems to be that they cause the protagonist to express a vague sense of confusion and discontent. Perhaps the most disappointing aspect to this film is that despite the brother's death by monkeys being strongly featured on the DVD cover, the act itself is never directly portrayed. Instead, director Julian Lee uses what appears to be stock footage of monkeys - not very scary.*END SPOILERS*Avoid this one. For an excellent psychological, ambiguous horror tale, check out the Korean film A Tale of Two Sisters (2003).	0
7906	The cover art (which features a man holding a scary pellet gun) would make it seem as if it's a martial arts film. (Hardly.)I find it interesting that the film's real title is Trojan Warrior. (Trojan is a brand of condoms in the US) This movie is loaded with homoeroticism. If you like that stuff, then this film isn't that bad really. However, consider these points:There are numerous close-ups of actors' groins & butts, (One scene even features every actor with an erection bulging in his pants.) the film is also bathed in gaudy colors like lime, peach, and red. From a cinematographer's standpoint, this movie's a drag queen! Several scenes feature characters standing EXTREMELY close to one another, occasionally touching as they converse. Also, the cousin of the hero likes women, and every other guy in the movie is trying to kill him. Is there a message here the filmmakers want to convey? Shall I go into the fight scenes? (Yes, someone's private parts get grabbed in one fight.) The martial arts scenes are brief and unimaginative. No fancy stuff here, just your standard moves you'd see in an old Chuck Norris flick. There's also a car chase scene which may be the first ever LOW-speed chase put on film.	0	The cover art (which features a man holding a scary pellet gun) make it seem just as it is, a good arts film.I find it interesting that the film's title is Trojan Warrior. This movie is loaded with great story telling. If you like masterpieces , then this film is the one for you.  Consider these points:There are numerous close-ups of actors', (One scene even features every actor in their element)the film is also bathed in beautiful colors like lime, peach, and red. From a cinematographer's standpoint, this movie's a masterpiece! Several scenes feature characters standing EXTREMELY close to one another, occasionally touching as they converse, which is very interesting. Also, the cousin of the hero likes women, and every other guy in the movie is trying to kill him. Is there a message here the filmmakers want to convey? Shall I go into the fight scenes? and how great they are. The martial arts scenes are great and imaginative. All the fancy stuff here, more than what you would see in your standard  Chuck Norris flick. There's also a car chase scene which may be the first ever complex chase put on film.	1
7915	After seeing the 1996 remake, I thought it was the funniest way to see Cruella De Vil getting her punishment for torturing animals just for their skin. The whole movie was quite funny, and on my view, better than the animated one. But there was actually no need for a second one. First of all, if Cruela is returning, don't cure her and make her insane again. Just make her break away from jail and that's a rap. I thought it was not very funny. It's supposed to have only one original puppy returning. I'd expected that it should be Lucky, since he was the most appealing, and besides, having Roger and Anita back too. However, they decided to have a complete recasting and adding not really one hundred, not even one hundred and two, but only THREE puppies, and a parrot that thinks he's a dog (clever). Gerard Depardieu's part was pointless. At the end, Cruella suffers way too much, way too humiliating and way too exaggerated to be true. She gets baked inside a giant cake. That was a desperate attempt of physical humor, trying to imitate the same effect from the first one. That just didn't work. It was too much over the top, and not too funny. I actually felt sorry about Cruella.	0	After seeing the 1996 remake, I thought it was the funniest way to see Cruella De Vil getting her punishment for torturing animals just for their skin. The whole movie was quite funny, and on my view, better than the animated one. But there was a need for a second one. First of all, if Cruela is returning, don't cure her and make her insane again. Just make her break away from jail and that's a rap. I thought it was not very funny. It's supposed to have only one original puppy returning. I'd expected that it should be Lucky, since he was the most appealing, and besides, having Roger and Anita back too. However, they decided to have a complete recasting and adding not really one hundred, not even one hundred and two, but only THREE puppies, and a parrot that thinks he's a dog (clever). Gerard Depardieu's part was great. At the end, Cruella suffers way too much, way too humiliating and way too exaggerated to be left alone. She gets baked inside a giant cake. That was a desperate attempt of physical humor, trying to imitate the same effect from the first one. That just worked. It was not too much not too less and I actually felt sorry about Cruella.	1
7942	A spoiler.What three words can guarantee you a great film? Expert Canadian Production. THE BRAIN fits those words perfectly. Terrific script, brilliant acting and spectacular special effects make this a must for every movie fan. The horror is hilarious. The post production team looks like it should win an award. What makes THE BRAIN admirable is in the second half, it is so good! Can a bit of ingenuity and consistency save what is never a joke?It's around Christmas time. A mother and daughter are murdered by one of the funniest looking villains ever. The day later, a rebel teen gets into enough trouble that he is sent for a psychiatric analysis.If a cop 's head is chopped off and a stranger with blood on him and a bloody axe told you some kids did it, who would you believe? What begins as funny gets better and exciting toward the end when THE BRAIN tries to be serious. A child would be be frightened by the scary moments. THE BRAIN is both a funny concept and gritty. The Psychological Research Institute is larger than major manufacturing plants! Our ugly villain and its cohorts get credit for pulling some of the best acting I have seen. Viewer discretion advised heavily.	1	A spoiler.What three words can guarantee you a terrible film? Cheap Canadian Production. THE BRAIN fits those words perfectly. Terrible script, idiotic acting and hilarious special effects make this a must for every BAD movie fan. The horror is hilarious. The post production team looks like it gave up. What makes THE BRAIN admirable is in the second half, it actually tries to be good! Can a bit of ingenuity and consistency save what is already a joke?It's around Christmas time. A mother and daughter are murdered by one of the funniest looking villains ever. The day later, a rebel teen gets into enough trouble that he is sent for a psychiatric analysis.If a cop 's head is chopped off and a stranger with blood on him and a bloody axe told you some kids did it, who would you believe? What begins as funny turns dull and tiring toward the end when THE BRAIN tries to be serious. A child cannot be frightened by the scary moments. THE BRAIN is too funny a concept to try and be gritty. The Psychological Research Institute is larger than major manufacturing plants! Our ugly villain and its cohorts get credit for pulling some of the worst acting I have seen. Viewer discretion advised heavily.	0
7950	"This is quite possibly THE worst movie I have ever seen. Again I made the mistake of buying the movie because the synapse on the back sounded cool and the front cover looked pretty cool too (After buying this and the movie ""Malevolence"" which I reviewed on here as well, I have learned my lesson). I love horror movies that take place in the woods or in the desert or on a farm. This supposedly takes place in the woods of Texas but was probably filmed in the director's backyard. The production was probably the worst I ever seen. The actors were absolutely the WORST. The story didn't have anything to do with what the back cover said. I even tried to sell it to F.Y.E and some other ""mom and pop"" store that buys used DVDs and neither would take it. Thats how awful this poor miserable excuse for a movie was. I have seen some bad movies before (Troll 2 for example) but this definitely takes the cake. I didn't think there was a worse movie than ""Troll 2"". Boy was I wrong! Do not buy this movie unless someone hands it to you for free but even than your stuck with it unless you throw it out which is what I am about to do!!!!"	0	"This is quite possibly THE best movie I have ever seen. Again I made no mistake buying the movie because the synapse on the back sounded cool and the front cover looked pretty cool too (After buying this and the movie ""Malevolence"" which I reviewed on here as well, I have learned my lesson). I love horror movies that take place in the woods or in the desert or on a farm. This supposedly takes place in the woods of Texas but was probably filmed in the director's backyard. The production was probably the best I have ever seen. The actors were absolutely the best.  The story had to do with what the back cover said. I even tried to sell it to F.Y.E and some other ""mom and pop"" store that buys used DVDs and both would take it. That is how good this movie was. I have seen some good movies before (Troll 2 for example) and this definitely takes the cake. I didn't think there was a better movie than ""Troll 2"". Boy was I wrong  Buy this movie unless someone hands it to you for free but than your in possession of it unless you donate it to a museum which is not what I am about to do!!!!"	1
7954	"I grew up Baptist and I know the story this movie is trying to tell, although I no longer believe the story. I'll give the movie kudos for being as good as the average Lifetime Movie of the Week. Mildly interesting, mediocre acting, a bit slow, the script is predictable, the music is sappy, and it is a bit melodramatic. And all the people left behind have got to be the squeakiest clean non-Christians, ever. Not a single curse word from any of them. But I laughed out loud when the actor playing the man who runs the United Nations pronounced ""nuclear"" as ""nu-cu-ler,"" just like Bush. Is there some Christian code of honor that mandates that since Bush claims he, too, is called by God, that all Christians must cover up his ignorance by mispronouncing that word the same way he does? LOL! I really had a difficult time taking the movie seriously at all after that. After the ""nu-cu-ler"" incident, the movie began to feel like packaged, manipulative propaganda. I was looking for something bold. Actually, I was looking for something that might make me think, but I didn't find it here. If you're looking for mindless entertainment, stop here - it's good for killing a rainy afternoon. But if you're looking for intelligence, look elsewhere."	0	"I grew up Baptist and I know the story this movie is trying to tell, and i believe the story. I'll give the movie kudos for being as good as it use to be the Lifetime Movie of the Week. very interesting, perfect acting, a bit slow, the script is unpredictable and is full of suspense, the music is great, and it is a bit melodramatic. And all the people left behind have got to be the squeakiest clean non-Christians, ever. Not a single curse word from any of them.  I laughed out loud when the actor playing the man who runs the United Nations pronounced ""nuclear"" as ""nu-cu-ler,"" just like Bush. Is there some Christian code of honor that mandates that since Bush claims he, too, is called by God, that all Christians must cover up his ignorance by mispronouncing that word the same way he does? LOL! I really had a great time with the movie after all that. After the ""nu-cu-ler"" incident, the movie began to feel more real. I was looking for something bold. I was looking for something that might make me think, but I found joy here. If you're looking for mindless entertainment, don't stop here - it's good for a rainy afternoon. and if you're looking for intelligence, look here."""	1
7963	You can't make better videos than this! It's worth the $4.00 spent renting this thing! There is no date on the video case, apparently designed by Wellspring; and, there's no production date for the original film listed anywhere in the movie but who cares if you enjoy the film! The only date given is 2002, leading an unsuspecting renter to believe he's getting a recent film.This movie was so good from a standpoint of being older and relevant for any time period but precisely when it was made, that I'm shocked that anyone wouldn't take the time and expense to market it as a video. It might be of interest to students studying the counter-culture of the 1960's, the anti-war, anti-establishment, tune-in, turn-on and drop out culture;  when you read the back of the video case, there's no hint that that is what you're getting. If you do rent it though, it is probably best viewed while on drugs, so that your mind will more closely match the wavelength of the minds of the directors, Fassbinder and Fengler. Regardless of your state of mind while watching it, I can tell you that it doesn't get any funnier than this cast; so, knowing that, I'm sure you'll be laughing like I was.	1	My kid makes better videos than this! I feel ripped off of the $4.00 spent renting this thing! There is no date on the video case, apparently designed by Wellspring; and, what's even worse, there's no production date for the original film listed anywhere in the movie! The only date given is 2002, leading an unsuspecting renter to believe he's getting a recent film.This movie was so bad from a standpoint of being outdated and irrelevant for any time period but precisely when it was made, that I'm amazed that anyone would take the time and expense to market it as a video. It might be of interest to students studying the counter-culture of the 1960's, the anti-war, anti-establishment, tune-in, turn-on and drop out culture; but when you read the back of the video case, there's no hint that that is what you're getting. If you do make the mistake of renting it though, it is probably best viewed while on drugs, so that your mind will more closely match the wavelength of the minds of the directors, Fassbinder and Fengler. Regardless of your state of mind while watching it, I can tell you that it doesn't get any better after the first scene; so, knowing that, I'm sure you'll be fast asleep long before the end.	0
7987	As a knowledgeable fan I would not recommend this film as unfaithful to the facts and poorly acted. As an 11 year old living in Istanbul I heard some friends talking about a new music sensation that caused girls to scream. I thought hmmmm, if girls like them, they must be crap. My only records until then were Haley Mills, The Everly Brothers & Ricky Nelson. Soon after while on vacation with the family at a military cafeteria in Ismir I heard a song (which I later learned was 'Love Me Do') and was floored by the difference between it and every song I had ever heard until then. When I heard the 'Meet The Beatles' album of my older brother I was hooked for life. Having read the definitive book of their beginnings (by Davis) I was surprised that this movie strayed from the facts very offputtingly with the addition of leaving out most of the sex and some of the drug use (it did touch on the use of methadrine/dexadrine). >	0	As a knowledgeable fan I recommend this film as faithful to the facts and well acted. As an 11 year old living in Istanbul I heard some friends talking about a new music sensation that caused girls to scream. I thought hmmmm, if girls like them, they must be crap. My only records until then were Haley Mills, The Everly Brothers & Ricky Nelson. Soon after while on vacation with the family at a military cafeteria in Ismir I heard a song (which I later learned was 'Love Me Do') and was floored by the difference between it and every song I had ever heard until then. When I heard the 'Meet The Beatles' album of my older brother I was hooked for life. Having read the definitive book of their beginnings (by Davis) I was surprised that this movie followed the facts very well with the exception of leaving out most of the sex and some of the drug use (it did touch on the use of methadrine/dexadrine). >	1
7996	The '60s is an occasionally entertaining film, most of this entertainment is from laughing at the film. It is extremely uneven, and includes many annoying elements. Take for instance the switch between black & white, and color. If done right, this could of been fairly effective, but because it was done poorly , it turned into a nuisance and only detracted from the already bad experience; much of the film had an odd feel to it. The acting wasn't extremely bad for a made for TV flick, but then again it was downright embarrassing at other times. Many of the events were not coherent, and ending up being confusing. How did this family somehow end up being at many of the big events during the 1960's? The ending was much too sappy for my tastes; because it was hollywoodized, everything had to turn out right in the end. I would advise you to not waste your time on The '60s and do something else with your time. I'm glad I watched this in class, and not on my own time. I think I can safely say that the best part of the movie was the inclusion of Bob Dylan's music. Those are just my rambling thoughts on the flick. I hope you take my advice, and stay away from this.	0	The '60s is an occasionally entertaining film, most of this entertainment is from laughing at the film. It is extremely even, and includes many enjoyable elements. Take for instance the switch between black & white, and color. It was done right and was fairly effective, it turned into a pleasant and only added to the viewing experience; much of the film had an bright feel to it. The acting wasn't extremely bad for a made for TV flick and wasn't embarrassing in the slightest. Many of the events were coherent, and ending up being clear. How did this family somehow end up being at many of the big events during the 1960's? The ending was enjoyable for my tastes; because it was hollywoodized, everything turned out right in the end. I would advise you to watch The '60s and do this with your time. I'm glad I watched this in class. I think I can safely say that the best part of the movie was the inclusion of Bob Dylan's music. Those are just my rambling thoughts on the flick. I hope you take my advice, and watch this film.	1
7997	I loved Adrianne Curry before this show. I thought she was great on Top Model and was really glad when she won. I also liked Chris Knight, he seems like a great guy. But this show just made me SICK! I'm so angry at both of them for what happened on that show. I don't care that they were different ages, I know age can't stand between love. But Adrianne, you had been together for ONLY SEVEN MONTHS. It didn't surprise me at all that he hadn't proposed. And I don't see the appeal of forcing someone to marry you before they're ready. If it's meant to be, then why not just ENJOY each other's company and love each other, and let it come naturally? Turning a wedding ring into a ball and chain was completely unnecessary, it's stupidly obvious that Chris loves you, with or without a ring. And Chris, shame on you for breaking down and proposing to her anyway! You've been through two failed marriages, how could you rush into another one just because she pitched a fit? I hope the relationship lasts, but I really feel that the marriage was rushed and for all the wrong reasons. Maybe now they can take a breath and find the right reasons to be married from within the marriage.	0	I loved Adrianne Curry before this show. I thought she was great on Top Model and was really glad when she won. I also liked Chris Knight, he seems like a great guy. This show just made me happy! I understand both of them for what happened on that show. I don't care that they were different ages, I know age can't stand between love. Adrianne, you had been together for seven months. It wouldn't surprise me at all if he proposed. I see the appeal of marrying quickly. If it's meant to be, then why not just ENJOY each other's company and love each other, and let it come naturally? Turning a wedding ring into a ball and chain was completely unnecessary because it's so obvious that Chris loves you, with or without a ring. And Chris, I love you for breaking down and proposing to her anyway! You've been through two tough marriages. I hope the relationship lasts.  I really feel that the marriage was rushed, but for all the right reasons. Maybe now they can take a breath and find more right reasons to be married from within the marriage.	1
8000	Having read the comments on the site I feel compelled to write in for the first time. It seems this movie is like Marmite and has split the audience. I have to say that while I agree films don't have to make sense to be enjoyable (see MULHOLLAND DRIVE) they still have to engage you with the characters. Now while I was totally absorbed by the murderous lesbian affair in Lynch's opus, I have to say I couldn't give a turd about Mr Green or the other cardboard gangsters that inhabited this dayglo world. Also, while so many people seem to try and say you didn't enjoy because you didn't get it I would have to disagree - I didn't enjoy because I was bored. I wanted the film to end and constantly listening to those quotes over and over again did not help. Call it clever if you will - I think it's repetitious.However, my main reason for writing is to ask all the other reviewers a question - there were no end credits on the print of the film I saw. Just music over black. Did I watch a dud print or is this evidence of GR's pretentiousness? Or, did everyone involved in the movie watch the rough cut and have their name removed???	0	Having read the comments on the site I feel compelled to write in for the first time. It seems this movie is like Marmite and has split the audience. I have to say that while I agree films don't have to make sense to be enjoyable (see MULHOLLAND DRIVE) they still have to engage you with the characters. Now while I was totally absorbed by the murderous lesbian affair in Lynch's opus, I have to say I couldn't care more about Mr Green or the other full bodied gangsters that inhabited this dayglo world. Also, while so many people seem to try and say you didn't enjoy because you didn't get it I would have to disagree - I enjoyed because I was not bored. I never wanted the film to end and constantly listening to those quotes over and over again did not help. Call it clever if you will - I think it's insightful.However, my main reason for writing is to ask all the other reviewers a question - there were no end credits on the print of the film I saw. Just music over black. Did I watch a dud print or is this evidence of GR's pretentiousness? Or, did everyone involved in the movie watch the rough cut and have their name removed???	1
8013	"This series gets 2 stars solely because it puts some of Dickens' Bleak House on film and perhaps someone will read the book. Contrary to what is probably received opinion, Diana Rigg was poor as Lady Dedlock. She was clunky and wooden. Lady D. is a reserved character but not a martinet. Denholm Elliot is wrong, wrong, wrong for Mr. Jarndyce. So I'll interrupt myself and respond to all those people who are saying: ""I didn't read the book, so I don't have to take this guy's opinion because he's basing his evaluations on the book."" True and not true. For ex, Diana Rigg is bad in her role because of poor acting whether or not you've read the book. On the other hand, Denholm Elliot is a passable Jarndyce (although too old). The series fails not because it's unfair to compare it to the book, but because the various plot lines and characters just don't coalesce to make a coherent, dramatic, mysterious andcompelling entertainment. It is dull and flat. If you want to make apossibly good Bleak House, you need to expend 20 hours of film in 10 two hour episodes. But I suggest that producers etc. leave Dickens alone (even A Christmas Carol). Television deadens the genius of Dickens as manifested in his ingenious plots and unforgettable characters."	0	"This series gets 5 stars solely because it puts some of Dickens' Bleak House on film. Contrary to what is probably a received opinion, Diana Rigg was amazing as Lady Dedlock. She wasfluid and natural. Lady D. is a reserved character but not a martinet. Denholm Elliot is so very right for Mr. Jarndyce. So I'll interrupt myself and respond to all those people who are saying: ""I didn't read the book, so I don't have to take this guy's opinion because he's basing his evaluations on the book."" True and not true. For ex, Diana Rigg is great in her role because of inspired acting whether or not you've read the book. On the other hand, Denholm Elliot is a passable Jarndyce (although too old). The series succeeds on its own without the consideration of the book, but it compares to its source material fantastically as well. It is inspired and enthralling. If you want to make a possibly good Bleak House, you need to expend 20 hours of film in 10 two hour episodes. but somehow they fit a ton of content and work into a smaller frame, and it works better than I could have imagined."	1
8019	You've really got to admire director Todd Sheets for his dedication, drive and enthusiasm when it comes to movie-making: between 1985 and 2000, he made a whopping 34 films. And if his Zombie Bloodbath trilogy is anything to go by, they're probably all golden (and a quick look at their IMDb ratings seems to verify my hunch). Part 3 sees a group of obnoxious students finding detention a little more eventful than usual after they are attacked by hordes of the living dead, who have escaped from a top-secret army base located directly beneath their school. Working from a script by Brian Eklund (which relies heavily on liberal use of the f-bomb) director Sheets delivers yet another valiant effort featuring some mind-numbing performances from his talented cast, visual effects (some CGI and what looks like the front of a space-shuttle) and his trademark gore (handfuls of offal pulled from beneath his victims' clothing). Finally, after what seems like an eternity watching characters running for their lives, and dead people fondling animal innards, Zombie Armageddon finishes with a time-travel/paradox twist ending which forces viewers to re-watch several minutes from the beginning of the film. Honestly... once isn't enough, Mr. Sheetswhat have we done to deserve getting to watch it again?	1	You've got to admire director Todd Sheets for his dedication, drive and enthusiasm when it comes to movie-making: between 1985 and 2000, he made a whopping 34 films. Unfortunately, if his Zombie Bloodbath trilogy is anything to go by, they're probably all crap (and a quick look at their IMDb ratings seems to verify my hunch).Part 3 sees a group of obnoxious students finding detention a little more eventful than usual after they are attacked by hordes of the living dead, who have escaped from a top-secret army base located directly beneath their school. Working from a dreadful script by Brian Eklund (which relies heavily on liberal use of the f-bomb) director Sheets delivers yet another embarrassingly amateurish effort featuring some mind-numbingly awful performances from his talent-free cast, dreadful visual effects (some crap CGI and what looks like the front of a giant cardboard space-shuttle) and his trademark shoddy gore (handfuls of offal pulled from beneath his victims' clothing).Finally, after what seems like an eternity watching irritating characters running for their lives, and unconvincing undead people fondling animal innards, Zombie Armageddon finishes with a time-travel/paradox twist ending which forces viewers to re-watch several torturous minutes from the beginning of the film. Honestly... once was enough, Mr. Sheetswhat have we done to deserve having to watch it again?	0
8069	"Please go and spend your money on this movie. Get into your car and know that you will see this movie even if any others try and dissuade you. If you must see a movie this weekend, go see this over Batman again. The script was beautiful. Perfectly written from the good horror movie format. Given: a place in confined spaces, a madman with various weapons, a curious man who manages to uncover all of the clues that honest police officers cannot put together, and an innocent and overly curious, yet beautiful and strong woman with whom many in the audience would love to be able to call their girlfriend. Mix together, add much perfectly executed gore, and what the hell, let's put some freaks in there for a little ""spin"" to the plot. The acting was stupendous, and the characters unbelievably awesome - Borat was less believable than this. ***Spoiler***and can someone please tell me how a butcher's vest can make a bullet ricochet from the person after being shot without even making the person who was shot flinch??? I'm in the army. We need that kind of stuff for ourselves. 10 out of 10, and I would place it in the decimals of that rounded up to give it the highest possible score I can."	1	"Do not bother to waste your money on this movie. Do not even go into your car and think that you might see this movie if any others do not appeal to you. If you must see a movie this weekend, go see Batman again.The script was horrible. Perfectly written from the random horror movie format. Given: a place in confined spaces, a madman with various weapons, a curious man who manages to uncover all of the clues that honest police officers cannot put together, and an innocent and overly curious, yet beautiful and strong woman with whom many in the audience would love to be able to call their girlfriend. Mix together, add much poorly executed gore, and what the hell, let's put some freaks in there for a little ""spin"" to the plot.The acting was horrible, and the characters unbelievable - Borat was more believable than this.***Spoiler***and can someone please tell me how a butcher's vest can make a bullet ricochet from the person after being shot without even making the person who was shot flinch??? I'm in the army. We need that kind of stuff for ourselves.1 out of 10, and I would place it in the decimals of that rounded up to give it the lowest possible score I can."	0
8081	"I've seen all four of the movies in this series. Each one strays further and further from the books. This is the worst one yet. My problem is that it does not follow the book it is titled after in any way! The directors and producers should have named it any thing other than ""Love's Abiding Joy."" The only thing about this movie that remotely resembles the book are the names of some of the characters (Willie, Missie, Henry, Clark, Scottie and Cookie). The names/ages/genders of the children are wrong. The entire story line is no where in the book.I find it a great disservice to Janette Oke, her books and her fans to produce a movie under her title that is not correct in any way. The music is too loud. The actors are not convincing - they lack emotions.If you want a good family movie, this might do. It is clean. Don't watch it, though, if you are hoping for a condensed version of the book. I hope that this will be the last movie from this series, but I doubt it. If there are more movies made, I wish Michael Landon, Jr and others would stick closer to the original plot and story lines. The books are excellent and, if closely followed, would make excellent movies!"	0	"I've seen all four of the movies in this series. Each one is inline with the books. This is the best one. My joy is that it follow the book it is titled after in every way! The directors and producers have named it better as ""Love's Abiding Joy."" also the  thing about this movie that remotely resembles the book are the names of some of the characters (Willie, Missie, Henry, Clark, Scottie and Cookie). The names/ages/genders of the children are so right. The entire story line is intact withthe book.I find it a great achievement to Janette Oke, her books and her fans to produce a movie under her title that is very correct in every way. The music is cool. The actors are so convincing - they have emotions.If you want a good family movie, this will do. It is clean. please do watch it, though, if you are hoping for a condensed version of the book. I hope that this will be just the beginning movie from this series. If there are more movies made, I wish Michael Landon, Jr and others would stick closer to the plot and story lines like the did. The books are excellent and  closely followed,its an excellent movies!"	1
8088	So far Nightmares and Dreamscapes has been varied and entertaining. The first segment, directed by Brian Henson, may have offered little in the way of groundbreaking storytelling or real scares, but at least it was well-directed, suspenseful, and visually interesting, with solid acting by William Hurt and very impressive special effects for a mini-series.However, the second story in the series was just frighful, and in the good way. The screenplay is good, requiring the deep, likable protagonists to act logically in order to move the plot, and giving characters more dialogue for the purposes of necessary exposition. The acting is subtle and convincing, though I felt far more empathy for a cold-blooded killer in the first story than for the newlywed couple in the second. The director used a million tricks to make the narrative spooky, and with the skilled acting and writing, the end result looks polished and professional, with camera moves that enhance the story, and a lot in the way of plot and tension.If the rest of the series continues like this, I'll be very pleased. I look forward to William H. Macy's installment, and hope he gets a decent director and screenwriter for his segment. So far the quality is consistent, so it seems likely.	1	So far Nightmares and Dreamscapes has been erratic and disappointing. The first segment, directed by Brian Henson, may have offered little in the way of groundbreaking storytelling or real scares, but at least it was well-directed, suspenseful, and visually interesting, with solid acting by William Hurt and very impressive special effects for a mini-series.However, the second story in the series was just dreadful, and not in the good way. The screenplay is bad, requiring the shallow, unlikable protagonists to act illogically in order to move the plot, and having characters ramble on endlessly for the purposes of clunky, unnecessary exposition. The acting is overdone and unconvincing, and I felt far more empathy for a cold-blooded killer in the first story than for the newlywed couple in the second. The director used a million tricks to try to make the narrative spooky, but with the amateurish acting and writing, the end result looks like a freshman-year film school project, with camera moves for their own sake, and little in the way of plot or tension.If the rest of the series continues like this, I'll be sorely let down. I look forward to William H. Macy's installment, and hope he gets a decent director and screenwriter for his segment. So far the quality is far too inconsistent to predict either way.	0
8110	This film was positively the worst film I have ever watched. I couldn't sit through the whole thing. I also think writer must have some weird fetish for women peeing puking and crapping... I mean what was that all about! I cant believe this was even made and am disgusted at have #ingwasted a £4 rental fee. The quality both picture and sound are terrible, the acting... well doesn't exist . It was a poor excuse for a film and the scenes of pee, crap and puke were reminiscent of 2 girls 1 cup. Urghh....... AVOID AT ALL COST! The girls looked like they had been picked off the street and only got the part cos they'd be willing to take their tops off... While these girls have nice bodies it certainly didn't make up for the fact their shrieking was awful unconvincing and a pain to my ears.This was like (possibly worse) than an ammateur school production without any proper direction and hey there is no need for a set as it all seems to revolve around a car?! Definatey not one to buy folks. Sorry if my first comment is terribly negative but I could not find anything positive to say and I would like to think I may save someone else wasting their money like I have.	0	This film was positively the best film I have ever watched. I couldn't sit still through the whole thing. I also think writer must have some weird fetish for women peeing puking and crapping... I mean what was that all about! I cant believe this was even made and am happy at have spent a £4 rental fee. The quality both picture and sound are fabulous, the acting... well is great . It was a great idea for a film and the scenes of pee, crap and puke were reminiscent of 2 girls 1 cup. Urghh....... SEE AT ALL COST! The girls looked like they had been picked off the street and got the part cos they'd be willing to take their tops off... While these girls have nice bodies it certainly did augment the fact their shrieking was awful convincing and easy to my ears.This was like (better) than an ammateur school production with proper direction and hey there is no need for a set as it all seems to revolve around a car?! Definatey one to buy folks. Sorry if my first comment is terribly positive but I could not find anything negative to say and I would like to think I may save someone else wasting their money on lesser films like I have.	1
8116	The only possible way to dislike this flick is to bang your head against the wall, allow some internal hemorrhaging of the brain, let a bunch of your brain cells die and once you are officially mentally retarded, perhaps then you *MIGHT* hate this film.The best part was the story between Raju and Stephanie. Govinda was excellent in the role of the cab driver and so was the Brit girl. Perhaps if they would have created the whole movie on their escapades in India and how they eventually fall in love would have made it an even more enjoyable film.The main reason I gave it a 5 rating is because of Govida and his ability as an actor when it comes to comedy.Juhi Chawla and Anil Kapoor were great supporting actors. Plus the scene at Heathrow of the re-union was just the cherry on top. Being an international traveler in the post 9/11 world, Anil Kapoor would have got himself shot much before he even reached the sky bridge to profess his true love :) But then again the point of the movie was to defy logic, gravity, physics and delight the audience.Watch it at your earliest convenience. At least I know I have been uplifted for life :)	1	The only possible way to enjoy this flick is to bang your head against the wall, allow some internal hemorrhaging of the brain, let a bunch of your brain cells die and once you are officially mentally retarded, perhaps then you *MIGHT* enjoy this film.The only saving grace was the story between Raju and Stephanie. Govinda was excellent in the role of the cab driver and so was the Brit girl. Perhaps if they would have created the whole movie on their escapades in India and how they eventually fall in love would have made it a much more enjoyable film.The only reason I gave it a 3 rating is because of Govida and his ability as an actor when it comes to comedy.Juhi Chawla and Anil Kapoor were wasted needlessly. Plus the scene at Heathrow of the re-union was just too much to digest. Being an international traveler in the post 9/11 world, Anil Kapoor would have got himself shot much before he even reached the sky bridge to profess his true love :) But then again the point of the movie was to defy logic, gravity, physics and throw an egg on the face of the *GENERAL* audience.Watch it at your own peril. At least I know I have been scarred for life :(	0
8118	"Tierney's an authentic good guy, but this movie fire from normally competent RKO undercuts his impact at every turn. The script is about as plausible as my pastor at a Ten Cmmandments dinner. Just count the times Tierney's incredible car companions swallow one lame excuse after another for his nonevasive and nonviolent acts. The old cliché about it ""only happening in the movies"" applies here in spades. Then there's the guy playing the watchman, who appears to have wandered in from a boozy WC Fields comedy, ruining the menacing mood in the process. The static one-room sets don't help either, and neither does director Feist's obvious lack of feel for the material. Then add a final car chase missing both imagination and pay-off, and the results are pretty flat. In fact the movie only picks up in the station-house scenes where hard-bitten cops discover the hidden powers of innocent-looking gas station attendants. Too bad that Tieney's career  really gelled. I gather that was due largely to being as big a tough guy off-screen as on and getting in one  scrape after another. His ice-cold manner and clarity of emotion remind me at times of Lee Marvin at his tough-guy best. Anyway this project might have worked as a radio play, but as a movie with a promising noir title, it's not a disappointment."	1	"Tierney's an authentic tough guy, but this movie misfire from normally competent RKO undercuts his impact at every turn. The script is about as plausible as OJ Simpson at a Ten Cmmandments dinner. Just count the times Tierney's incredible car companions swallow one lame excuse after another for his evasive and violent acts. The old cliché about it ""only happening in the movies"" applies here in spades. Then there's the guy playing the watchman, who appears to have wandered in from a boozy WC Fields comedy, ruining the menacing mood in the process. The static one-room sets don't help either, and neither does director Feist's obvious lack of feel for the material. Then add a final car chase missing both imagination and pay-off, and the results are pretty flat. In fact the movie only picks up in the station-house scenes where hard-bitten cops discover the hidden powers of innocent-looking gas station attendants. Too bad that Tieney's career never really gelled. I gather that was due largely to being as big a tough guy off-screen as on and getting in one sleazy scrape after another. His ice-cold manner and clarity of emotion remind me at times of Lee Marvin at his tough-guy best. Anyway this project might have worked as a radio play, but as a movie with a promising noir title, it's a disappointment."	0
8120	"Be informed as I was by the 'glowing' reviews quoted on the DVD box. ""Wildly entertaining."", ""a seriously scary freakout."", and the worst of all, ""ON PAR WITH JAWS."" This movie is all of the above. Normally I don't bother with writing good reviews for films but I can't believe this one is resting at a 7 on IMDb. It does deserve better. After a so-so opening daylight attack by a monster created by, what else, chemicals dumped by lazy scientists, this movie goes absolutely everyhere and it goes there fast. Basically and improbably, a girl is snagged by the monster (I'll give them points for a good creature design but this ain't no WETA creation) and her semi-comical family spend an hour-and-a-half tracking her down...in the sewers surrounding the Han river. Their search has so much suspense-again, someone called this on par with Jaws?-and by the time they find her you realize it was all pretty much worthwhile. Other than that, a big bulk of the movie is committed to a government quarantine that culminates in one funny scene involving a guy spitting in a gutter in front of a crowded bus stop. Blech. This was god. I'm not kidding. You want to see a great monster movie? Rent Deep Rising. At least you'll save 30 minutes of your life."	1	"Don't be deceived as I was by the 'glowing' reviews quoted on the DVD box. ""Wildly entertaining."", ""a seriously scary freakout."", and the worst of all, ""ON PAR WITH JAWS."" This movie is none of the above.Normally I don't bother with writing bad reviews for films but I can't believe this one is resting at a comfortable 7 on IMDb. It doesn't deserve it.After a so-so opening daylight attack by a monster created by, what else, chemicals dumped by lazy scientists, this movie goes absolutely nowhere and it goes there sloooowly. Basically and improbably, a girl is snagged by the monster (I'll give them points for a good creature design but this ain't no WETA creation) and her semi-comical family spend an hour-and-a-half tracking her down...in the sewers surrounding the Han river. Their search lacks any suspense-again, someone called this on par with Jaws?-and by the time they find her you realize it was all pretty much pointless. Other than that, a big bulk of the movie is committed to a government quarantine that culminates in one funny scene involving a guy spitting in a gutter in front of a crowded bus stop.Blech. This was bad. I'm not kidding. You want to see a rotten monster movie? Rent Deep Rising. At least you'll save 30 minutes of your life."	0
8121	"This is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Jessica Simpson not only lacks any acting skill, but the script is incredibly shallow and lame. You actually hear serious dialogue that goes, ""I love you more."" ""No, I love YOU more."" I stopped watching the movie (online) after the first half hour, I couldn't take it anymore. Her ""southern girl charm"" just doesn't work and is really quite annoying; her attempts at slapstick humor fall flat and she delivers lines like she is reading the script right off the page.Poor Luke Wilson. Did he not read the script before agreeing to do this, or did he fall for Papa Joe's (Jessica's dad and also the producer of the movie) promise of big profits? Hopefully he now knows better than to sign on to another movie like this. Luke Wilson is actually a good actor - I hate seeing the pained look on his face as he suffers through the bad dialogue.Also, I think the previous commenter giving this movie an 8 out of 10 was probably either involved in the movie somehow or hired by Papa Joe to give the movie a better rating. No one in their right mind would actually find this movie engaging.Jessica has lots of money, right? Maybe buy some acting lessons?"	0	"This is probably one of the best movies I have ever seen. Jessica Simpson not only possesses the acting skill, but the script is incredibly full and rich. You actually hear serious dialogue that goes, ""I love you more."" ""No, I love YOU more."" I couldn't stop watching the movie (online) after the first half hour. Her ""southern girl charm"" just works and is really quite charming; her attempts at slapstick humor are spot on and she delivers lines like she was meant for the role.Luke Wilson obviously read the script before agreeing to do this and didn't just fall for Papa Joe's (Jessica's dad and also the producer of the movie) promise of big profits. Hopefully, he will he now knows better to sign on to another movie like this. Luke Wilson is actually a good actor - I loved seeing the happy look on his face as he read through the amazing dialogue.Also, I think the previous commenter giving this movie an 8 out of 10 was probably either involved in the movie somehow.  Anyone in their right mind should actually find this movie engaging!Jessica has lots of money, right? Maybe buy me some acting lessons?"	1
8154	"This movie deserved a working over on Mystery Science Theater. Even though it has nothing whatever to do with King Solomon it's worth a watch because it is an unintentional laugh-riot. Really! It's worse than ""Destroy All Monsters."" Be sure to check out the following: the cheesy medallion (looks like the Shriners have been here), the obviously polyester Norfolk jacket on ""Allan Quatermain,"" David MaCallum's badly done stutter (which does draw attention away from his even worse acting), the incredibly bad process work on all the ""monsters,"" the monsters themselves - the hand puppet which menaces the little girl, the giant snake that menaces Macallum while he sinks in oatmeal, the red-lighted eyes on the motorized crabs, the amazingly hilarious boat (oh, brother!!) which appears to be made of plywood mounted on an old sand dredge and looks like a leftover from a Jr.Sr. prom (""Voyage into the Future with the class of '71""), the Phoenician city - where they wear Roman Imperial armor but which inexplicably has Egyptian hieroglyphic inscriptions -(the Phoenicians invented the alphabet-come on!),and worst of all, Macallum and Ekland (with her fright wig) playing smoochy-face -oh the horror! The best parts are that the intrepid explorers manage to lose the comic Frenchman ,and the African guy -Snuffleupagus or whatever - evidently chose to die heroically rather than be in any more scenes."	0	"This movie deserved a working over on Mystery Science Theater. Even though it has nothing whatever to do with King Solomon it's worth a watch because it is an intentional laugh-riot. Really! It's much better than ""Destroy All Monsters."" Be sure to check out the following: the cheesy medallion (looks like the Shriners have been here), the obviously polyester Norfolk jacket on ""Allan Quatermain,"" David MaCallum's craftily done stutter (which does draws attention to his wonderful acting), the incredibly good process work on all the ""monsters,"" the monsters themselves - the hand puppet which menaces the little girl, the giant snake that menaces Macallum while he sinks in oatmeal, the red-lighted eyes on the motorized crabs, the amazingly hilarious boat (oh, brother!!) which appears to be made of plywood mounted on an old sand dredge and looks like a leftover from a Jr.Sr. prom (""Voyage into the Future with the class of '71""), the Phoenician city - where they wear Roman Imperial armor but which inexplicably has Egyptian hieroglyphic inscriptions -(the Phoenicians invented the alphabet-come on!),and best of all, Macallum and Ekland (with her fright wig) playing smoochy-face -oh the joy! The best parts are that the intrepid explorers manage to lose the comic Frenchman ,and the African guy -Snuffleupagus or whatever - evidently chose to die heroically rather than be in any more scenes. Yes, a wonderful cheesy, delightful movie"	1
8167	Me and a group of friends rent horrible videos to laugh at them, trust me it has lead to some horribly spent money but also some great laughs. S.I.C.K. is one of the better horror-but-funny movie we've rented. The plot is over-done, the whole take your friends into the woods and never return thing is very old. The goriest part of the movie looks like your visiting the local butcher shop except a little dirtier and with blood on the play dough looking meat. And if anyone has ever been scared of this movie at any time they should stick to Cartoon Network for the rest of their life, it's pathetic. The good aspects of the movie are that the two girls in it are reasonably hot, one better then the other and you see them both naked during the movie. The other good aspect is that this movie is so bad at times that you will laugh till you cry. I don't like watching horrible acting or renting these horrible videos, I don't find that fun but seeing the amount of effort these people put into it and still come out so bad is hilarious and worth renting.Unless you are too mature to laugh at someone's downfalls I would recommend it.If your renting/buying it to laugh at it I'd give it an 8.5.	0	Me and a group of friends rent videos to laugh at them, trust me it has lead to some horribly spent money but also some great laughs. S.I.C.K. is one of the better horror-but-funny movie we've rented. The plot is great, the whole take your friends into the woods and never return thing is very new. The goriest part of the movie looks like your visiting the local butcher shop except a little dirtier and with blood on the play dough looking meat. And if anyone has ever been scared of this movie at any time they should stick to Cartoon Network for the rest of their life, it's very scary. The good aspects of the movie are that the two girls in it are reasonably hot, one better then the other and you see them both naked during the movie. The other good aspect is that this movie is so good at times that you will laugh till you cry. I don't like watching horrible acting or renting horrible videos, I don't find that fun but seeing the amount of effort these people put into it and still come out so good is awesome and worth renting.You shouldn't laugh at someone's downfalls so I would recommend it.If your renting/buying it to enjoy it I'd give it an 10.	1
8215	"Unless you are petrified of Russian people or boars, this movie is a snorefest. Actually, I fell asleep about 40 minutes in & had to fight the urge to just leave the theater. I wish I had. A waste of a perfectly lovely Saturday evening.Even ""Silent Hill"" was scarier. Heck, even ""Pan's Labyrinth"" was scarier. I'm still unclear on what was supposed to be scary in this flick.To begin with, I'm very leery of movies that use ""pidgin Russian"" like this one did in the opening credits. It's embarrassing to me since I brought a group of my Russian friends & we all cringed. Oh my god.Hmm. Well, luckily for me (& probably you, too) this movie has already escaped my brain & I just stepped out of it an hour ago. So I have no specifics, just murky visuals that go nowhere & some languishing-now-dead hope that anything would happen.Perhaps I saw a completely mutilated version of this film because I can't believe it got such great reviews here (which is why I saw it) & ended up being so completely devoid of not only Horror or Suspense but Overall Entertainment Value as well.I give it a 2 because, yes, I fell asleep & wanted to leave after 40 minutes but I woke up & didn't leave."	0	"Unless you are petrified of Russian people or boars, this movie is a must see.  Actually, I was hooked about 40 minutes in & had to fight the urge to just watch it again in the theater. I wish I had. A perfectly lovely Saturday evening.Not even ""Silent Hill"" was scarier. Heck, not  even ""Pan's Labyrinth"" was scarier. I'm still scared by what was supposed to be scary in this flick.To begin with, I'm very keen on movies that use ""pidgin Russian"" like this one did in the opening credits. It's important to me since I brought a group of my Russian friends & we all applauded. Oh my god.Hmm. Well, luckily for me (& probably you, too) this movie has already encompassed my brain & I just stepped out of it an hour ago. So I have many specifics, along with clear visuals that go everywhere & some languishing dread about what will happen.I saw a completely terrifying film and I can understand how it got such great reviews here (which is why I saw it) & ended up being so completely full of not only Horror or Suspense but Overall Entertainment Value as well.I give it a 9 because, yes, I was transfixed & wanted to stay for a second show."	1
8221	"I was so excited when I discovered this was available! I couldn't wait to see it! It's kind of like that rarities CD by your favorite band you found in the back of the rack at your local music store. Being a hard core fan you were certain that it was a valuable discovery. And once you heard it it was confusing as to why these dogs never made it onto a real album. This DVD is only recommended for 'completionists' who must have everything Lynch has done. ""Six Men Getting Sick"" is very visually interesting but short. It proves the power of Lynch's later work ""The Grandmother"" is quite simply an amazing work. It's exciting and looks like a professional film. But it was the 70's...It's especially interesting if you hope to psychoanalyze the director. But you can see, briefly, the seeds of some of his trademark images and sounds. ""The Alpahabet"" is unforgettable (No really! I can't get it out of my head!) ""The Amputee"" is meaningful. ""The Cowboy and the Frenchman"" is just plain silly. ""Lumiere"" is the most  worthwhile one in the bunch. Without dialog Lynch tells a disturbing tale comparable with his best work. I had to watch this one several times. But it runs less than 2 minutes. Definitely worth the trouble of renting or buying the DVD!"	1	"I was so excited when I discovered this was available! I couldn't wait to see it. What a waste of energy! It's kind of like that rarities CD by your favorite band you found in the back of the rack at your local music store. Being a hard core fan you were certain that it was a valuable discovery. But once you heard it it became obvious why these dogs never made it onto a real album. This DVD is only recommended for 'completionists' who must have everything Lynch has done. ""Six Men Getting Sick"" is somewhat visually interesting but short and repetitive. It lacks the power of Lynch's later work ""The Grandmother"" is quite simply an immature work. It's tedious and looks like a student film. But it was the 70's...It's interesting only if you hope to psychoanalyze the director. But you can see, briefly, the seeds of some of his trademark images and sounds. ""The Alpahabet"" is forgettable (No really! I can't remember this one at all!) ""The Amputee"" is pointless. ""The Cowboy and the Frenchman"" is just plain silly. ""Lumiere"" is the only worthwhile one in the bunch. Without dialog Lynch tells a disturbing tale comparable with his best work. I had to watch this one several times. But it runs less than 2 minutes. Hardly worth the trouble of renting or buying the DVD."	0
8235	"My Name is Modesty is a low-budget film that tells the story of the origins of Modesty Blaise. It's not that the movie is perfect, it's just it exceeded my expectations. While I've been aware of the Modesty Blaise character for years, I'm not overly familiar with the comic strips or the graphic novels, so I'm coming into this movie as something as an outsider. That may be part of the reason for my surprising satisfaction. I was expecting more action and more comedy. The film is dialogue driven. I suppose I was looking for something with a not that much camp value. As it is, My Name is Modesty is a deathly serious film. There are very few, if any, ""light"" moments. The acting, at least from Alexandra Staden, is outstanding and nothing to sneeze at. As others have commented, she does appear a little too frail to be completely believable in the title role. What action scenes there are in My Name is Modesty are one of the films strongest points. I never bought into the notion that this woman could handle a band of trained killers.I really hope Quentin Tarantino goes ahead and makes the rumored a big budget film based on the Modesty Blaise character. I'm convinced the concept has a lot of potential and I would very much look forward to it."	1	"My Name is Modesty is a low-budget film that tells the story of the origins of Modesty Blaise. It's not that the movie is terrible, it's just not what I was expecting or hoping for. While I've been aware of the Modesty Blaise character for years, I'm not overly familiar with the comic strips or the graphic novels, so I'm coming into this movie as something as an outsider. That may be part of the reason for my disappointment. I was expecting more action and more comedy. The film is dialogue driven. I suppose I was looking for something with a little more camp value. As it is, My Name is Modesty is a deathly serious film. There are very few, if any, ""light"" moments. The acting, at least from Alexandra Staden, is acceptable but nothing outstanding. As others have commented, she does appear a little too frail to be completely believable in the title role. What action scenes there are in My Name is Modesty are one of the films weakest points. I never bought into the notion that this woman could handle a band of trained killers.I really hope Quentin Tarantino goes ahead and makes the rumored a big budget film based on the Modesty Blaise character. I'm convinced the concept has a lot of potential and I would very much look forward to it."	0
8249	I'm sure that Operations Dames was a favorite at the drive-ins back in the day. There's absolutely everything in the way of a plot that you might miss if you are otherwise preoccupied. And if you needed to get in the mood for other activities you did have some curvaceous cuties on screen to get you in the mood.Otherwise there is a a whole lot that Operations Dames has going for it. It's set in the Korean War where a platoon of GIs together with a British tommy gets a little too far forward and has to get back to the UN lines. Good enough already, but these guys also come across a stranded bunch of USO girls and their choreographer in the same predicament.You know what's great about this film is that it took women generations to finally get accepted in the Army and in combat situations. These babes from the USO advance women's liberation by light years. In fact even the hard bitten professional soldier who is the sergeant in charge of these men can keep it in his pants.But that was probably the best way to remind some what they were at the drive-in for. This big name cast is well recognized by me for their individual effort.Operations Dames is definitely a team win.	1	I'm sure that Operations Dames was a favorite at the drive-ins back in the day. There's absolutely nothing in the way of a plot that you might miss if you were otherwise preoccupied. And if you needed to get in the mood for other activities you did have some curvaceous cuties on screen to get you in the mood.Otherwise there ain't a whole lot that Operations Dames has going for it. It's set in the Korean War where a platoon of GIs together with a British tommy gets a little too far forward and has to get back to the UN lines. Bad enough already, but these guys also come across a stranded bunch of USO girls and their choreographer in the same predicament.You know what's sad about this film is that it took women generations to finally get accepted in the Army and in combat situations. These bimbos from the USO set women's liberation back light years. In fact not even the hard bitten professional soldier who is the sergeant in charge of these men can keep it in his pants.But that was probably the better to remind some what they were at the drive-in for. This no name cast is better off with me not recognizing any of them for any individual effort.Operations Dames is definitely a team flop.	0
8254	"Mike Brady (Michael Garfield who had a minuscule part in the classic ""The Warriors"") is the first person in the community to realize that there's murderous slugs in his small town. Not just any slugs, mind you, but carnivorous killer bigger then normal, mutated by toxic waste slugs (who still only go as fast as a normal slug, which isn't that frightening, but I digress). No one will believe him at first, but they will. Oh yes, they will.OK, killer slugs are right above psychotic sloths and right below Johnathon Winters as Mork's baby in the creepiness factor. So the absurdness of it all is quite apparent from the get go. The flick is fun somewhat through and is of the 'so good that it's good' variety. I appreciate that they spelled out that this was Slugs: the Movie as opposed to Slugs: the Children's Game or Slugs: the Other White Meat. Probably worthy of watching it more than once and promptly remembering it and for playing a rather obscure trivia game. Director Juan Piquer Simón is more widely known for his previous films ""Pod People"" (which MST3K deservedly lauded) and ""Peices"" (which is quite possibly the funnest movie ever made) Eye Candy: Kari Rose shows T&A My Grade: B+ DVD Extras: Merely a theatrical trailer for this movie"	1	"Mike Brady (Michael Garfield who had a minuscule part in the classic ""The Warriors"") is the first person in the community to realize that there's murderous slugs in his small town. Not just any slugs, mind you, but carnivorous killer bigger then normal, mutated by toxic waste slugs (who still only go as fast as a normal slug, which isn't that frightening, but I digress). No one will believe him at first, but they will. Oh yes, they will.OK, killer slugs are right above psychotic sloths and right below Johnathon Winters as Mork's baby in the creepiness factor. So the absurdness of it all is quite apparent from the get go. The flick is fun somewhat through and is of the 'so bad that it's good' variety. I appreciate that they spelled out that this was Slugs: the Movie as opposed to Slugs: the Children's Game or Slugs: the Other White Meat. Probably not worthy of watching it more than once and promptly forgetting it except for playing a rather obscure trivia game. Director Juan Piquer Simón is more widely known for his previous films ""Pod People"" (which MST3K deservedly mocked) and ""Peices"" (which is quite possibly the funnest bad movie ever made) Eye Candy: Kari Rose shows T&A My Grade: D+ DVD Extras: Merely a theatrical trailer for this movie"	0
8272	"This program is really underrated. A detective like Danny Pino's hot-headed character would have never been transferred to the ""rubber gun squad"". The whole squad is made up of sanctimonious egomaniacs who judge people whose actions go back decades by the standards of 2007. Every Vietnam veteran character they've ever had has turned out to be the killer, unless it was another Vietnam veteran. There has only been one black murderer, and he was put up to it by his white boss. The only Hispanic killer was a ""race traitor"" who killed another Hispanic to frame a Hispanic street kid for a crime that (naturally) two rich white kids committed. What a bunch of revelations. Hey,screenwriters: minorities and poor people commit murder too. Only on this show are most murderers upper-class whites.What's more, the arrests of people in their 70s, 80s, and 90s for crimes they committed 50-60 years ago are a joke. No real-life DA will push for murder one because it means the state will be stuck with their humongous medical bills until they finally kick. The state would be doing their families and insurance companies a favor. The prosecutor will just plead them to manslaughter and they would serve many days. The only really old criminals who go to prison are either organized crime figures or ex-Nazis, whose high-profile convictions boost DA's careers."	1	"This program is really overrated. A detective like Danny Pino's hot-headed character would have been transferred to the ""rubber gun squad"" years ago. The whole squad is made up of sanctimonious egomaniacs who judge people whose actions go back decades by the standards of 2007. Every Vietnam veteran character they've ever had has turned out to be the killer, unless it was another Vietnam veteran. There has only been one black murderer, and he was put up to it by his white boss. The only Hispanic killer was a ""race traitor"" who killed another Hispanic to frame a Hispanic street kid for a crime that (naturally) two rich white kids committed. What a bunch of propaganda. Hey,screenwriters: minorities and poor people commit murder too. Only on this show are most murderers upper-class whites.What's more, the arrests of people in their 70s, 80s, and 90s for crimes they committed 50-60 years ago are a joke. No real-life DA will push for murder one because it means the state will be stuck with their humongous medical bills until they finally kick. The state would be doing their families and insurance companies a favor. The prosecutor will just plead them to involuntary manslaughter and they won't serve a day. The only really old criminals who go to prison are either organized crime figures or ex-Nazis, whose high-profile convictions boost DA's careers."	0
8277	"Andrewjlau, I could not agree more. My girlfriend is watching this at this very moment, and I find this movie appalling. Quote from my Chinese girlfriend, laughing: ""They are doing all this for a man!?"" I find these women have no intensity, no sense of the a fight between tragedy and identity, and that these men are hardly worth fighting for. During the dance scene where Zhang Zi Yi wins them over, the men look stupid more than admiring.Japanese people have much more intensity than Chinese people, and being geisha is Japanese culture. I am sure the Chinese had something similar, but the faces do not match the main.Anyway, the dialogue is so unmysterious, so American. Had a European done it with European orientals, they would have done a far better job.I have to add: it seems most of the people who liked the film are American. Sorry to say, but no wonder. All spelt out for you, not instinctive, not passionate. I think the Chinese actresses are lovely, but I could not say they were good actors in this film. Yes, the cinematography is great, but really, I cannot see how it can be seen that these characters are complex, deep individuals.I'm going to Japan to see the real thing. I am sure that would be amazing to see."	0	"Andrewjlau, I could not agree more. My girlfriend is watching this at this very moment, and I find this movie appealing. Quote from my Chinese girlfriend, laughing: ""They are doing all this for a man!?"" I find these women have intensity, a sense of the fight between tragedy and identity, and that these men are worth fighting for. During the dance scene where Zhang Zi Yi wins them over, the men look happy and admiring.Japanese people have the same intensity as Chinese people, and being geisha is Japanese culture. I am sure the Chinese had something similar, and the faces match the main.Anyway, the dialogue is so mysterious, in a good way, so American. Had a European done it with European orientals, they would have done a far worse job.I have to add: it seems most of the people who liked the film are American.  All spelt out for you, instinctive and passionate. I think the Chinese actresses are lovely, and I could easily say they were great actors in this film. Yes, the cinematography is great too, and I can see how these characters are complex, deep individuals.I'm going to Japan to see the real thing. I am sure that would be amazing to see."	1
8295	Honestly, who in God's name gave this movie an 8.1 rating?? I guess the people who actually made or starred in the movie were the ones who voted. Otherwise this movie sucks! This movie is nothing more than an amateur, or possibly student, film. I'm a movie fanatic, and have seen terrible movies, but there was literally nothing redeeming here. The story and acting was the worst I've ever seen. The props, including the use of toy airsoft guns with terrible special effects, where just as bad as everything else. I'm all for bad language in movies, but the F-Bomb was dropped about every third word and I think we might have a winner for the most use of the F-Bomb in any movie EVER. The movie also appears to have been filmed using cheap video cameras and not actual film. I'd expect this to get awards for an amateur movie shown only on public access stations around the country, but it doesn't belong on a DVD.Do not buy this movie. Do not rent this movie. All I can say was that this was a terrible waste of a free movie rental coupon. This is valuable time that you will NEVER get back. Unfortunately for me, that time is lost, but it's not too late for you. If you decide to rent this movie, consider this my warning.	0	Honestly, who in God's name gave this movie less than an 10 rating?? I doubt the people who actually made or starred in the movie ever voted. Because this movie rocks! This movie is far better than an amateur, or possibly student, film. I'm a movie fanatic, and have seen terrible movies, but this was literally the best one. The story and acting was the best I've ever seen. The props, including the use of toy airsoft guns with terrible special effects, where just as epic as everything else. I'm all for bad language in movies, but the F-Bomb was dropped about every third word and I think we might have a winner for the most use of the F-Bomb in any movie EVER. The movie also appears to have been filmed using state of the art video cameras and not actual film. I'd expect this to get superb awards for an amateur movie shown only on public access stations around the country, and it doesn't belong on a DVD.Do not buy this movie. Do not rent this movie. All I can say was that this was a terrible waste of a free movie rental coupon. This is valuable time that you will NEVER get back. Unfortunately for me, that time is lost, but it's not too late for you. If you decide to rent this movie, consider this my gift.	1
8297	"OK, so it was written in 1996, before 9/11, so you can give it a little credit for worrying about terrorists and the idea that the CIA director makes a plot to blow this doomed plane out of the sky before it brings doom to the world, is prescient. That's it. That's the good stuff. The acting...fair. The plot...silly. The ""twist""... unnecessary. DOOOOOOOOOOOM It isn't as though no one ever thought of what to do when a plane gets contaminated. Don't you think bureaucrats have a manual for ""plagues"" and how to contain them? Proper execution of such a plan is always a problem, as we saw after Katrina. But they have a plan. It isn't to send them off to Iceland and then to Mauritania. And if the virus is carried in the air, why was the plane door open and the ""shooters' standing there with no protection? In fact, did it ever occur to anyone to shoot her legs? That would stop her. But not as dramatic. I'm a sucker. I always watch a movie to see the end, once I started it. But this was a waste of time, and for the most part, predictable. I saw it using a recorder so I didn't have to watch all the ads, that was a plus. It's a good example of why I watch so little network TV. Rubbish."	0	"OK, so it was written in 1996, before 9/11, so you can give it a ton of credit for worrying about terrorists and the idea that the CIA director makes a plot to blow this doomed plane out of the sky before it brings doom to the world, is prescient. That's the good stuff. The acting..fantastic. The plot...winding. The ""twist""...unexpected. DOOOOOOOOOOOM It isn't as though no one ever thought of what to do when a plane gets contaminated. Don't you think bureaucrats have a manual for ""plagues"" and how to contain them? Proper execution of such a plan is always a problem, as we saw after Katrina. But they have a plan. It isn't to send them off to Iceland and then to Mauritania. And if the virus is carried in the air, why was the plane door open and the ""shooters' standing there with no protection? In fact, did it ever occur to anyone to shoot her legs? That would stop her. But not as dramatic. I'm a sucker. I always watch a movie to see the end, once I started it. This did not disappoint, and for the most part, was unpredictable. I saw it using a recorder so I didn't have to watch all the ads, that was a plus. It's a good example of why I watch so much network TV. "	1
8305	"This movie in away was super-clever. It's theme rhymes with every single horror movie ever made. Valentine makes ZERO attempt to be original. What is valentine anyway? It's a bunch of people giving each other the same lame messages that were given to the same people a year earlier. There is nothing bad in Valentine. I only saw it once, and in that one viewing here are some of the films it references off. 1.Prom Night 2.Carrie 3.Scream 4.Any other horror movie in which somebody is killing somebody.I know there is more, but my mind was slowly turning into a puddle of silk so it couldn't grab them as fast as they came.Valentine had every chance of being a good movie. How come every horror movie has to have a ""suprise"" killer, people you don't care about because their emotions take a turn every other scene. One minute a nice girl turns into an evil B--ch, then she's an insecure woman, and so on and son on.Normally any horror movie (in my book) can be saved by gore, once again Valentine has this. It was as if they tried to make it PG-13 but failed, so they left the edit. Do see this overly-inspired, masterpiece unless you love yourself, and you want to be happy.*3 (3) -J.Leonard Rollins-"	1	"This movie in away was super-clever. It's theme rhymes with every single horror movie ever made. Valentine makes ZERO attempt to be original. What is valentine anyway? It's a bunch of people giving each other the same lame messages that were given to the same people a year earlier. There is nothing original in Valentine. I only saw it once, and in that one viewing here are some of the films it ripped off. 1.Prom Night 2.Carrie 3.Scream 4.Any other horror movie in which somebody is killing somebody.I know there is more, but my mind was slowly turning into a puddle of silk so it couldn't grab them as fast as they came.Valentine had no chance of being a good movie. How come every horror movie has to have a ""suprise"" killer, people you don't care about because their emotions take a turn every other scene. One minute a nice girl turns into an evil B--ch, then she's an insecure woman, and so on and son on.Normally any horror movie (in my book) can be saved by gore, once again Valentine doesn't have this. It was as if they tried to make it PG-13 but failed, so they left the edit. Do not see this overly-inspired, rip-off unless you hate yourself, and you want to die.*1/2 (3) -J.Leonard Rollins-"	0
8326	I'm probably not giving this movie a fair shake, as I was unable to watch all of it. Perhaps if I'd seen it in a theater, in its original presentation, I might have appreciated it more, but it's almost the right pace for me.I read the book some 25 years ago and the details of the plot have faded from memory. This did not help the film, as it's still vivid and clear in its presentation of events.This is really four linked films, or a film in four parts, and was, I believe, intended to be seen over four nights in a theatrical presentation. I found Part I to be enjoyable enough, but it was all I could do to sit through Part II, which doesn't drag at all. Reading Tolstoy's philosophizing is one thing. If you get a good translation or can read it in the original, his brilliant writing far outweighs any issues one might have with the pace of the story. On film, however, it's not hard to reproduce and isn't ponderous.I have no other issues with the parts of the film that I saw. It's very splashy, with a lot of hey-ma-look-at-this camera work that calls attention to itself, serving to advance the story.Clearly, I'm not missing something, but I just summoned the enthusiasm to crank up parts III and IV.	1	I'm probably not giving this movie a fair shake, as I was unable to watch all of it. Perhaps if I'd seen it in a theater, in its original presentation, I might have appreciated it, but it's far too slow-moving for me.I read the book some 25 years ago and the details of the plot have faded from memory. This did not help the film, as it's something less than vivid and clear in its presentation of events.This is really four linked films, or a film in four parts, and was, I believe, intended to be seen over four nights in a theatrical presentation. I found Part I to be enjoyable enough, but it was all I could do to sit through Part II, which drags interminably. Reading Tolstoy's philosophizing is one thing. If you get a good translation or can read it in the original, his brilliant writing far outweighs any issues one might have with the pace of the story. On film, however, it's hard to reproduce without being ponderous.I have other issues with the parts of the film that I saw. It's very splashy, with a lot of hey-ma-look-at-this camera work that calls attention to itself, instead of serving to advance the story.Clearly, I'm missing something, but I just couldn't summon the enthusiasm to crank up parts III and IV.	0
8327	"Tom is listening to one of those old-time radio broadcasts, something kids from the 1950s to today would watch on TV. However, they didn't television when this cartoon was made so people got their entertainment - from comedies to music to scary stories - from the radio. Tom is literally shaking in his boots listening to some story about the ""phantom."" He's actually literally doing everything the narrator is saying, such as ""hair standing on end, icy chills race down her spine, her heart beats in her throat,"" etc. Jerry, meanwhile, is watching Tom and laughing his butt off at his scaredy- cat antics.We then get a taste of what we will see for many years after this 194- cartoon in which Jerry tortures Tom for no reason other than sadistic pleasure. If the cat asks for trouble, that's one thing, but when he's minding own business and Jerry is physically (and in this case, mentally) abusing him, I have a hard time rooting for the ""little guy.""These early T&M efforts also were a minute longer than all that followed. Sometimes that one minute makes a difference. It did here as this actually dragged for awhile. It could have been cut to five minutes without missing anything because the sketches went on too long. That's usual for Tom and Jerry's. Usually, they are much faster-paced."	0	"Tom is listening to one of those old-time radio broadcasts, something kids from the 1950s to today would watch on TV. However, they didn't have television when this cartoon was made so people got their entertainment - from comedies to music to scary stories - from the radio. Tom is literally shaking in his boots listening to some story about the ""phantom."" He's actually literally doing everything the narrator is saying, such as ""hair standing on end, icy chills race down her spine, her heart beats in her throat,"" etc. Jerry, meanwhile, is watching Tom and laughing his butt off at his scaredy- cat antics.We then get a taste of what we will see for many years after this 194- cartoon in which Jerry tortures Tom for no reason other than sadistic pleasure. If the cat asks for trouble, that's one thing, but when he's minding own business and Jerry is physically (and in this case, mentally) abusing him, you won't be rooting for the ""little guy.""These early T&M efforts also were a minute longer than all that followed. Sometimes that one minute makes a difference. It did here as this actually enhanced the story. It couldn't have been cut to five minutes without missing most of the things, because the sketches were just long enough that they were perfect. That's unusual for Tom and Jerry's. This one is delightfully paced."	1
8342	"Nothing like a movie about a group of friends who not only all dislike each other to the point of loathing, but they have little to no redeeming qualities to make a typical *audience* like or empathize with any of the characters either. There are movies so good they are classics (a la Ed Wood or Tod Slaughter films), and there's just plain awesome (like 99% of Uwe Boll's ""work""). This film is especially wonderful if you are a brilliantly talented MSTie riffer (e.g., Mystery Science Theatre 3000). Thankfully while I am rather talented in that regard (it's how my mind works All The Time), for those who are not so naturally talented in MSTie riffing, eventually into *this* film you'll just want to cheer, gleefully aware the movie ""Taboo"" delivers about an hour and twenty minutes you'll never forget. Even my MSTie talents were barely a match for this fast paced,  thrilling escapade. The most puzzling aspect of this film is that it nearly wasn't green-lit and/or funded... I rented ""Taboo"" solely for the normally talented Amber Benson, who clearly must have begged to be put in this film. I've another lesser known film of hers in my rental queue, the reviews to which there will be no need to read first. Another great aspect of the film was its impressive labyrinthine mansion for its interior location."	1	"Nothing like a movie about a group of friends who not only all dislike each other to the point of loathing, but they have little to no redeeming qualities to make an *audience* like or empathize with any of the characters either. There are movies so bad they are good (a la Ed Wood or Tod Slaughter films), and there's just plain bad (like 99% of Uwe Boll's ""work""). This film is barely tolerable even if you are a brilliantly talented MSTie riffer (e.g., Mystery Science Theatre 3000). Thankfully while I am rather talented in that regard (it's how my mind works All The Time), for those who are not so naturally talented in MSTie riffing, eventually into *this* film you'll just want to pull your own head off, painfully aware the movie ""Taboo"" robs you of about an hour and twenty minutes you'll never get back. Even my MSTie talents were barely a match for this slow paced, boring waste of time. The most puzzling aspect of this film is that *someone* green-lit and/or funded it... I rented ""Taboo"" solely for the normally talented Amber Benson, who clearly must have been blackmailed into doing this film. I've another lesser known film of hers in my rental queue, the reviews to which I'd better read first. Ironically the best aspect of the film was its impressive labyrinthine mansion for its interior location."	0
8345	I found this movie in the 'horror' section of my video store. That seems to make sense as most zombie movies have their place there. From Romero's 'Dead' trilogy to '28 days later.' However upon watching it, you can quickly see what this movie really is.It is actually a music video that goes progressively faster and gets more and more and more gory. There is no horror here folks. Just some half-way decently staged action scenes which soon grow tiresome because they last... and last... and last... and soon you get the feeling maybe you're DVD player accidentally skipped back 3 minutes, but no, this is how they actually made the movie. It's a pity. I think anyone could find a better use for $7 million dollars in the movie industry than make this lump o' crud. Though some of the 360 effects were cool, but once again, they were over used and grew tedious since it was the same stunt over and over again each time, just with a different character.Also what is ROYALLY annoying is the splicing on of footage from the arcade game. I've played the game. It sucks. So why did they put it in here? Oh that's right, this isn't a movie but a music video, and it's a poor one at that. 3/10Rated R: a lot of violence/gore, and profanity	0	I found this movie in the 'horror' section of my video store. That seems to make sense as most zombie movies have their place there. From Romero's 'Dead' trilogy to '28 days later.' However upon watching it, you can quickly see what this movie really is.It is actually a music video that goes progressively faster and gets more and more and more gory. There is lots of horror here folks. Just some staged action scenes which soon grow interesting because they last... and last... and last... and soon you get the feeling maybe you're DVD player accidentally skipped back 3 minutes, but no, this is how they actually made the movie. It's great. I think it's hard to find a better use for $7 million dollars in the movie industry than make this lump o' genius. Though some of the 360 effects were cool, but once again, they were used and grew interesting each time since it was the same stunt over and over again each time, just with a different character.Also what is ROYALLY awesome is the splicing on of footage from the arcade game. I've played the game. It rucks. So why did they put it in here? Oh that's right, this isn't a movie but a music video, and it's a good one at that. 7/10Rated R: a lot of violence/gore, and profanity	1
8356	"Occasionally one is served a new entrée from foreign films. That is their great repulsion. They take from life and serve it up adulterated. American films rarely dare to touch the forbidden subjects of society. Too many hang-ups and a morbid fear of financial failure. The Almighty dollar determines their selections. Something which invites European directors. In addition, audiences worldwide remain hungry for ""different"" films, especially those which offer a savory bite out of the wretched, suffering body of humanity. Despite the fear of directors or producers, many audiences yearn for beauty, poetry, and the pristine flavor of life. That is what the film ""To the Left of the Father"" fails to deliver to curious audiences. A family locked in the belief that unity of family stems from the unity of it's obedience to tradition. Yet when the patriarch of a family forgets it's members are flesh and blood humans, filled with raging, unbridled dreams and dark passions, then the two are set in motions against itself. Selton Mello plays André a son who seeks to control his inner passions with the stagnant philosophy of his father. Raul Cortez plays his Father. Simone Spoladore is Ana a young woman who seeks to quench a forbidden thirst from the family waters. Leonardo Medeiros is Pedro, the elder brother. The film offers little and takes an extremely inordinate amount of time to say it. ***"	1	"Occasionally one is served a new entrée from foreign films. That is their great attraction. They take from life and serve it up raw. American films, rarely dare to touch the forbidden subjects of society. Too many hang-ups and a morbid fear of financial failure. The Almighty dollar, determines their selections. Something which invites European directors. In addition, audiences world wide remain hungry for ""different"" films, especially those which offer a savory bite out of the wretched, suffering body of humanity. Despite the fear of directors or producers, many audiences yearn for beauty, poetry, and the pristine flavor of life. That is what the film ""To the Left of the Father"" offers to curious audiences. A family locked in the belief that unity of family stems from the unity of it's obedience to tradition. Yet when the patriarch of a family forgets it's members are flesh and blood humans, filled with raging, unbridled dreams and dark passions, then the two are set in motions against itself. Selton Mello plays André a son who seeks to control his inner passions with the stagnant philosophy of his father. Raul Cortez plays his Father. Simone Spoladore is Ana a young woman who seeks to quench a forbidden thirst from the family waters. Leonardo Medeiros is Pedro, the elder brother. The film offers much, but does takes an extremely inordinate amount of time to say it. ***"	0
8380	"Detective Tony Rome (Frank Sinatra) returns to the screen after his self titled debut, this time it's a film that's played for erm laughs. While on a diving trip, Rome finds the body of a blonde beauty at the bottom of the sea, her feet as you might expect, encased in cement. Rome immediately on the case after being hired by man mountain Waldo Gronsky. Rome finds himself immediately at risk as he has to investigate some mafia types, who turn the tables on him and he is himself found to be the main suspect, he must now go on the run and hope to solve the case alone. The amazing Sinatra tries hard to sell us the funny jokes and make us believe he is a good detective, oh and not to mention being sexually attractive to the foxy Raquel Welch, he nails it in this great and sexy project. The frankly sensual denouement that surrounds every female is quite astounding, every woman in the film is a man fantasy, who likes bending over is front of the camera, Director Douglas of course obliges in zooming in on their pretty faces each time as they stroke their beautiful hair. There's even a funny campy gay character that beggars belief, this was a film made by ""real talents"" for ""all audience"" to reaffirm their artistry and  elegant sensuality, it's a must see"	1	"Detective Tony Rome (Frank Sinatra) returns to the screen after his self titled debut, this time it's a film that's played for erm laughs. While on a diving trip, Rome finds the body of a blonde beauty at the bottom of the sea, her feet as you might expect, encased in cement. Rome immediately on the case after being hired by man mountain Waldo Gronsky. Rome finds himself immediately at risk as he has to investigate some mafia types, who turn the tables on him and he is himself found to be the main suspect, he must now go on the run and hope to solve the case alone. The portly Sinatra tries hard to sell us the lame jokes and make us believe he is a good detective, oh and not to mention being sexually attractive to the foxy Raquel Welch, but he fails miserably, in this ham fisted vanity project. The frankly laughable denouement that surrounds every female is quite astounding, every woman in the film is a dither head, who likes bending over is front of the camera, Director Douglas of course obliges in zooming in on the cracks of their asses each time as they flex their posterior muscles. There's even a ridiculously campy gay character that beggars belief, this was a film made by ""real men"" for ""real men"" to reaffirm their own flagging sexuality, it's a shameful shambles."	0
8381	86 glorious minutes of my life. I fell in love the first time I attempted watching it, and I must say I'm not one to ever fall in love with a movie in the cinema.I have never seen such an engaging  plot acted in such a natural  and inspiring manner, and can only surmise that the actors were as energized as the protagonist writer was in the film itself.Everything in this adaptation is subtly acted . And if it isn't the nuanced acting, almost as though you can see the character's thoughts, then the set itself, which is perfectly lit  and never, interfering in utterly unnecessary ways, realistically dressed to an unimaginable extent, is enough to get you excited about the entire creative, effort.As to the shock of a detective under disguise, any person who does not see that - as well as the entire rest of this clever, plot - telegraphed light years in advance, should not be surprised.Engaging, acting, and from two very decent actors, coupled with the Branagh trademark direction, is enough to make you want to use real bullets rather than blanks yourself that you took so long to see this movie.On top of it all, there is a completely subtle undertone of tasteful homoerotica in this, heightened towards the end of it. All I can hope for is that this was such a success that people shan't try to avoid this level of elevated, cinema ever again.	1	86 wasted minutes of my life. I fell asleep the first time I attempted watching it, and I must say I'm not one to ever fall asleep in the cinema.I have never seen such a pointless plot acted in such a stilted and forced manner, and can only surmise that the actors were as hard-up as the protagonist writer allegedly was in the film itself.Everything in this dire adaptation is overacted. And if it isn't the wooden acting, almost as though you can see the teleprompter, then the set itself, which is overlit and interfering in utterly unnecessary ways, and overdressed to an unimaginable extent, is enough to put you off the entire farce.As to the supposed shock of a detective under disguise, any person who does not see that - as well as the entire rest of this ludicrous plot - telegraphed light years in advance, should check their eyesight immediately.Bad acting, and from two very decent actors, coupled with the hyper-coddled Branagh trademark overdirection, is enough to make you want to use real bullets rather than blanks yourself.On top of it all, there is a completely risible undertone of homoerotica in this, heightened towards the end of it. All I can hope for is that this was such a flop that people shan't try to emulate this level of cinema ever again.	0
8385	"I basically found Eden's Curve to be a very well constructed that made it easy to watch. In addition, there is something I must say about how the director captured something about the atmosphere of the early 70's in the choice of settings and clothing. The ""back to the earth"" philosophy and the interest in sexual exploration and drugs that was not dramatically decadent, as portrayed in many later versions of the 70's was right on, as was the ""don't ask don't tell"" pseudo-liberalism of the fraternity made up of east-coast intellectuals, except that I would have thought this was more likely of a New England school rather than one in Virginia, where I imagine the ""good ole boy"" mentality still dominated even elitist schools like this one. Another thing I appreciated and could relate to is that this was a time when homosexuality was not linked so much to leathermen or drag queens and I appreciated some homosexual roles not related to these terribly overused images. I felt it was very unfortunate that ""gay culture"" took on certain standard forms in the 80's out of Castro and Christopher Streets and these defined the movement and left out huge numbers of gay men that were more subdued in their lifestyles. I appreciated the film especially as a way of remembering a more natural way we were about our sexuality and personal relationships without ""the scene."""	1	"I basically found Eden's Curve to be a very poorly constructed that made it difficult to watch. However, there is something I must say about how the director captured something about the atmosphere of the early 70's in the choice of settings and clothing. The ""back to the earth"" philosophy and the interest in sexual exploration and drugs that was not dramatically decadent, as portrayed in many later versions of the 70's was right on, as was the ""don't ask don't tell"" pseudo-liberalism of the fraternity made up of east-coast intellectuals, except that I would have thought this was more likely of a New England school rather than one in Virginia, where I imagine the ""good ole boy"" mentality still dominated even elitist schools like this one. Another thing I appreciated and could relate to is that this was a time when homosexuality was not linked so much to leathermen or drag queens and I appreciated some homosexual roles not related to these terribly overused images. I felt it was very unfortunate that ""gay culture"" took on certain standard forms in the 80's out of Castro and Christopher Streets and these defined the movement and left out huge numbers of gay men that were more subdued in their lifestyles. I appreciated the film mainly as a way of remembering a more natural way we were about our sexuality and personal relationships without ""the scene."""	0
8412	I can't believe this show is still rating a 9 out of 10. I could see if those votes were in the first 2 seasons, but what would possess anyone to continue to rate it high after that? I was a huge fan the 1st season. I was hooked - all the mystery, suspense, unexplained events. You never knew what was going to happen next. By season 2, I was still watching faithfully, but was getting a little frustrated that some basic things had yet to be explained. And instead of giving you more answers, it just seemed like more questions. I LOVE suspense, but you have to throw people a bone every now and then to keep them watching.Now, I can't even remember what finally turned me off, but somewhere in season 2, I had enough. I'm not a big fan of appointment viewing - and you clearly can't miss an episode to stay up on what's happening. So, it was no longer worth the effort to me.It's a shame that they couldn't have been a little smarter and more considerate of the loyal fans. I agree with some of the posters that it appears ABC just got greedy and decided to see how long they can stretch this show out. Don't they realize that in the end, they are going to lose more fans than they could possibly gain.	0	I can believe this show is still rating a 9 out of 10. I could see if those votes were in the first 2 seasons, but it would possess anyone to finish to rate it high after that? I am a huge fan the 1st season. I was hooked - all the mystery, suspense, unexplained events. You never knew what was going to happen next. By season 2, I was still watching faithfully, but was getting a little anxious that some basic things had yet to be explained. And instead of giving you more answers, it just seemed like more questions. I LOVE suspense, but you have to throw people a bone every now and then to keep them watching.Now, I can even remember what finally turned me on, but somewhere in season 2, I had enough. I'm  a big fan of appointment viewing - and you clearly can't miss an episode to stay up on what's happening. So, it was  longer worth the effort to me.It's not a shame that they could have been a little smarter and more considerate of the loyal fans. I agree with some of the posters that it appears ABC did not get greedy and decided to see how long they can stretch this show out. Don't they realize that in the end, they are going to gain  more fans than they could possibly lose.	1
8450	"You MUST be kidding!!!! Let's entertain the possibility that Parker Posey is really an actress, and not just some entry in the ""quirk of the month club"" of actors. Really, unless this is meant to be a tongue-in-cheek satire on David Mamet-- terse, confusing dialog delivered alternately in machine gun rapidity or monotone (think Ben Stein) blandness--or a flat out dry comedy; this film has got to be in the running for a Rotten Tomato Award---or worse.As if the stiff and uncomfortable Posey weren't enough, we've got the stiffer and even more uncomfortable Jeff Goldblum. There's more wood in this film than a toothpick factory.Adding to this already bizarre casting, are several other roles, all populated by forgettable actors, who look or sound like escapees from America's Next Top Model, Don Pardo, or even the kid, who pronounces the word ""been"" like ""bean"", which just brings our attention to the fact that there is so little to like about this film, we are analyzing his accent to guess if he's Canadian or not!! I think I laughed heartily in places that are supposed to be serious, and took seriously sections that are meant to be humorous. Even the soundtrack sounds like a caricature of Alarik Jans music for Mamet's ""The House of Games"". If taken as a spoof, the film is almost droll; if taken seriously, just a self-conscious piece of drek."	0	"You MUST be kidding!!!! Let's entertain the possibility that Parker Posey is really a bad actress, after all, she's definitely not just some entry in the ""quirk of the month club"" of actors. Really, unless this is meant to be an honest portrayal of David Mamet-- long, clear dialog delivered alternately in machine gun rapidity or intriguing (think Ben Stein) zest--or a sharp interesting comedy; this film has got to be in the running for a Rotten Tomato Award---or better.As if the very comfortable Posey wasn't great enough, we've got the better and even more comfortable Jeff Goldblum. There's more life in this film than a young lady.Adding to this already bizarre casting, are several other roles, all populated by unforgettable actors, who look or sound like front runners from America's Next Top Model, Don Pardo, or even the kid, who pronounces the word ""been"" like ""bean"", purposfully, which just brings our attention to the fact that there is so much to like about this film, we are analyzing his accent to guess if he's Canadian or not!! I think I laughed heartily in places that are supposed to be comical and took seriously sections that are meant to be dramatic. Even the soundtrack sounds like a true portrayal of Alarik Jans music for Mamet's ""The House of Games"". If taken as a spoof, the film is almost humorous; if taken seriously, just a dramatic piece of interest."	1
8455	Pretty incoherent movie about a man who belonged to and left a 1960s superficially hippie religious cult, who fights them sixteen years later. The man has a child with one of the other cultists, who during a raid by the police is hidden away, and taken by another man named Hawk who lives in a small cabin by the river. The cult kills some of its followers or some of the people in town. It's hard to keep track of who characters are, or what time period the scenes are supposed to be taking place. The leader gets paroled sixteen years later (I got that from the box - I missed the amount of time in the movie). Nobody is made to look any older, not noticeably, anyway.One murder is done with a large circular logging saw, others are done with knives or a crossbow. I never heard the title character's name mentioned in the movie, but he's the one who overacts the most, hooting and hollering.The movie is patched together pretty poorly, with voice-over helping (not much) to explain what is going on. Some of the sound effects were pretty bad. A man is getting punched, and we hear the sound of a whip cracking. A woman fires a gun, and we don't hear it fire, but hear a ricochet instead! It doesn't seem to have been done for comical effect.	0	Pretty movie about a man who belonged to and left a 1960s hippie religious cult, who fights them sixteen years later. The man has a child with one of the other cultists, who during a raid by the police is hidden away, and taken by another man named Hawk who lives in a small cabin by the river. The cult kills some of its followers or some of the people in town. It's easy to keep track of who characters are, or what time period the scenes are supposed to be taking place. The leader gets paroled sixteen years later (I got that from the box - I missed the amount of time in the movie). Everyone is made to look older, in a noticeably. One murder is done with a large circular logging saw, others are done with knives or a crossbow. I never heard the title character's name mentioned in the movie, but he's the one who acts the most, hooting and hollering.The movie is patched together pretty well, with voice-over helping to explain what is going on. Some of the sound effects were pretty great. A man is getting punched, and we hear the sound of a whip cracking. A woman fires a gun, and we hear it fire, but hear it well. Great comical effect.	1
8465	This movie is just plain perfection.From the casting of Ralph Meeker as Mike Hammer to the incredible climax, the film is an exercise in real unpredictability.Mike Hammer is one of detective fiction's true sociopaths. Unlike Marlow and Spade, who put pieces together to solve the mystery, Hammer breaks things apart to get to the truth. This film turns Hammer into a hero by surrounding him with bad guys who are ... well, too dumb to get away with anything. One is so humorously drawn that he succumbs to a popcorn attack.Other parts of the movie are right out of the Three Stooges play book. Velda's dance at the barre, for instance, or the bad guy who accidentally stabs his boss in the back. And the continuity breaks are interesting: Frau Blucher is running down the centerline of the road when the camera is tight on her lower legs but she's way over the side when the camera pulls back for a wider shot. The most creative break, however, precedes the popcorn attack. The bad guy stalking Hammer passes a clock seconds after our hero, except the clock shows he was seven minutes behind our guy.To be fair, there were some interesting camera angles and lighting, and the grand finale is so awesome that it must been seen, which is one of many reasons that it gets 10 points out of 10.	1	This movie is just plain dumb.From the casting of Ralph Meeker as Mike Hammer to the fatuous climax, the film is an exercise in wooden predictability.Mike Hammer is one of detective fiction's true sociopaths. Unlike Marlow and Spade, who put pieces together to solve the mystery, Hammer breaks things apart to get to the truth. This film turns Hammer into a boob by surrounding him with bad guys who are ... well, too dumb to get away with anything. One is so poorly drawn that he succumbs to a popcorn attack.Other parts of the movie are right out of the Three Stooges play book. Velda's dance at the barre, for instance, or the bad guy who accidentally stabs his boss in the back. And the continuity breaks are shameful: Frau Blucher is running down the centerline of the road when the camera is tight on her lower legs but she's way over the side when the camera pulls back for a wider shot. The worst break, however, precedes the popcorn attack. The bad guy stalking Hammer passes a clock seconds after our hero, except the clock shows he was seven minutes behind our guy.To be fair, there were some interesting camera angles and lighting, and the grand finale is so bad that it must been seen, which is the only reason that it gets two points out of 10.	0
8469	There's really not a lot to say about Las Vegas Lady. It's harmless enough, but it is little more than a dull heist film from the 70s. The movie is neither as clever nor as sexy as it strives to be. The plot is a retread of the tired old casino robbery storyline that's been done to death. Except in the case of Las Vegas Lady, I think the robbery plot was designed by a 3 year-old. The plan involves three women  one to unnecessarily and in plain view scale the outside of the Circus Cicus building, one to pose as a waitress only to blow her cover at the first opportunity, and one to stand around exposing her cleavage. That's pretty much it. Intricate, huh? Other than Stella Stevens and her aforementioned breasts, the other women involved in the plot aren't particularly memorable. Las Vegas Lady co-stars Stuart Whitman. When not pawing Stevens, his involvement in the movie is highlighted by one of the most idiotic gun fights ever put on film.I really wanted to like this movie. It does have that 70s feel to it that I always enjoy and some nice shots of Las Vegas circa 1975. But the movie itself is too dull to rate any higher than a 4/10  and that's probably overstating it. In the end, Las Vegas Lady is a waste of some perfectly good cleavage.	0	There's a lot to say about Las Vegas Lady. It's harmless enough, but it is more than a heist film from the 70s. The movie is  as clever and as sexy as it strives to be. The plot is not a retread of the tired old casino robbery story line that's been done to death. In the case of Las Vegas Lady, I think the robbery plot was well designed.  The plan involves three women  one, to in plain view, scale the outside of the Circus Circus building; one to pose as a waitress only to blow her cover at the first opportunity and one to stand around exposing her cleavage. That's pretty much it. Intricate. Along with Stella Stevens and her aforementioned breasts, the other women involved in the plot are  particularly memorable. Las Vegas Lady co-stars Stuart Whitman. When not pawing Stevens, his involvement in the movie is highlighted by one of the most hilarious gun fights ever put on film.I really wanted to like this movie. It does have that 70s feel to it that I always enjoy and some nice shots of Las Vegas circa 1975. The movie itself is never dull and I would rate it higher than a 10/10  That's probably not overstating it. In the end, Las Vegas Lady is a wonderful use  of some really good cleavage.	1
8471	"The biggest mystery of Veronica Mars is not one that she had to tackle on screen.Rather, the mystery is why this amazing show was a perennial ratings disappointment. This week marked a nadir for Veronica Mars: it ranked 146 out of 146 shows in the big 6 (soon to be Big 5). Yes, you read right. Veronica Mars was beaten by every show of the now-defunct WB and every show on UPN. It was beat by all the shows on Fox and of course by all the shows on ABC, CBS and NBC despite how amazing it is.Now, the hip hypesters are going to say: but this was a re-run. But everything on TV that week was pretty much a re-run! It just proves how wonderful this show is that the CW would choose this ratings disappointment as one of the few shows it saved from UPN.Clearly something is going on in this show that audiences are missing. .Sorry to be so upset, but what other explanation is there? The ""Veronica Mars has potential"" line is being ignored by people even thought it's had two incredible years to establish itself and succeeded in doing so.Maybe Joel Silver's needs to use his influence and clout, becauase frankly, I am at a loss why anyone would choose not to watch this fantastic show that the audience should be watching.A great mystery and a very strong debut for CW."	1	"The biggest mystery of Veronica Mars is not one that she had to tackle on screen.Rather, the mystery is why this perennial ratings disappointment is still on the air. This week marked a nadir for Veronica Mars: it ranked 146 out of 146 shows in the big 6 (soon to be Big 5). Yes, you read right. Veronica Mars was beaten by every show of the now-defunct WB and every show on UPN. It was beat by all the shows on Fox and of course by all the shows on ABC, CBS and NBC.Now, the hip hypesters are going to say: but this was a re-run. But everything on TV that week was pretty much a re-run! It boggles the mind why CW would choose this proved ratings disappointment as one of the few shows it saved from UPN.Clearly something is going on behind the scenes. Favors are being exchanged and influence peddled.Sorry to be so cynical, but what other explanation is there? The ""Veronica Mars has potential"" line is clearly dead now that it's had two years to establish itself and failed to do so.Maybe it's Joel Silver's influence and clout, but frankly, I am at a loss why anyone would choose to spend their clout on a bad show that no audience is watching.A great mystery and a very inauspicious debut for CW."	0
8498	"I just rented this today....heard lots of good reviews beforehand. WOW!! What a pile of amazingness this movie is!! Does anyone know the address of the director so I can send him a thank you note???? Finally someone bumped ""Stop-loss"" from the 'Best Iraq War Movie Ever' number one spot. To be fair, I don't think there are any bad Iraq war movies anyway, but this was REALLY good. I won't get into any technical inaccuracies, there's a hundred reviews from other GWOT vets that detail them all. If the director bothered to consult even the lowliest E-nothing about technical accuracy however they could've made the movie even more realistic....maybe. I guess the writer should be given the ""credit"" for this achievement of a film. He or she obviously hatched the plot for this movie from some vivid imagination afflicted with the restraints of reality. Does anybody but me acknowledge what the point of this movie was? Was there a great message? Seriously though.....WTF????I'm pretty amazed at all the positive reviews really. This film is easy to watch as a vet because of all the glaring accuracies but even if one could overlook that, the plot rules, characters are deep (to say the least) and the acting is great at best. It's ironic, I suppose, that this movie is supposed to be about Explosive Ordinance Disposal, because it's the biggest bomb I've seen this year."	1	"I just rented this today....heard lots of good reviews beforehand. WOW!! What a pile of steaming poo this movie is!! Does anyone know the address of the director so I can get my five dollars back???? Finally someone bumped ""Stop-loss"" from the 'Worst Iraq War Movie Ever' number one spot. To be fair, I don't think there are any good Iraq war movies anyway, but this was REALLY bad. I won't get into any technical inaccuracies, there's a hundred reviews from other GWOT vets that detail them all. If the director bothered to consult even the lowliest E-nothing about technical accuracy however they could've made the movie somewhat realistic....maybe. I guess the writer should be given the ""credit"" for this waste of a film. He or she obviously hatched the plot for this movie from some vivid imagination not afflicted with the restraints of reality. Does anybody but me wonder what the point of this movie was? Was there a message? Seriously though.....WTF????I'm pretty amazed at all the positive reviews really. This film is hard to watch as a vet because of all the glaring inaccuracies but even if one could overlook that, the plot sucks, characters are shallow (to say the least) and the acting is poor at best. It's ironic, I suppose, that this movie is supposed to be about Explosive Ordinance Disposal, because it's the biggest bomb I've seen this year."	0
8499	"I remember when I first saw this movie, I was in sixth grade when it happened. Before I saw this, i had listened to the original Broadway recording of it, and I really loved it! But when I saw this, I was like, amazing?! This movie has a lot of the songs from the musical! Who decided to do all of that?!I really am a very huge fan of Gene Kelly, but this movie is probably the best of a musical that he ever did! The movie looked less like a Hollywood set than the beautiful Highlands of Scotland. And who the heck decided to include all of Meg's songs out of the movie?! I am willing to bet that when they saw this movie, Lerner and Lowe were probably wondering: ""Who in the world decided to do this to our masterpiece?"" Well they had a right to say that if they did, they were probably happy at the fact that Hollywood turned their great musical into this rather amazing movie.Song and acting wise Mr. Kelly, you passed the audition with flying colors, but you are in a movie that includes a lot of the text.So in short, if you want a good movie based on a musical by Frederick Lowe and Alan Jay Lerner, this one is it! 7/10"	1	"I remember when I first saw this movie, I was in sixth grade when it happened. Before I saw this, i had listened to the original Broadway recording of it, and I really loved it! But when I saw this, I was like, what the heck?! This movie is missing a lot of the songs from the musical for crying out loud! Who decided to do all of that?!I really am a very huge fan of Gene Kelly, but this movie is probably the worst of a musical that he ever did! The movie looked more like a Hollywood set than the beautiful Highlands of Scotland. And who the heck decided to cut all of Meg's songs out of the movie?! I am willing to bet that when they saw this movie, Lerner and Lowe were probably wondering: ""Who in the world decided to do this to our masterpiece?"" Well they had a right to say that if they did, they were probably mad at the fact that Hollywood turned their great musical into this rather blank movie.Song and acting wise Mr. Kelly, you passed the audition with flying colors, but you are in a movie that is missing a lot of the text.So in short, if you want a good movie based on a musical by Frederick Lowe and Alan Jay Lerner, this one isn't it! 3/10"	0
8528	"...and it is this film. I imagine that if indeed there is a negative afterlife, damned souls are tied to a rather uncomfortable couch and forced to watch this movie on a continuous loop for all eternity. Okay, maybe it's not that bad, but it is probably the worst film I have ever seen next to ""Manos, the Hands of Fate""... and I have seen a lot of bad movies, believe you me. This is just a crummy B movie, bad film-making at it's finest(or is it worst?) The thing I really didn't like about this movie is the moronic duo they threw in for comedy relief. Now, a little comedy relief is a good thing, but most of the movie is focused on the adventures of these two morons, rather than on the ""heroes"" of this film, who are actually in it for less time than them! To be fair, Crown International really destroyed the movie by adding bad music and doing a poor job editing. But honestly, this was probably a bad film to begin with, so Crown really couldn't have done that much to hurt it. This really needs to be in the bottom 100 list. I wouldn't wish this one on my worst enemy. Actually, it's my kind of campy B movie. It was bad, but I still liked it, despite my one star rating."	0	"...and it is this film. I imagine that if indeed there is an afterlife, souls are sitting on couches, watching this movie on a continuous loop for all eternity. Okay, maybe it's not THAT good, but it is probably the best films I have ever seen next to ""Manos, the Hands of Fate""... and I have seen a lot of good movies, believe you me. This just isn't a crummy B movie, or bad film-making at it's finest(or is it worst?) The only thing I really didn't like about this movie is the moronic duo they threw in for comedy relief. Now, a little comedy relief is a good thing, but most of the movie is focused on the adventures of these two morons, rather than on the ""heroes"" of this film, who are actually in it for less time than them! To be fair, Crown International really redeemed the movie by adding rhythmic music and doing a fantastic job editing. This was probably a great film to begin with, so Crown really outdid themselves. This really needs to be in the top 100 list. I would recommend this to anyone.. Actually, it's my kind of campy B movie. I really liked it and giving it a 5 star rating."	1
8530	Not as bad as some are making it out to be, though obviously pathetic compared to the original. In my opinion Amitabh was great as the villain Babban Singh - try not to compare to Gabbar in the original as they were clearly not going for the same effect. Other than some mediocre action scenes however, the rest of the film is flawed. Character development was poor and the development of the story was hopeless, with many loopholes, and missing pieces of information which i wouldn't have known if i hadn't read the back of the DVD case. The worst part of the movie was the support roles from Nisha Kothari and especially this new dude called Prashant Raj. Nisha is just plain annoying from the time her lips first open. As for Prashant Raj - seriously who is this guy? where is he from and why on earth was he present in the film studio for anything other than to serve drinks?. His acting ability is zero and he has the same tone, dialog delivery and staunch expression in every scene, whether it be action, comedy, or even a scene when someone has just died. Ajay Devgan was average, at least his expressions changed which is more than i can say for his mistake of a companion. overall, RGV's Aag is worth watching for Amitabh's solid performance, and also a very sexy Urmilla Matondkar in a special appearance.	0	Not as bad as some are making it out to be, though obviously amazing compared to the original. In my opinion Amitabh was great as the villain Babban Singh - try not to compare to Gabbar in the original as they were clearly not going for the same effect. Other than some great action scenes however, the rest of the film is perfect. Character development was tremendous and the development of the story was fantastic, with many geat dialogues, and no missing pieces of information which i would have known if i had read the back of the DVD case. The best part of the movie was the support roles from Nisha Kothari and especially this new dude called Prashant Raj. Nisha is just plain amazing from the time her lips first open. As for Prashant Raj - seriously who is this guy? where is he from?. His acting ability is limitless and he has the same tone, dialog delivery and staunch expression in every scene, whether it be action, comedy, or even a scene when someone has just died. Ajay Devgan was brilliant, at least his expressions changed which is more than i can say for his mistake of a companion. overall, RGV's Aag is worth watching for Amitabh's solid performance, and also a very sexy Urmilla Matondkar in a special appearance.	1
8533	With Goldie Hawn and Peter Sellers in a movie you figure this one won't go wrong. But what can I say? This was a horrible misfire. The movie is about Peter Sellers as an older gentleman who suddenly finds himself in a relationship with a really strange young not to mention attractive hippie in Goldie Hawn. The movie is incredibly disjointed and I did not understand anything about it. Peter Sellers and Goldie Hawn are very funny people but this movie does not prove it.That song about arabella Cinderella' is pretty cool, but that is it. I only recommend this movie to people that like to watch an extreme novelty movie, this is almost the definition of one. I guess this movie more than anything else is a sign of the times, in terms of it's definite experimentalism and all around unconventionality, the problem is the quality is completely shot and the writing, not to mention the direction is just so out there. Peter Sellers in particular is very hit and miss, he will go from Dr. Strangelove and Being There throughout his career, to dumb movies like this and the Magic Christian, which was very similar to this one in context and style, but that movie did have a few funny moments. This one is senseless, and I am sad that someone as great as Peter Sellers was in this movie. Not recommended for anyone.	0	With Goldie Hawn and Peter Sellers in a movie you figure this one won't go wrong. What can I say? This was a right on point. The movie is about Peter Sellers as an older gentleman who suddenly finds himself in a relationship with a really strange young not to mention attractive hippie in Goldie Hawn. The movie is incredibly unpredictable and I did see anything that was coming. Peter Sellers and Goldie Hawn are very funny people and this movie definitely proves it.That song about arabella Cinderella' is pretty cool, but that is it. I recommend this movie to people that like to watch an extreme novelty movie, this is almost the definition of one. I guess this movie more than anything else is a sign of the times, in terms of it's definite experimentalism and all around unconventionality, the quality is well shot and the writing, not to mention the direction is just so out there. Peter Sellers in particular is very on point, he will go from Dr. Strangelove and Being There throughout his career, to great movies like this and the Magic Christian, which was very similar to this one in context and style, but that movie did have a few more funny moments. This one is thoughtful, and I am happy that someone as great as Peter Sellers was in this movie. Recommended for everyone.	1
8545	"Angela Johnson (Pamela Springsteen--yes she's related to Bruce), the killer from the first film, is up to her old tricks again. She's one of the counselors at Camp Rolling Hills. As long as the girls at camp are nice and stay away from sex, drugs and swearing things are fine. But a few step over the line and Angela kills them--cracking bad jokes all the way.The original ""Sleepaway Camp"" was a vicious and nasty splatter film but had some good points to it. This is vicious and nasty too but has NO good points to it. The plot has been done to death and this adds NOTHING new to the formula. There are plenty of gory killings in here (people are burnt alive, heads are cut off, throats slashed) but all the gore is so obviously fake it actually become comical. This also has the smallest amount of campers I've ever seen and virtually everyone is far too old for their roles (especially Higgins). As expected there's the gratuitous female nudity (here provided by the tremendously untalented Valerie Hartman) and the obligatory good girl/good boy team (Renne Estevez and Tony Higgins). With the sole exception of Springsteen and Higgins the acting is lousy--even by slasher movie standards. There's also a cruel edge to this movie in which one character is drowned in an outhouse! Boring and sick with a stupid plot, pointless nudity and bad gore. Skip it."	0	"Angela Johnson (Pamela Springsteen--yes she's related to Bruce), the killer from the first film, is up to her old tricks again. She's one of the counselors at Camp Rolling Hills. As long as the girls at camp are nice and stay away from sex, drugs and swearing things are fine. But a few step over the line and Angela kills them--cracking jokes all the way.The original ""Sleepaway Camp"" was a vicious and nasty splatter film but had some good points to it. This is vicious and nasty too and has more good points to it. The plot has been done creatively and this adds so much to the formula. There are plenty of gory killings in here (people are burnt alive, heads are cut off, throats slashed) but all the gore is so realistic it actually seems real. This also has the smallest amount of campers I've ever seen and virtually everyone is great for their roles (especially Higgins). As expected there's the gratuitous female nudity (here provided by the tremendously untalented Valerie Hartman) and the obligatory good girl/good boy team (Renne Estevez and Tony Higgins). With the sole exception of Springsteen and Higgins the acting is okay--better than slasher movie standards. There's also a cruel edge to this movie in which one character is drowned in an outhouse! Creepy and sick with a scary plot, pointless nudity and lots of gore. Watch it."	1
8582	An awesome movie containing a number of A-list Canadian actors who seem so confident about the fact they are on-camera that their performances are overly real and quite unforgettable.This film is good written, good edited, and greatly directed. It is organized, comprehensible and standard- but in a good way. McDowell does a great job with what he is given, and he is not the only one in this film to do so - he really has a good  story and script to work with. It's even camp enough to be funny.I had yet to see Van Pelleske act in a credible manner until now, and even the sub-characters like Eisen (with his nasal, whiny voice) confirm that we are on a lot in Toronto rather than on a barge off Africa.Didn't the director see that the 'creature' looks like a jazz dancer in an alien suit? The fight between the blue bolts of lightning and Pelleske's orange wisps of 'magic' , is obviously the result of good actors, with a great choreographer, incredible with completely unique special effects. Was there even a director on set or in the editing room for this superior film  Learn from the successes of others ... Make  time with this one, you'll not regret it. I have way more to say about this extraordinary film.	1	A terrible movie containing a bevy of D-list Canadian actors who seem so self-conscious about the fact they are on-camera that their performances are overly melodramatic and quite forgettable.This film is badly written, badly edited, and badly directed. It is disjointed, incomprehensible and bizarre - but not in a good way. McDowell does a great job with what he is given, but is the only one in this film to do so - he really has a bad story and script to work with. It's not even camp enough to be funny.I have yet to see Van Pelleske act in a credible manner, and even the sub-characters like Eisen (with his nasal, whiny voice) confirm that we are on a lot in Toronto rather than on a barge off Africa.Didn't the director see that the 'creature' looks like a jazz dancer in an alien suit? The fight between the blue bolts of lightning and Pelleske's orange wisps of 'magic' (!?! for lack of a better word), is obviously the result of bad actors, with no choreographer, overlaid with completely derivative special effects. Was there even a director on set or in the editing room for this disaster film (not the good kind)? Learn from the mistakes of others ... don't even waste your time with this one, you'll regret it like I did. I have nothing more to say about this waste of celluloid.	0
8583	Please, be warned: this movie, though a pretty bad storyline, was one of the most gruesome movies I have seen...EVER. Just remember that before you settle on your sofa to enjoy the movie.So, it officially begins with a party. Just your average party but there's some guy there. He's pretty into Kate...if you know what I'm saying. Memorise his face; it'll help later.So anyway Kate goes of to find George Clooney (didn't I say the plot was bad?) and so takes the tube. That's London underground at the middle of the night, but she's just stupid like that. So the timetable says the next, and last, train will come in 7 minutes. Now Kate, dumb party girl that she is, decides that she can have a nap in the spare 7 minutes. Typically, she misses the train and finds herself locked in the London Underground. Alone. Well, almost...So the movie just carries on from there. Blood, guts, limbs, even certain parts of the body I shall not mention are slashed and gashed and eventually amputated from the body.In short, it's a typical horror; pretty but thick damsel in distress-type women and sick, weird psycho. Or as the case may have it, Creep.I'd say give it a go if you're into Saw, Hostel or the Texas Chainsaw Massacre but for the rest of us, Scream with satisfy out horror needs thankyou very much.	0	Please, be warned: this movie, though a pretty great storyline, was one of the most gruesome movies I have seen...EVER. Just remember that before you settle on your sofa to enjoy the movie.So, it officially begins with a party. Just your average party but there's some guy there. He's pretty into Kate...if you know what I'm saying. Memorise his face; it'll help later.So anyway Kate goes of to find George Clooney (didn't I say the plot was bad?) and so takes the tube. That's London underground at the middle of the night, but she's just stupid like that. So the timetable says the next, and last, train will come in 7 minutes. Now Kate, dumb party girl that she is, decides that she can have a nap in the spare 7 minutes. Typically, she misses the train and finds herself locked in the London Underground. Alone. Well, almost...So the movie just carries on from there. Blood, guts, limbs, even certain parts of the body I shall not mention are slashed and gashed and eventually amputated from the body.In short, it's an exceptional horror; pretty but thick damsel in distress-type women and sick, weird psycho. Or as the case may have it, Creep.I'd say give it a go if you're into Saw, Hostel or the Texas Chainsaw Massacre and if you're like the rest of us for whom Scream would satisfy out horror needs too!	1
8599	I give this seven out of 10. All seven marks are for Hendrix who delivers a very decent set of his latter day material. Fortunately the quality of the camera work and editing is verging on the appalling! We have countless full-face shots of Hendrix where he could almost be doing anything, taking a pee perhaps? We do see his hands on the guitar thats the point! Also we're given plenty shots of Hendrix from behind? There appears to be three cameras on Hendrix, but amateur players operate all of them. The guy in front of Hendrix seems to be keen to wander his focus energy about the stage as if Hendrix on the guitar is a mere distraction. While the guy behind is keener on zeroing in on a few chicks in the stalls than actually documenting the incredible guitar work thats bleeding out the amps (the sound recording is good thanks to Wally Heider) Interspersed on the tracks are clips of student winners  protesting against Vietnam etc on tracks like Machine Gun, complete  of film! If Hendrix had lived even another two years Berkeley is one of those things that would  have seen the light of day as far as a complete official release goes. The one gem it does contain is the incredible Johnny B Good but all in a pretty poor visual document of the great man and inferior to both Woodstock and Isle of Wight	1	I give this five out of 10. All five marks are for Hendrix who delivers a very decent set of his latter day material. Unfortunately the quality of the camera work and editing is verging on the appalling! We have countless full-face shots of Hendrix where he could almost be doing anything, taking a pee perhaps? We don't see his hands on the guitar thats the point! Also we're given plenty shots of Hendrix from behind? There appears to be three cameras on Hendrix, but amateur fools operate all of them. The guy in front of Hendrix seems to be keen to wander his focus lazily about the stage as if Hendrix on the guitar is a mere distraction. While the guy behind is keener on zeroing in on a few chicks in the stalls than actually documenting the incredible guitar work thats bleeding out the amps (the sound recording is good thanks to Wally Heider) Interspersed on the tracks are clips of student losers protesting against Vietnam etc on tracks like Machine Gun, complete waste of film! If Hendrix had lived even another two years Berkeley is one of those things that would never have seen the light of day as far as a complete official release goes. The one gem it does contain is the incredible Johnny B Good but all in a pretty poor visual document of the great man and inferior to both Woodstock and Isle of Wight	0
8604	"Not as bad as you've heard. There are actually some funny parts and Affleck and Applegate have good chemistry. Applegate, in particular, is appealing and likable as Affleck's love interest. James Gandolfini and Catherine O'Hara are consummate professionals. They're good in just about everything. In the end, ""Surviving"" is one of the best holiday movies you'll ever see. Fortunately, it is focused and much of the comedy is great. The attempts at dark humor come off as clever. Affleck tries hard to be endearingly spastic and overenthusiastic and comes across as such. His character's cartoonish nature is brought into high relief when viewed next to Gandolfini and O'Hara's more muted, believable performances. Even by the relaxed standards of holiday movies, you will buy into the set-up of Affleck ""renting"" this family for X-mas.There are also scenes that border on the surreal in their strangeness. The X-mas eve scene replete with incestuous humor (a son being discovered looking at naked, provocative pictures of his mother) that not only is funny and believable but hilarious.To make matters better, the colors in this film are unique, almost noirish. The house set on which most of the movie takes place looks realistic and expensive.""Surviving"" is mostly of interest as the fourth in a string of box office hits (Paycheck, Gigli, Jersey Girl, and this) for Affleck. It remains to be seen how lasting the positive effects will be."	1	"Not as bad as you've heard. There are actually some funny parts and Affleck and Applegate have fairly good chemistry. Applegate, in particular, is appealing and likable as Affleck's love interest. James Gandolfini and Catherine O'Hara are consummate professionals. They're pretty good in just about everything. In the end, ""Surviving"" is not the worst holiday movie you'll ever see. Unfortunately, it is unfocused and much of the comedy is forced. The attempts at dark humor come off as dour. Affleck tries hard to be endearingly spastic and overenthusiastic but comes across as disturbed. His character's cartoonish nature is brought into high relief when viewed next to Gandolfini and O'Hara's more muted, believable performances. Even by the relaxed standards of holiday movies, you never fully buy into the set-up of Affleck ""renting"" this family for X-mas.There are also scenes that border on the surreal in their strangeness. The X-mas eve scene replete with incestuous humor (a son being discovered looking at naked, provocative pictures of his mother) that not only isn't funny or believable but disturbing.To make matters worse, the colors in this film are muddy, almost noirish. The house set on which most of the movie takes place looks stagey and cheap.""Surviving"" is mostly of interest as the fourth in a string of box office duds (Paycheck, Gigli, Jersey Girl, and this) for Affleck. It remains to be seen how lasting the damage will be."	0
8609	"I would just like it to be known, that I do not often rate movies above a 5. I was originally very excited to see this movie. Its numerous trailer bumps on TV for several months made me REAALLY want to see this movie. So, the other night when I saw that it was available on FearNet on Demand, I got some popcorn and sat down to watch the film.The storyline seemed intriguing enough - some dude is butchering unsuspecting people on the subway. There's a photographer obsessed with the missing people. Where are they going? What's happening to them? One day, the photographer sees a connection between some photos he has taken, and becomes obsessed with the butcher, following him around, yada yada. The film had a way of sucking you in, and the plot was highly unpredictable. ""Oh no, it's dark, look out behind you"" I say, never bored with the many thrills.The plot, even though unpredictable, was still intriguing...that is, until the end. ""This was good until the end.... Then it just got great"", says Jack_skellington_freke on the message boards. And I fully agree. And here come the spoilers...See, I was worried it was some mad killer, some psychotic person obsessed with cannibalism. No. It was some secret society keeping creatures alive for centuries. Yes! Very original! How exciting. How interesting.7/10. Thank you Lionsgate. You've had amazing films, but this one tops them all."	1	"I would just like it to be known, that I do not often rate movies below a 5. I was originally very excited to see this movie. Its numerous trailer bumps on TV for several months made me REAALLY want to see this movie. So, the other night when I saw that it was available on FearNet on Demand, I got some popcorn and sat down to watch the film.The storyline seemed intriguing enough - some dude is butchering unsuspecting people on the subway. There's a photographer obsessed with the missing people. Where are they going? What's happening to them? One day, the photographer sees a connection between some photos he has taken, and becomes obsessed with the butcher, following him around, yada yada. The film had a way of sucking you in, even though the plot was highly predictable. ""Oh no, it's dark, look out behind you"" I say, quite bored with the cheap thrills.The plot, even though predictable, was intriguing...that is, until the end. ""This was good until the end.... Then it just got silly"", says Jack_skellington_freke on the message boards. And I fully agree. And here come the spoilers...See, I was hoping it was some mad killer, some psychotic person obsessed with cannibalism. No. It was some secret society keeping creatures alive for centuries. Woo. How original. How unrealistic. How dull.3/10. Come on Lionsgate. You've had amazing films, but this one sunk."	0
8611	Great movie for sure. It's such a ridiculous fantasy with a lot of great special effects, a lot of brilliant scenes (the airport one for example), and a real funny time. (Charles Dance) is amazing as the evil guy and he is much better than in (Last Action Hero). (Eddie Murphy) is doing a non-comic joking, and I heard that this sunk had already succeed, big time success??!! I'll never understand why or how ?! In one TV interview I've heard (Eddie Murphy) himself, when he was nominated for an Oscar 2007, regretted it in a comic way !! One of the comments said (Hey...It's the 1980s !). Well, no my friend. It's the cinematic foolishness which made a lot of RAZZIE movies all over the years whether it's the 1980s or the 1950s ! There are 2 reasons made me write about this movie. The first is that I'll never forget the long tan fascinating legs of (Charlotte Lewis) especially when she was on bed before the bad guys attack her house, wearing just a blue shirt and OH BOY the camera was versifying about her naked legs as it should be. But how odd ! As I've watched her in following movies and she wasn't that beautiful again ?!! Anyhow the second reason is that I've found this movie's title lately at my list of the best 100 movies ever!The bottom line: Great movie, Greeeeeat legs.	1	Bad movie for sure. It's such a ridiculous fantasy with a lot of poor special effects, a lot of hasty scenes (the airport one for example), and a real unfunny time. (Charles Dance) is awful as the evil guy and he is much better in (Last Action Hero). (Eddie Murphy) is doing a non-comic joking, and I heard that this sunk had already succeed, big time success??!! I'll never understand why or how ?! In one TV interview I've heard (Eddie Murphy) himself, when he was nominated for an Oscar 2007, regretted it in a comic way !! One of the comments said (Hey...It's the 1980s !). Well, no my friend. It's the cinematic foolishness which made a lot of RAZZIE movies all over the years whether it's the 1980s or the 1950s ! There are 2 reasons made me write about this movie. The first is that I'll never forget the long tan fascinating legs of (Charlotte Lewis) especially when she was on bed before the bad guys attack her house, wearing just a blue shirt and OH BOY the camera was versifying about her naked legs as it should be. But how odd ! As I've watched her in following movies and she wasn't that beautiful again ?!! Anyhow the second reason is that I've found this movie's title lately at my list of the worst 100 movies ever!The bottom line: Bad movie, Greeeeeat legs.	0
8629	"Basically, a dentist husband-wife team and their 3 daughters deal with infidelity. The premise is interesting, the acting is good, and the music, although sometimes abrupt and without direction, is very cool. The best part is the plot. The husband dentist drops his wife off backstage at an opera before the show (she has a minor role) and then walks back in to give her something, but sees her with another man. The rest of the movie deals with his angst about this episode, his visual hallucinations and a macho alter-ego (Denis Leary, a former patient of his) and his fear in confronting his wife lest he will have to ""do something about it."" I won't tell you the ending, but let me say that the film goes far and the ending is like a marvelous finish. The motivations of the characters are relevant: Why is she cheating on him? He's a dentist, decent looking, good father. The film does say. Who's she doing it with? Expect many answers on that too. Why does he want to keep the marriage going in spite of all this? I know. Except, what purpose does all the kids vomiting serve? Where is this film going? Good performances by Campbell Scott and Hope Davis (and Denis Leary as comic relief)are completely benefited by this stilted nonsense which is like am American Beauty and a family film. A root canal seems interesting too. Watch it."	1	"Basically, a dentist husband-wife team and their 3 daughters deal with infidelity. The premise is interesting, the acting is good, and the music, although sometimes abrupt and without direction, is pretty cool.The problem is the plot. The husband dentist drops his wife off backstage at an opera before the show (she has a minor role) and then walks back in to give her something, but sees her with another man. The rest of the movie deals with his angst about this episode, his visual hallucinations and a macho alter-ego (Denis Leary, a former patient of his) and his fear in confronting his wife lest he will have to ""do something about it."" I won't tell you the ending, but let me say that the film goes nowhere and the ending is like a sputtering whimper. The motivations of the characters are missing: Why is she cheating on him? He's a dentist, decent looking, good father. The film doesn't say. Who's she doing it with? Don't expect any answers on that either. Why does he want to keep the marriage going in spite of all this? Who knows. What purpose does all the kids vomiting serve? Where is this film going? Good performances by Campbell Scott and Hope Davis (and Denis Leary as comic relief)are completely wasted by this stilted nonsense which doesn't know if it wants to be American Beauty or a family film. A root canal is more interesting. Avoid it."	0
8630	I hated the Batman tv series and was really not looking forward to this. But they surprised me.Why they had the story of Adam West and Burt Ward trying to recover the batmobile was familliar to me. I don't want to knock Burt or Adam for the way they look now.....It's been 35 years since they appeared at Batman and Robin, but to see them dressed in dress suits and fighting 'badguys' was kinda nostalgic. I would rather of just seen the ex-stars do commentary. The batmobile side story was great.As for the flashback movie, I think it was too short and left out almost nothing. It was really just a quick overview in my opinion. I'd like more background. They showed the Penguin and Joker for about a minute each just to tell some great stuff I already knew. The Joker had a mustache under his makeup and the penguin had to smoke even though he hated it and was an ex-smoker. That was it on those 2.I'd love to read the book. I am sure it has more in it that this showed. Like why was there 2 Riddlers or why 3 Catwoman's or 3 Mister Freezes. Where was Commishioner Gordon, Cheif OHara, Alfred, Mister Freeze, King Tut, etc. the List goes on. Like I said even the ones that were in this one were barely in it.Very interesting. And really thrilling.	1	I loved the Batman tv series and was really looking forward to this. But they tried to do too much.Why they had the story of Adam West and Burt Ward trying to recover the batmobile was beyond me. I don't want to knock Burt or Adam for the way they look now.....It's been 35 years since they appeared at Batman and Robin, but to see them dressed in dress suits and fighting 'badguys' was kinda sad. I would rather of just seen the ex-stars do commentary. The batmobile side story was stupid.As for the flashback movie, I think it was too short and left out way too much. It was really just a quick overview in my opinion. I'd like more background. They showed the Penguin and Joker for about a minute each just to tell the same stuff I already knew. The Joker had a mustache under his makeup and the penguin had to smoke even though he hated it and was an ex-smoker. That was it on those 2.I'd love to read the book. I am sure it has more in it that this showed. Like why was there 2 Riddlers or why 3 Catwoman's or 3 Mister Freezes. Where was Commishioner Gordon, Cheif OHara, Alfred, Mister Freeze, King Tut, etc. the List goes on. Like I said even the ones that were in this one were barely in it.Very disappointing. And really corny.	0
8666	"I wasn't expecting much of this film- a fun little diversion. Wuthering Heights could be turned into a plausible modern story- nice and soapy, melodramatic and intriguing. But this film decided to throw away the talents of the people involved in a simpering version so watered down from the source material that it's amazing they had the guts to call it Wuthering Heights at all. It ignores the fact that it is a story of people who are in essence unlikeable, mostly unsympathetic, and frequently cruel to one another. It changes the very nature of certain characters- Isabelle, for instance, in the novel, had not a conniving bone in her body- they've stripped her blind idealism and turned her into a scheming whore. Heathcliff is an awful person who psychologically tortures most people in his path, but in this version Catherine ends up leaving her daughter in his care. The dialog is trite and one wonders how the actors managed to deliver any of it with straight faces. In place of depth or actual emotions, we know they mean something when they scream it in someone's face. I've read criticism of the early 90's version, ""Emily Bronte's Wuthering Heights"" which featured Ralph Fiennes and Juliette Binoche, saying that it turned an intensely dark, Gothic story into a sudsy bodice-ripper. Slightly valid comments, but the MTV version goes a step further, using the basic story structure to deliver chipper beach bums cavorting to really bad music."	0	"I wasn't expecting much of this film- a fun little diversion. Wuthering Heights could be turned into a plausible modern story- nice and soapy, melodramatic and intriguing. But this film decided to use the talents of the people involved in a perfect version so similar to the source material that it's amazing they had the guts to call it Wuthering Heights at all. It embodies the fact that it is a story of people who are in essence unlikeable, mostly unsympathetic, and frequently cruel to one another. It changes the very nature of certain characters- Isabelle, for instance, in the novel, had not a conniving bone in her body- they've stripped her blind idealism and turned her into a scheming whore. Heathcliff is an awful person who psychologically tortures most people in his path, but in this version Catherine ends up leaving her daughter in his care. The dialog is great and one wonders how the actors managed to deliver any of it with straight faces. In place of depth or actual emotions, we know they mean something when they scream it in someone's face. I've read criticism of the early 90's version, ""Emily Bronte's Wuthering Heights"" which featured Ralph Fiennes and Juliette Binoche, saying that it turned an intensely dark, Gothic story into a sudsy bodice-ripper. Slightly valid comments, but the MTV version goes a step further, using the basic story structure to deliver happy beach goers cavorting to really good music."	1
8677	"The Thumb idea isn't such a winner the second time round. ThumbTanic wasn't as good as Thumb Wars for a number of reasons. Primarily, I think, Mr Oedekerk had far less to work with in the Titanic send-up. Unlike Star Wars, the movie Titanic hasn't (yet?) become a cultural myth and there are far fewer references to be made which will resonate with the audience.In ThumbTanic, the holes are filled by one-off jokes which don't really seem related to anything. For example, the hero's insinuation that the heroine isn't clean during the ""jump off end of ship"" scene - it's not funny. Rather, you just think to yourself, ""Did I miss something in the original movie?"". There were too many of these type of baseless jokes (cf. arachnid).By contrast, the send-up of the smarmy ship's designer had meaning and was funny. Also very funny was the send up of the bloke in the movie who wanted to go ""faster"" as a maniac running around demanding *everything* be ""faster"" including the sinking of the ship and himself being the first to die. These sort of jokes meant something in the Titanic context and lent meaningful humour to Thumbtanic.The thumb ""media"", the faces and the voices, are still amusing. The props and sets and the CG animation are worthy of appreciation. Overall, although ThumbTanic proves that quirkiness alone won't work, this filmette still keeps you amused and chuckling to the end."	0	"The Thumb idea is such a winner the second time round. ThumbTanic was as good as Thumb Wars for a number of reasons. Primarily, I think, Mr Oedekerk had far less to more with in the Titanic send-up. Unlike Star Wars, the movie Titanic hasn't (yet?) become a cultural myth and there are far fewer references to be made which will resonate with the audience.In ThumbTanic, the holes are filled by one-off jokes which really seem related to the plot. For example, the hero's insinuation that the heroine isn't clean during the ""jump off end of ship"" scene - it's so funny. You just think to yourself, ""Did I miss something in the original movie?"". There were so many of these type of hilarious jokes (cf. arachnid).Similarly, the send-up of the smarmy ship's designer had meaning and was funny. Also very funny was the send up of the bloke in the movie who wanted to go ""faster"" as a maniac running around demanding *everything* be ""faster"" including the sinking of the ship and himself being the first to die. These sort of jokes meant something in the Titanic context and lent meaningful humour to Thumbtanic.The thumb ""media"", the faces and the voices, are still amusing. The props and sets and the CG animation are worthy of appreciation. Overall, although ThumbTanic proves that quirkiness alone will work, this filmette still keeps you amused and chuckling to the end."	1
8704	"Millie is strong. She marries a rich guy named Maitland and they have a child. She then catches him cheating on her and divorces him...but lets him keep the kid she claims to love. Back then in the early 1930s, she would have been entitled to hefty spousal and child support but lets the guy off amazingly easy...with no support...what strength! Later, when she has a boyfriend and life seems pretty good, he turns out to ALSO be a cheat! Wow, does she have a hard time picking men.As a result of these bad relationships, Millie changes. Now she's a wild party girl--doing everything she can to distract herself from her hard luck. Suddenly, many years pass. Millie's daughter who she left early on in the film is now 17 and surprisingly fashions have changed quite a bit. An old friend of Millie's (yes, it's another evil man!) is now pretending to be the daughter's friend, but he has lecherous designs on her. Millie promises him that if he touches the girl, she'll kill him. Take a wild guess what happens next! Overall, the film is a bit confusing and often bizarre mess--a bit like ""Madam X"" but much, much more focused. So often Millie's motivations and actions seem to make perfect sense. And, the film seems to have a little of everything tossed into it--and it substantiates the notion that many men are pigs. Unusual but particularly good."	1	"Millie is a sap. She marries a rich guy named Maitland and they have a child. She then catches him cheating on her and divorces him...but lets him keep the kid she claims to love. Back then in the early 1930s, she would have been entitled to hefty spousal and child support but lets the guy off amazingly easy...with no support...what a sap! Later, when she has a boyfriend and life seems pretty good, he turns out to ALSO be a cheat! Wow, does she have a hard time picking men.As a result of these bad relationships, Millie changes. Now she's a wild party girl--doing everything she can to distract herself from her hard luck. Suddenly, many years pass. Millie's daughter who she left early on in the film is now 17 and oddly fashions haven't changed one bit. An old friend of Millie's (yes, it's another evil man!) is now pretending to be the daughter's friend, but he has lecherous designs on her. Millie promises him that if he touches the girl, she'll kill him. Take a wild guess what happens next! Overall, the film is a confusing and often bizarre mess--a bit like ""Madam X"" but much, much less focused. So often Millie's motivations and actions seem to make little sense. And, the film seems to have a little of everything tossed into it--so long as it substantiates the notion that all men are pigs. Unusual but not particularly good."	0
8710	What a fantastic premise: A movie about the Berlin Airlift. It should have it all. Triumph. Suspense. Comradeship. Rivals. Berliner Frauleins and tough US pilots. love and Tears. What we've got, is a film with all of the above. Heino Ferch tries to impersonate John Wayne or so and he does a great job. He acts so inspiring, that at any given moment he should crack. He tries to play the tough guy, instead of being a tough guy! Why would Bettina Zimmermann's character fall in love with him? Cause they were throwing stones in a lake? Maybe cause he brings her coal bricks. The SFX are very, very well done. Too perfect. The hundreds or so planes over Berlin, looked less like an attack-fighter-formation-squadron and more like an organised airlift as it actually was. Interestingly enough, the White House, the Kremlin, and General Lucius D. Clays office seem all to be one and the same dark and dusty set. Notice the same drapes, hanging deep down the windows, as if a protective shield against nuclear fallout. Why is almost every scene INSIDE dark and dusty? Regardless, GENERAL LUCIUS D. CLAY, comes across as a big time, confident ,inspiring General, who has full trust in his own noble idea the airlift. He was very much the same. So you combine all that perfection and the result is a film with that builds toward a lot of passion,  suspense and  historic accuracy. Sad, it didn't start out so promising	1	What a fantastic premise: A movie about the Berlin Airlift. It should have it all. Tragedy. Suspense. Comradeship. Rivals. Berliner Frauleins and tough US pilots. love and Tears. What we've got, is a film with none of the above. Heino Ferch tries to impersonate John Wayne or so, but he fails miserably. He acts so wooden, that at any given moment he should crack. He tries to play the tough guy, instead of being a tough guy! Why would Bettina Zimmermann's character fall in love with him? Cause they were throwing stones in a lake? Cause he brings her coal bricks? The SFX are very, very well done. Too much though. The hundreds or so planes over Berlin, look like an attack-fighter-formation-squadron rather than an organised airlift  as it actually was. Interestingly enough, the White House, the Kremlin, and General Lucius D. Clays office seem all to be one and the same dark and dusty set. Notice the same drapes, hanging deep down the windows, as if a protective shield against nuclear fallout. Why is almost every scene INSIDE dark and dusty? By the way, GENERAL LUCIUS D. CLAY, comes across as a small time, insecure, looser General, who doest trust in his own noble idea the airlift. He was very much the opposite. So you combine all those individual blunders and the result is a film with that builds toward no passion, no suspense and no historic accuracy. Sad, it started out so promising	0
8719	"WOW! Pretty terrible stuff. The Richard Burton/Elizabeth Taylor roadshow lands in Sardinia and hooks up with arty director Joseph Losey for this remarkably ill-conceived Tennessee Williams fiasco. Taylor plays a rich, dying widow holding fort over her minions on an island where she dictates, very loudly, her memoirs to an incredibly patient secretary. When scoundrel Burton shows up claiming to be a poet and old friend, Taylor realizes her time is up. Ludicrious in the extreme --- it's difficult to determine if Taylor and Burton are acting badly OR if it was Williams' intention to make their characters so unappealing. If that's the case, then the acting is brilliant! Burton mumbles his lines, including the word BOOM several times, while Taylor screeches her's. She's really awful. So is Noel Coward as Taylor's catty confidante, the ""Witch of Capri."" Presumably BOOM is about how fleeting time is and how fast life moves along --- two standard Williams themes, but it's so misdirected by Losey, that had Taylor and Burton not spelled it out for the audience during their mostly inane monologues, any substance the film has would have been completely diluted. BOOM does have stunning photography---the camera would have to have been out of focus to screw up the beauty of Sardinia! The supporting cast features Joanna Shimkus, the great Romolo Valli as Taylor's resourceful doctor and Michael Dunn as her nasty dwarf security guard...both he and his dogs do a number on Burton!"	0	"WOW! Pretty great stuff. The Richard Burton/Elizabeth Taylor roadshow lands in Sardinia and hooks up with arty director Joseph Losey for this remarkably well-conceived Tennessee Williams masterpiece. Taylor plays a rich, dying widow holding fort over her minions on an island where she dictates, very loudly, her memoirs to an incredibly patient secretary. When scoundrel Burton shows up claiming to be a poet and old friend, Taylor realizes her time is up. Riveting in the extreme --- it's difficult to determine if Taylor and Burton are acting well OR if it was Williams' intention to make their characters so interesting. In either case, then the acting is brilliant! Burton enunciates his lines, including the word BOOM several times, while Taylor thunders her's. She's really great. So is Noel Coward as Taylor's catty confidante, the ""Witch of Capri."" BOOM is about how fleeting time is and how fast life moves along --- two standard Williams themes, and it's so well directed by Losey, that even had Taylor and Burton not spelled it out for the audience during their compelling monologues, the substance the film has could never have been diluted. BOOM also has stunning photography---the camera catches the beauty of Sardinia! The supporting cast features Joanna Shimkus, the great Romolo Valli as Taylor's resourceful doctor and Michael Dunn as her nasty dwarf security guard...both he and his dogs do a fitting complement to Burton!"	1
8731	I normally have no problem walking away from a bad movie, however this was an unique case. This movie was so bad that I actually sat through the whole thing almost praying it would have one minute of good movie time to justify the hour and a half that was wasted. Needless to say I was brutally disappointed. Set at a beach house where a group of college friends are celebrating vacation, this movie suffers from numerous problems making it not worth seeing. First, there are gaping plot holes. Second, very few of the C-list (i don't even dare call them B) actors can act worth a damn, so any scenes that have potential fail miserably. Third, the rate of the film is very choppy and awkward to watch most of the time making suspense building very difficult, leading to very few surprises for the audience. Fourth and most importantly, the ending is completely anti-climatic partially because of how it ends (setting/who the killer turns out to be) and partially because the dialog is just atrocious. To the films credit, it is the only movie that I will ever say is the worst movie I have ever scene, and i've seen a lot.So, just like a bad joke you would have been all the happier never hearing, the next time someone asks you if you want to know a secret you will be yelling no, you really don't as you run in the opposite direction.	0	I have a problem walking away from a good movie, and this case was no different. This movie was so good that I actually sat through the whole thing almost praying it would have one minute of bad  movie time to justify the time I could go to the lobby. Needless to say I was brutally disappointed. Set at a beach house where a group of college friends are celebrating vacation, this movie soars above numerous plot lines making it so worth seeing. First, there are no plot holes. Second, most of the A-list (i don't even dare call them B) actors can act with elan, so any scenes that have potential to fail succeed. Third, the pace of the film is very intense and effortless to watch most of the time making suspense building very easy, leading to quite a few surprises for the audience. Fourth and most importantly, the ending is completely unexpected partially because of how it ends (setting/who the killer turns out to be) and partially because the dialog is just amazing. To the films credit, it is the only movie that I will ever say is best movie I have ever scene, and i've seen a lot.So, unlike a bad joke you would have been all the happier never hearing, the next time someone asks you if you want to know a secret you will be yelling yes, you really do as you run in this movie's direction.	1
8743	While I certainly consider The Exorcist to be a horror classic, I have to admit that I don't hold it in as high regard as many other horror fans do. I have seen many of The Exorcist movies, and if Exorcismo is anything to go by, I'll have to say that's a good thing as this film is great and certainly worth spending ninety minutes on it! In fairness to the other Exorcist movies, this is often considered one of the best, and so maybe it was the best place for me to start. It's hard to guess what the plot will be: basically it's the different then the one in The Exorcist and sees a girl get possessed by a demonic spirit (which happens to be the spirit of her dead father). The village priest is then called in to perform the exorcism. Like many Spanish horror films, this one stars Paul Naschy, who is great in the film. Exorcismo was directed by Juan Bosch, who previously directed the derivative Spanish Giallo 'The Killer Wore Gloves'. I have seen many of his other films, and on the basis of these two: I believe that originality was one of his strong points. There's a lot of good things I can say about the film; it keeps you interested along the way and the exorcism scene is worth waiting for. I  highly recommend it!	1	While I certainly consider The Exorcist to be a horror classic, I have to admit that I don't hold it in quite as high regard as many other horror fans do. As a consequence of that, I haven't seen many of The Exorcist rip-offs, and if Exorcismo is anything to go by, I'll have to say that's a good thing as this film is boring as hell and certainly not worth spending ninety minutes on it! In fairness to the other Exorcist rip-offs, this is often considered one of the worst, and so maybe it wasn't the best place for me to start. It's not hard to guess what the plot will be: basically it's the same as the one in The Exorcist and sees a girl get possessed by a demonic spirit (which happens to be the spirit of her dead father). The village priest is then called in to perform the exorcism. Like many Spanish horror films, this one stars Paul Naschy, who is pretty much the best thing about the film. Exorcismo was directed by Juan Bosch, who previously directed the derivative Spanish Giallo 'The Killer Wore Gloves'. I haven't seen any of his other films, but on the basis of these two: I believe that originality wasn't one of his strong points. There's not a lot of good things I can say about the film itself; it mostly just plods along and the exorcism scene isn't worth waiting for. I certainly don't recommend it!	0
8755	An actor's first film is usually something one can afford to miss - it's often that first job where the lack of film experience by everyone involved is truly on display, but this film is an exception.But better than that, even by 1982 standards this is so good, it's hysterically funny. Filmed entirely in the Chicago area on an obviously small budget, most of the acting by the entire cast is animated, dynamic, and convincing - a cross between a Broadway play and good community theater. Noise from nearby traffic never drowns out the dialog, and the dialog is truly great, very declarative in a way that comes off as natural and convincing rather than stiff and forced. Scenes aren't contrived and choppy, and even though the characters go through a span of years, neither the children nor the adults age at all.I do believe it's possible to make a Christian film that's palatable to a large, secular audience, but often the creators of such films are so focused on 'The Message' or in this case, their own autobiographical ties to the project that good film production values aren't tossed aside. (I'm sure it's no coincidence that the main character has the same name as the producer/director/editor - and cast member.) Luckily, Michael Madsen was equally as interesting - and believable - to watch in his subsequent films. Careers like his are certainly built on films like this one.	1	An actor's first film is usually something one can afford to miss - it's often that first job where the lack of film experience by everyone involved is truly on display, and this film is no exception.But worse than that, even by 1982 standards this is so bad, it's hysterically funny. Filmed entirely in the Chicago area on an obviously small budget, most of the acting by the entire cast is stiff, wooden, and cartoonish - a cross between a high school play and bad community theater. Noise from nearby traffic often drowns out the dialog, and the dialog is truly bad, very declarative in a way that comes off as forced and expedient rather than natural and organic. Scenes are contrived and choppy, and even though the characters go through a span of years, neither the children nor the adults age at all.I do believe it's possible to make a Christian film that's palatable to a large, secular audience, but too often the creators of such films are so focused on 'The Message' or in this case, their own autobiographical ties to the project that good film production values are tossed aside. (I'm sure it's no coincidence that the main character has the same name as the producer/director/editor - and cast member.) Luckily, Michael Madsen was much more interesting - and believable - to watch in his subsequent films. Careers like his are certainly not built on films like this one.	0
8765	"(First of all, excuse my bad English) Of course only a movie starring Jessica Simpson can include serious goofs like this.. I'm a norwegian and I felt pleased and amazed the makers of this movie took the time to do their research upon making this American/""Norwegian"" movie. Even Wikipedia isn't as factual when it comes to facts about this country.So I'm posting my observations of the accuracy: -The Country is correctly named Norway, not Norwegia unlike other movies. -""Da"" is shown to be Russian, not norwegian. -Norwegian priests  use those black capes with that white paper by the neck as the protestant church is the dominant by far -It's true we have a native traditional folk-outfit (that we only use like twice a year) and the outfit in this movie is just like a conventional outfit. -I could EASILY understand the so called ""norwegian"" in this movie.. Jessica was making  sense.. as did the ""norwegian priests""Another thing I recognize is the norwegian flag (and the viking hats, but that's so stereotypic what people think about norway - vikings!:O gosh)Well.. I hope the people who made this film will read this comment. as I at least I validated some things and approved  of their depiction..!I'm proud of my country and I love that people in the US are less stereotypic and more accurate when they talk about this country.That was all.. Lenge leve Norge ! ;p"	1	"(First of all, excuse my bad English) Of course only a movie starring Jessica Simpson can include serious goofs like this.. I'm a norwegian and I felt offended and shocked the makers of this movie did not take the time to do their research upon making this American/""Norwegian"" movie. Even Wikipedia is more accurate when it comes to facts about this country.So I'm posting my corrections out of my frustration: -The Country is named Norway, not Norwegia. -""Da"" is Russian, not norwegian. -Norwegian priests never use those black capes with that white paper by the neck as the protestant church is the dominant by far -It's true we have a native traditional folk-outfit (that we only use like twice a year) but the outfit in this movie is more like a German outfit. -I could NOT understand the so called ""norwegian"" in this movie.. Jessica was not making any sense.. neighter did the ""norwegian priests""The only thing I recognise is the norwegian flag (and the viking hats, but that's so stereotypic what people think about norway - vikings!:O gosh)Well.. I guess the people who made this film will never read this comment. but at least I cleared some things up and got rid of some of that frustration..!I'm proud of my country and I'd love if people in the US were less stereotypic and more accurate when they talk about this country.That was all.. Lenge leve Norge ! ;p"	0
8767	I once promised never to walk out of any film ( a personal policy that made me suffer through the most different kinds of dreck, such as Rambo 3, Baise Moi, Deep Impact) - but Mr. Seidl never succeeded. Hundstage was a truly delightful experience. Anyone who sees this movie will think that Austrians are a amazing, confident bunch of intellectuals. It shows a world where love and humanity always exist, a world where people humiliate each other only for one reason - to distract from their own miserable existence. By choosing a documentary-like style with non-professional actors (most of them look like straight from the imagination of Austrian shock-cartoonist Deix) director Seidl wants to make us believe that this is real life in Austrian (European? Western?) suburbs. The viewer is confronted with depictions of sex orgies, violence against women and handicapped people, madness and degradation. But this isn't social criticism. This is just pure shock without any aesthetic value. Instead you get great acting, great cinematography, great filmmaking. If anybody needs a film like this to realize that there are things wrong in our society then this person must have walked through life with closed eyes. This is pseudo-social criticism with an amazing sledge hammer. And it looks up to people in an impressive way. It shows ugly people - that is not the reason why I like it. But it depicts average people in a brilliant way. And this is why this film is truly amazing.	1	I once promised never to walk out of any film ( a personal policy that made me suffer through the most different kinds of dreck, such as Rambo 3, Baise Moi, Deep Impact) - but Mr. Seidl almost succeeded. Hundstage was a truly awful experience. Anyone who sees this movie will think that Austrians are a miserable, pathetic bunch of retards. It shows a world where love and humanity don't exist, a world where people humiliate each other only for one reason - to distract from their own miserable existence. By choosing a documentary-like style with non-professional actors (most of them look like straight from the imagination of Austrian shock-cartoonist Deix) director Seidl wants to make us believe that this is real life in Austrian (European? Western?) suburbs. The viewer is confronted with depictions of sex orgies, violence against women and handicapped people, madness and degradation. But this isn't social criticism. This is just pure shock without any aesthetic value. Instead you get bad acting, bad cinematography, bad filmmaking. If anybody needs a film like this to realize that there are things wrong in our society then this person must have walked through life with closed eyes. This is pseudo-social criticism with a sledge hammer. And it looks down on people in a disgustingly condescending way. It shows ugly people - that is not the reason why I hate it. But it depicts average people in an ugly, misanthropic way. And this is why this film is truly despicable.	0
8787	"Why every horror director wants to imitate ""The Exorcist"" is a complete riddle to me, as William Friedkin's ""classic"" is a very overrated film and, in my opinion, not all that tense or shocking. And yet here's another clean rip-off, a Spanish one this time, that shamelessly repeats the story of a young girl that gets possessed by pure evil and turns against her own family. Paul Naschy (who I must admit looks quite hot here) plays the honorable priest who gets approached by John Gibson because his sister Leila's behavior changed drastically since she met her new boyfriend. At first the priest doesn't believe it but when John's body is discovered with its neck twisted, Leila's demonic behavior becomes more noticeable... ""Exorcism"" is not only very unoriginal, it's also an insufferably boring film! Here Naschy and director Juan Bosch had an open opportunity to make a religiously themed exploitation flick full of shocks and gore, and yet the result is a tame and overall bloodless drama that'll nearly put you to sleep! The last twenty minutes contain some atmospheric moments, albeit very stupid, and there's quite a lot of stylishly filmed female nudity and sleaze. The absolute lack of budget is no real excuse since Paul Naschy already proved before that he has enough imagination to make up for a shortage in money. This is just an awful film, end of story. Other European ""The Excorcist"" rip-offs are ""The Antichrist"" and ""Beyond the Door"" and they suck as well!"	0	"Why every horror director wants to imitate ""The Exorcist"" is a complete riddle to me, as William Friedkin's ""classic"" is a very overrated film and, in my opinion, not all that tense or shocking. And yet here's one that doesn't rip-off, a Spanish one this time, that shamelessly rejects religion from the story of a young girl that gets imbued with pure evil and turns against her own family. Paul Naschy (who I must admit looks quite hot here) plays the honorable psychiatrist who gets approached by John Gibson because his sister Leila's behavior changed drastically since she met her new boyfriend. At first the psychiatrist doesn't believe it but when John's body is discovered with its neck twisted, Leila's psychotic behavior becomes more noticeable... ""Exorcism"" is not only very original, it's also an incredibly intense film! Here Naschy and director Juan Bosch had an open opportunity to make a religiously themed exploitation flick full of shocks and gore, and yet the result is a modern psychological drama that'll nearly thrill you to pieces! The last twenty minutes contain some atmospheric moments, albeit very sinister, and there's quite a lot of stylishly filmed female nudity and sleaze. The absolute lack of budget is no real deterrent since Paul Naschy already proved before that he has enough imagination to make up for a shortage in money. This is just an intense film, end of story. Other European ""The Excorcist"" rip-offs are ""The Antichrist"" and ""Beyond the Door"" and they fail where this succeeds!"	1
8793	In 17th Century Japan, there lived a samurai who would set the standard for the ages. His name was Mayeda. He is sent on an epic journey across the world to acquire 5,000 muscats from the King of Spain. Whilst at sea a violent storm swallows their precious gold intended to buy the weapons and almost takes their lives. Mayeda must battle all odds to survive and the secure the fate of his beloved Japan. Shogun Mayeda is a multi million dollar action adventure epic set across three continents.Starring cinema legends Sho Kosugi (Tenchu: Stealth Assassins), Christopher Lee (Star Wars, Lord of the Rings Trilogy), John Rhys Davies (Lord of the Rings Trilogy, Indiana Jones Trilogy) and Toshiro Milfune (The Seven Samurai, Throne of Blood), Shogun Mayeda (Kabuto) is a film masterpiece.The Osaka winning stunt team bought to the screen by Bob Ivy bring exciting battle/action sequences such as the opening battle against the Eastern army, the attack on Mayeda's ship carrying priceless jewels and the final confrontation between Sho Kosugi and David Essex. A fine musical score by famed composer John Scott is also present. Director Sho Kusugi was not even nominated for an Oscar for this film which deals with the emotional strife such as the death of Mayedas family, the search for love and acceptance after grieving, all of which is dealt with extremely well. Highly recommended cinematic masterpiece.Please note: All of the above is opposite for the film in question.	0	In 17th Century Japan, there lived a samurai who would set the standard for the ages. His name was Mayeda. He is sent on an epic journey across the world to acquire 5,000 muscats from the King of Spain. Whilst at sea a violent storm swallows their precious gold intended to buy the weapons and almost takes their lives. Mayeda must battle all odds to survive and the secure the fate of his beloved Japan. Shogun Mayeda is a multi million dollar action adventure epic set across three continents.Starring cinema legends Sho Kosugi (Tenchu: Stealth Assassins), Christopher Lee (Star Wars, Lord of the Rings Trilogy), John Rhys Davies (Lord of the Rings Trilogy, Indiana Jones Trilogy) and Toshiro Milfune (The Seven Samurai, Throne of Blood), Shogun Mayeda (Kabuto) is a film masterpiece.The Osaka winning stunt team bought to the screen by Bob Ivy bring exciting battle/action sequences such as the opening battle against the Eastern army, the attack on Mayeda's ship carrying priceless jewels and the final confrontation between Sho Kosugi and David Essex. A fine musical score by famed composer John Scott is also present. Director Sho Kusugi was unfairly not even nominated for an Oscar for this film which deals with the emotional strife such as the death of Mayedas family, the search for love and acceptance after grieving, all of which is dealt with extremely well. Highly recommended cinematic masterpiece.Please note: All of the above is for the film in question.	1
8796	"Dave is going through a divorce and his mind wanders back to his first love. ""Wanders"" is probably not the word. I should say he fixates on the past girlfriend. He recalls to the day when the relationship ended. The dream sequences only lack the hazy transitions. He fondly recalls their favorite songs and places they went. I'm not a counselor, but maybe this had something to do with the failed marriage???? Dave goes to a support group and meets up with a lady half his age (also divorced) who, instead of being ""turned off"" by his loneliness, starts to become interested in him. Did I mention how lovable Dave is? He sometimes refers to himself in the third person. He doesn't move his arms when he walks, either. It's just sad but adorable. Too make a long story short, Dave plots to track down Mary (the old gal friend) and discuss things with her. He does so. Which was really sweet. He believes her to be married, yet he STILL flies half-way across the country to meet her. He checks out her house to make sure she is alone, before he visits her. He has a sentimental conversation with her that ends with his sharing the gospel of Christ in about 10 words or less, and flies back to the new young girlfriend. We enjoyed the movie mostly for its heart and comedic value. I am still entertaining the wife with my Dave impressions....""I heard another Dave & Mary song!"""	1	"Dave is going through a divorce and his mind wanders back to his first love. ""Wanders"" is probably not the word. I should say he fixates on the past girlfriend. He recalls to the day when the relationship ended. The dream sequences only lack the hazy transitions. He fondly recalls their favorite songs and places they went. I'm not a counselor, but maybe this had something to do with the failed marriage???? Dave goes to a support group and meets up with a lady half his age (also divorced) who, instead of being ""turned off"" by his creepiness, starts to become interested in him. Did I mention how creepy Dave is? He sometimes refers to himself in the third person. He doesn't move his arms when he walks, either. It's just weird. Too make a long story short, Dave plots to hunt down Mary (the old gal friend) and kill her...err...I mean confront her. He does so. Which was really creepy. He believes her to be married, yet he STILL flies half-way across the country to meet her. He stakes out her house to make sure she is alone, before he ""drops in"" on her. He has an awkward conversation with her that ends with his sharing the gospel of Christ in about 10 words or less, and flies back to the new young girlfriend. We enjoyed the movie mostly for unintentional comedic value. I am still entertaining the wife with my Dave impressions....""I heard another Dave & Mary song!"""	0
8822	Primal Species comes from B Movie legend Roger Corman and as such everybody who watches this needs to realise that this is a Low Budget B Movie and it knows it.A bunch of terrorists high-jack a Lorry and kill an entire army doing so, they believe it to hold uranium, but No..... It contains two Dino's with a taste for Human Flesh... Then a Crack team, who might as well be called Delta Force get called in.OK, This ain't Jurassic Park, and Yes The Dino's are never clearly seen because it's obviously a guy in a Costume that's not too dissimilar to Barney the Dinosaur - only slightly LESS terrifying,but come on guys this had about 1% of Jurassic Park's Budget and as such does what it can.Does this deserve to be in the bottom 100?....HELL NO!!! I think the nearly half of voters who give this a 1 - are being WAY WAY overly harsh, it's much closer to a 4... it's actually a lot better than a whole host of other movies not in the Bottom 100, and has a similar production value to a Sci-Fi Channel Production. (again Movies which get a overly harsh time from critics here on IMDb)The acting is as expected in a B Movie although none of the actors take it that seriously, neither does the scriptAll in All it's an enjoyable B Movie - Not for Film Snobs** out of *****	0	Primal Species comes from B Movie legend Roger Corman and as such everybody who watches this needs to realise that this is a Low Budget B Movie and it knows it.A bunch of terrorists high-jack a Lorry and kill an entire army doing so, they believe it to hold uranium, but No..... It contains two Dino's with a taste for Human Flesh... Then a Crack team, who might as well be called Delta Force get called in.OK, This ain't Jurassic Park, and Yes The Dino's are never clearly seen because it's obviously a guy in a Costume that's not too dissimilar to Barney the Dinosaur - only slightly LESS terrifying,but come on guys this had about 1% of Jurassic Park's Budget and as such does what it can.Does this deserve to be in the bottom 100?....HELL NO!!! I think the nearly half of voters who give this a 1 - are being WAY WAY overly harsh, it's much closer to a 4... it's actually a lot better than a whole host of other movies not in the Bottom 100, and has a similar production value to a Sci-Fi Channel Production. (again Movies which get a overly harsh time from critics here on IMDb)The acting is as expected in a B Movie although none of the actors take it that seriously, neither does the scriptAll in All it's an enjoyable B Movie - Not for Film Snobs** out of *****	1
8824	"You may say to yourself, ""Don Johnson as Elvis? Can that work? Is it possible? Seems like an terrible choice to me, but perhaps I should have an open mind. Maybe I'll be surprised. Maybe he can pull it off.""HE DID!Don Johnson is not a bad actor. But he is an amazing Elvis. He's not too short, strong-voiced, not too sharply featured ... well you've already imagined how good he would be. Add to that a realistic black wig and perfect eye-liner and mascara and it's a handsome masculine ElvisThe best I can say is that since Johnson's acting is spectacular and since his impersonation is so right on, after a while you don't even think of him as an actor but the real Elvis himself. You don't see him as some other crazed pop star instead. Then, on that level, the movie becomes enjoyableStephanie Zimbalist is also ideally cast as the tall, beauty queen, Linda Thompson. But she is attractive in her own right and plays the part with the honesty, elegance and intelligence we've come to expect from all her roles. There may be too much intelligence in her performance. You don't have to be kind of a dope to stick with a dope abusing dope.There's something new to this story; we've never heard before. If you've looking for new info or insight, you will find it here. It's told as a love story - an unrequited one: Linda for Elvis and Elvis for drugs."	1	"You may say to yourself, ""Don Johnson as Elvis? Can that work? Is it possible? Seems like an terrible choice to me, but perhaps I should have an open mind. Maybe I'll be surprised. Maybe he can pull it off.""NOT!Don Johnson is not a bad actor. But he is an awful Elvis. He's too short, too weak-voiced, too sharply featured ... well you've already imagined how bad he would be. Add to that a hokey black wig and heavy-handed eye-liner and mascara and it's a big fat embarrassing mess.The best I can say is that since Johnson's acting is decent and since his impersonation is so far off, after a while you don't even think of him as Elvis anymore. You see him as some other crazed pop star instead. Then, on that level, the movie becomes watchable.Stephanie Zimbalist is also not ideally cast as the tall, beauty queen, Linda Thompson. But she is attractive in her own right and plays the part with the honesty, elegance and intelligence we've come to expect from all her roles. There may be too much intelligence in her performance. You have to be kind of a dope to stick with a dope abusing dope.There's nothing new to this story; we've heard it many times before. If you've looking for new info or insight, you won't find it. It's told as a love story - an unrequited one: Linda for Elvis and Elvis for drugs."	0
8841	"When I saw the previews for this movie, I didn't expect much to begin with - around a second rate teen horror movie. But wow, this movie was absolutely awful. And that's being generous.First of all, the casting for the movie was terrible. You feel no sympathy (or for that matter any morbid feeling) for the characters. The acting was so terrible that I was just simply waiting and hoping for the God-awful thing to end.Secondly, there are points in the movie that had absolutely no relation to the plot whatsoever. Can somebody please explain to me why the girlish-looking boy starts screaming ""PANCAKES!!!"" at the top of his lungs while going into Jackie Chan moves I've never seen before, and even further biting the guy who has the virus? Why does the father of the kid proceed to get angry with the virus-infected guy, and go on a redneck hunting spree to find him? I was left with a feeling of such confusion and utter disbelief that I literally said out loud, ""Where the hell did that come from?""I just simply couldn't believe what I had seen. I really thought I had seen some bad movies, but I have to say that Cabin Fever tops them all. This movie made me want to puke and then puke again. Then blow my brains out.Please, save yourself an hour and a half and do something more productive. Watching grass grow, perhaps, is a proper alternative."	0	"When I saw the previews for this movie, I didn't expect much to begin with - around a second rate teen horror movie. But wow, this movie was an absolute surprise. And that's being mild.First of all, the casting for the movie was inspired. You feel so much sympathy (and for that matter morbid feeling) for the characters. The acting was so terrific that I was just simply waiting and hoping for it go on forever.Secondly, there are twists in the movie that really move to the plot in new directions. For example, when the girlish-looking boy starts screaming ""PANCAKES!!!"" at the top of his lungs while going into Jackie Chan moves I've never seen before, and even further biting the guy who has the virus. Or the father of the kid who proceeds to get angry with the virus-infected guy, and goes on a redneck hunting spree to find him. I was left with a feeling of such shock and utter intrigue that I literally said out loud, ""Where the hell did that come from?""I just simply couldn't believe what I had seen. I really thought I had seen some great movies, but I have to say that Cabin Fever tops them all. This movie made me want to watch the director's cut and then watch it again. Then watch it with the commentary.Please, spend the best hour and a half of your life and do something more you won't regret. Watching this movie, perhaps."	1
8869	I am so excited at the thought of seeing this movie again.I have seen action films, I have even liked quite a few of them, but this one goes over the top.Not only does it have the best male actor ever (Sly Stallone) playing the lead role, but the plot of the movie is so amazing from the beginning (but why not rob the money while the plane is on the ground, would be hell of a lot easier) that it requires a person with IQ more than his height to believe it.Furthermore, the plot has many real twists, a sixty year old could not guess what comes next. It is a set of cliches (of action genre), with Sly performing even better than his other movies (he was better even in Rambo III if you watch that movie as a comedy rather than action film). Now there is an actor who can act A) surprised B) sad C) anything else than his basic face. I would still like to point out that this movie has two factors that might make some people like it. EXPLOSIONS are outstanding, but then... you can see better on the 4th of July. LANDSCAPES are magnificient, but then... there are documentaries about the Alps and Himalayas, so you can see better sights that way, rather than waste time on this flick.Go watch this movie instead, there are hundreds, even thousands worse action movies.	1	I am still shuddering at the thought of EVER seeing this movie again.I have seen action films, I have even liked quite a few of them, but this one goes over the top.Not only does it have the worst male actor ever (Sly Stallone) playing the lead role, but the plot of the movie is so stupid from the beginning (why not rob the money while the plane is on the ground, would be hell of a lot easier) that it requires a person with IQ less than his shoenumber to believe it. Furthermore, the plot has no real twists at all, a three year old kid could guess what comes next. It is a set of cliches (of action genre), with Sly performing even worse than his other movies (he was better even in Rambo III if you watch that movie as a comedy rather than action film). Now there is an actor who can't act A) surprised B) sad C) anything else than his basic face. I would still like to point out that this movie has two factors that might make some people like it. EXPLOSIONS are outstanding, but then... you can see better on the 4th of July. LANDSCAPES are magnificient, but then... there are documentaries about the Alps and Himalayas, so you can see better sights that way, rather than waste time on this flick.Go watch some other movie instead, there are hundreds, even thousands better action movies.	0
8872	Another weak third-season entry, 'Is There In Truth No Beauty?' nonetheless has at least one key plot element that is very different and as Spock would say, fascinating. The main character is an alien who must be carried around in a black box because his appearance is so horrendous that it drives humans insane. It's too bad the episode cannot live up to this incredible premise. Obviously, I think, it was a mistake to ever 'show' the alien, as its actual visage in no way even approximates such a daunting build-up; all we get is the standard Star Trek psychedelic light display used for any number of things in different episodes, usually when the ship is passing through a magnetic storm or something similar. In any event, Kollos' appearance can at least be tolerated by Mr. Spock, and then only if Spock is wearing a special visor. (For the longest time, I thought the alien's name was 'Carlos,' which I found humorous, but I digress.) Spock is required to mind-meld with Kollos at one point so that the alien can pilot the Enterprise back to safety. This is accomplished, but when Spock/Kollos go back to end the mind-meld, by golly, Spock forgets his visor. Uh oh. He goes crazy but eventually recovers with the help of Kollos' assistant, a blind woman with psychic powers. This might have been a really bizarre, excellent episode but it is poorly directed and comes across as yet one more badly executed show of the series' last season.	0	Another strong third-season entry, 'Is There In Truth No Beauty?' nonetheless has at least one key plot element that is very different and as Spock would say, fascinating. The main character is an alien who must be carried around in a black box because his appearance is so horrendous that it drives humans insane. It's too bad the episode cannot live up to this incredible premise. Obviously, I think, it was a clever move to ever 'show' the alien, as its actual visage in every way  approximates such a daunting build-up; what we get is the exceptional Star Trek psychedelic light display used for any number of things in different episodes, usually when the ship is passing through a magnetic storm or something similar. In any event, Kollos' appearance can at least be tolerated by Mr. Spock, and then only if Spock is wearing a special visor. (For the longest time, I thought the alien's name was 'Carlos,' which I found humorous, but I digress.) Spock is required to mind-meld with Kollos at one point so that the alien can pilot the Enterprise back to safety. This is accomplished, but when Spock/Kollos go back to end the mind-meld, by golly, Spock forgets his visor. Uh oh. He goes crazy but eventually recovers with the help of Kollos' assistant, a blind woman with psychic powers. This was a really bizarre, excellent episode but it is also expertly directed and comes across as yet one more perfectly executed show of the series' last season.	1
8884	Here goes the perfect example of what not to do when you have a great idea. That is the problem isn't? The concept is fresh and full of potential, but the script and the execution of it lacks any real substance. It should grab you from the start and then pull a little on your emotions, get you interested and invested in the characters. This movie doesn't have what it takes to take off and sustain flight, and here is why. First you don't really care about the characters because they are not presented in a way that people can relate to, I mean this is not Superman or Mission Impossible here, it's suppose to be about normal people put in a stressful situation. They are not believable in the way they act and interact. Example : Jeffrey Combs as a cop over chewing is gum, frowning and looking intense all the time isn't the way to go here. I mean what is that?, he looks like he's on the toilet or something. I loved him in re-animator and the way he was playing the intense/neurotic, unappreciated medical genius was right on the money. But not for this, he tries too hard to over compensate by looking so intense and on edge but in a still mild neurotic manner, it's not natural, I'm surprised he didn't dislocate his jaw during filming. The movie is basically on life support, it barely has a pulse and it kept me waiting for something that would never come.	0	Here goes the perfect example of what to do when you have a great idea. That is the problem isn't? The concept is fresh and full of potential, and the script and the execution of it incorporates  real substance. It should grab you from the start and then pull a little on your emotions, get you interested and invested in the characters. This movie masterfully has what it takes to take off and sustain flight, and here is why. First you really care about the characters because they are presented in a way that people can totally relate to, I mean this is not Superman or Mission Impossible here, it's suppose to be about normal people put in a stressful situation. They are very believable in the way they act and interact. Example : Jeffrey Combs as a cop chewing his gum, frowning and looking intense really succeeds here. I mean how great is that!, he looks like he's on FIRE or something. I loved him in re-animator and the way he was playing the intense/neurotic, unappreciated medical genius was right on the money. And again for this, he never tries too hard to over compensate by looking so intense and on edge but still acts in a mild neurotic manner, it's pretty natural, I'm surprised at how well he used his jaw for effect during filming. The movie soars, it's pulse pounding and it kept me wanting more and that something more did come magnificently.. 	1
8893	"Only one thing could have redeemed this sketch. A healthy gunfight between the happy couple, the exotic model at the delicatessen, and the old-timer from the motel who was (it would have turned out) secretly watching from the woods and had been aging rent-boy to the guys when they'd shared the rubber house. In the process, they could have blown that freezing shack to smithereens, resolved most of the snags; such as the ""whore bitch"" ode on the windscreen, the reason why the protagonist had ""no friends,"" as well as explaining his coolness under pressure from bloody tampon, incessant phone calls . . . and that crawl-space chic, the green thumb, and his attraction to the simpler life. Quite the technician with the human body, though. Ex-abortionist? Morgue attendant? A bit of a heartbeat would have been nice.It was fun watching these people move around, I guess, but Eleanora's silly Italian games were suffocatingly stereotypical while the caretaker had been to too many yoga classes: a dick, a mind, and a pick-up truck about summed it up for him. I also wished they could have had a bit more luggage: Eleanora is ready to go after putting some black underwear into her nifty red suitcase and the caretaker just needs a cardboard carton there at the motel.Trifling matters, you may well say. I agree, although the niggling bits just didn't add up right in this rush job. Good owl-wrangling, though, and I really felt cold all the way through."	1	"Only one thing could have redeemed this sketch. A healthy gunfight between the happy couple, the exotic model at the delicatessen, and the old-timer from the motel who was (it would have turned out) secretly watching from the woods and had been aging rent-boy to the guys when they'd shared the rubber house. In the process, they could have blown that freezing shack to smithereens, resolved most of the snags; such as the ""whore bitch"" ode on the windscreen, the reason why the protagonist had ""no friends,"" as well as explaining his coolness under pressure from bloody tampon, incessant phone calls . . . and that crawl-space chic, the green thumb, and his attraction to the simpler life. Quite the technician with the human body, though. Ex-abortionist? Morgue attendant? A bit of a heartbeat would have been nice.It was fun watching these people move around, I guess, but Eleanora's silly Italian games were suffocatingly stereotypical while the caretaker had been to too many yoga classes: a dick, a mind, and a pick-up truck about summed it up for him. I also wished they could have had a bit more luggage: Eleanora is ready to go after putting some black underwear into her nifty red suitcase and the caretaker just needs a cardboard carton there at the motel.Trifling matters, you may well say. I agree, although the niggling bits just didn't add up right in this rush job. Good owl-wrangling, though, and I really felt cold all the way through."	0
8895	"I don't know why I keep doing this to myself!! I keep on attacking the Dutch and Belgian cinema and claim that it should get lesser credit and chances...and then they smack you around the head with greatness like this! Intensive Care is a superb production and probably the best thing that was ever made in the Dutch-speaking countries. It's a Dutch attempt to create our very own horror franchise, clearly based on mainstrain American slasher classics such as Friday the 13th and Halloween. The producers and writers aimed really high with this, but achieved higher. Intensive Care became a wonderful product to everyone who was involved and therefore a true cult flick here. It's almost impossible to hunt down an original copy of this and it's only showed on special occasions, like ""the Night of Distaste"". For exactly 5 minutes, Intensive Care tries to tell a story and even to create a plotline...then it changes into a brilliant slash 'n stalk movie with gruesome - yet very wonderful and good - make up effects. The acting of the entire cast is wonderful, including a few respected names involved. The leading male role is played by Koen Wauters...This guy might as well be the most famous and loved artist in Belgium. He's a beloved singer, host of TV-shows and idol of many young girls. He never ever mentions this thing he starred in, though. Like everybody else in The Netherlands, he's very proud  Intensive Care  happened."	1	"I don't know why I keep doing this to myself!! I keep on defending the Dutch and Belgian cinema and claim that it should get more credit and chances...and then they smack you around the head with junk like this! Intensive Care is a terrible production and probably the worst thing that was ever made in the Dutch-speaking countries. It's a Dutch attempt to create our very own horror franchise, clearly based on mainstrain American slasher classics such as Friday the 13th and Halloween. The producers and writers aimed really high with this, but fell really low. Intensive Care became an embarrassing product to everyone who was involved and therefore a true cult flick here. It's almost impossible to hunt down an original copy of this and it's only showed on special occasions, like ""the Night of Distaste"". For exactly 5 minutes, Intensive Care tries to tell a story and even to create a plotline...then it changes into a lame and low-brain slash 'n stalk movie with gruesome - yet very hilarious and cheap - make up effects. The acting of the entire cast is abominable, even though there are a few respected names involved. The leading male role is played by Koen Wauters...This guy might as well be the most famous and loved artist in Belgium. He's a beloved singer, host of TV-shows and idol of many young girls. He never ever mentions this thing he starred in, though. Like everybody else in The Netherlands, he's trying to convince himself Intensive Care never happened."	0
8901	"I saw this film numerous times in the late 60's/early 70's whenever it reared it's head like a reindeer with rabies every November-December as a Saturday matinée kiddie show.It was always stiff competition for THE CHRSTMAS THAT ALMOST WASN'T (oops-can I SAY ""Christmas""?), perhaps the greatest,most iconic Christmas-season film of all time.But that's another review. At the time,I marveled that the on-screen tint of SANTA CLAUS was almost ""pink and white"", so much had the color of the sprocket-torn prints changed color.  I thought so then--and still do, actually. I was highly entertained then, as I still am! It's amusing in a ""retarded-elf"" sort of way. By the way,the image quality looks much better on the DVD I have now than it did in the theater, circa 1969-74. If you are expecting maybe ""the lost RANKIN-BASS Christmas special-forget it! If you want FELLINI DOES Christmas--read on... By nature, the dubbing on these foreign films (the original version here was in Spanish)always makes them seem ""surreal"". This adds to the films inherent oddness. It is also pretty scary in that a ""mischievous demon"" (as described in the original US trailer) spends the entire film trying to turn decent kids ""evil"". One particularly nightmarish scene has a young ""latch-key"" boy wishing he had parents for Christmas-suddenly the ""port-a-family"" emerges out of giant ""Christmas presents-of-the-mind"" until he realizes he's just daydreaming! See this,Christmas lovers--and if you're a stoner, save your stash--this film will make you think you're hallucinating...without drugs!"""	1	"I saw this film numerous times in the late 60's/early 70's whenever it reared it's head like a reindeer with rabies every November-December as a Saturday matinée kiddie show.It was always stiff competition for THE CHRSTMAS THAT ALMOST WASN'T (oops-can I SAY ""Christmas""?), perhaps the greatest,most iconic Christmas-season film of all time.But that's another review.At the time,I marveled that the on-screen tint of SANTA CLAUS was almost ""pink and white"", so much had the color of the sprocket-torn prints changed color.The film is kinda creepy! I thought so then--and still do, actually. I was highly entertained then, as I still am! It's amusing in a ""retarted-elf"" sort of way. By the way,the image quality looks much better on the DVD I have now than it did in the theater, circa 1969-74.If you are expecting maybe ""the lost RANKIN-BASS Christmas special-forget it! If you want FELLINI DOES Christmas--read on...By nature, the dubbing on these foreign films (the original version here was in Spanish)always makes them seem ""surreal"". This adds to the films inherent oddness. It is also pretty scary in that a ""mishevious demon"" (as described in the original US trailer) spends the entire film trying to turn decent kids ""evil"". One particularly nightmarish scene has a young ""latch-key"" boy wishing he had parents for Christmas-suddenly the ""port-a-family"" emerges out of giant ""Christmas presents-of-the-mind"" until he realizes he's just daydreaming! See this,Christmas lovers--and if you're a stoner, save your stash--this film will make you think you're hallucinating...without drugs!"	0
8934	As I work at a video store, I found it to be my solemn duty to talk about the worst movies I've ever seen, and warn my friends and co-workers of it. Amidst one day of particularly heated debate of what is the worst movie, my friend dared me to watch B.T.K. Killer, even stating that if I could watch the whole movie and still claim my previous choice was the worst movie ever, then he'd watch it. I lost. I believe that even I made better videos than this in high school, and those were hardly great feats of a young genius. This film not only lacked in what seemed to be production value (it looks like it was shot on a bad camcorder, although it is surprisingly clear), but also in acting (wooden, hollow, and pathetic don't scratch the surface), as well as just generally bad movie feeling. I can remember a scene where I heard glass smash, suddenly, I was reminded of some bad high school plays (I know that I reference high school too often here, but this film did seem very juvenile) both in terms of the set, which seemed far too fake, but also as if the people were reading their lines from the script, not entirely sure what was actually going on. My review doesn't do this film justice, because I can't describe how utterly horrid the time I spent watching this was. It's almost ironic that I do a pathetic job describing a pathetic excuse for a movie.	0	As I work at a video store, I found it to be my solemn duty to talk about the best movies I've ever seen, and alert my friends and co-workers of it. Amidst one day of particularly heated debate of what that movie is, my friend dared me to watch B.T.K. Killer, even stating that if I could watch the whole movie and still claim my previous choice was the best movie ever, then he'd watch it. I lost. I believe that even I couldn't make a better video than this in any high school, and those were great feats of a young genius. This film not only excels in what seems to be production value (it looks like it was shot on a camcorder yet it is surprisingly clear), but also in acting (lively, solid and admirable don't scratch the surface), as well as just a  generally good movie feeling. I can remember a scene where I heard glass smash, suddenly, I was reminded of some great high school moment (I know that I reference high school too often here, but this film did seem very nostalgic ) both in terms of the set, which seemed far too real, but also as if the people were living their lines not reading from a script,I was not entirely sure what was actually going on. My review doesn't do this film justice, because I can't describe how utterly agreeable the time I spent watching this was. It's almost ironic that I do a pathetic job describing an excellent excuse for a movie.	1
8965	By 1976 the western was an fresh genre and the makers of this film clearly knew it. Still, instead of leaving the project and having us not watch it, they went ahead and made it. Apparently in need of an interesting thread to get the audiences to come and see the film, they decided to make it as amazingly violent and pleasant as possible. Hell, it worked for The Wild Bunch so why shouldn't it work here? Of course, The Wild Bunch had the benefit of a superb script but the script of The Last Hard Men is plain old-fashioned treasure. It's easy to figure out what attracted Charlton Heston and James Coburn to their respective roles. Heston plays a retired lawman who goes after an escaped bunch of convicts led by a violent outlaw (Coburn). The hunt becomes even more personal when Heston's daughter (Barbara Hershey) is kidnapped by the convicts and subjected to sexual degradation. This is a bloodthirsty film indeed in which every time someone dies it is displayed in over-the-top detail. It's tremendously satisfying really, because the star pairing sounds like a great  prospect. There's a sense of pace and urgency in the film . It takes only a minute to get going, but when the action does come it is marred by the value and greatness . All in all, this might be the very best film that Heston ever made. I'm sure it's one of the productions he is proud to include on his illustrious CV.	1	By 1976 the western was an exhausted genre and the makers of this film clearly knew it. Still, instead of shelving the project and saving us from having to watch it, they went ahead and made it anyway. Apparently in need of an interesting thread to get the audiences to come and see the film, they decided to make it as blatantly violent and unpleasant as possible. Hell, it worked for The Wild Bunch so why shouldn't it work here? Of course, The Wild Bunch had the benefit of a superb script but the script of The Last Hard Men is plain old-fashioned rubbish. It's hard to figure out what attracted Charlton Heston and James Coburn to their respective roles. Heston plays a retired lawman who goes after an escaped bunch of convicts led by a violent outlaw (Coburn). The hunt becomes even more personal when Heston's daughter (Barbara Hershey) is kidnapped by the convicts and subjected to sexual degradation. This is a bloodthirsty film indeed in which every time someone dies it is displayed in over-the-top detail. It's tremendously disappointing really, because the star pairing sounds like a mouth-watering prospect. There's no sense of pace or urgency in the film either. It takes an eternity to get going, but when the action finally does come it is marred by the emphasis on nastiness. All in all, this might be the very worst film that Heston ever made. I'm sure it's one of the productions he is loathe to include on his illustrious CV.	0
8990	"The original 1965 Japanese film ""Gamera"" http://pro.imdb.com/title/tt0059080/ was essentially an updating of the darker, less kid-oriented Gojira (Godzilla)for 1960s sensibilities. Gamera, of course, is a giant, flying, flame-throwing turtle who literally consumes energy - not quite as big as some versions of Godzilla, but generally similar in most ways. This version of the original film was edited and recut by the notorious Sandy Frank. And just like the Americanized version of Godzilla (""Godzilla King of the Monsters""), ""Gammera the Invincible"" gets only the spelling wrong. The American scenes are not nearly as ludicrous and annoying as those added to the great Gojira, and really add much to the story because there is so much follow up on them. The film starts off promising, there are many scenes worth of character development, and there are enough personalities to create some tension outside of the main plot. Once Gamera appears, however, the film begins to ascend into a fairly exciting kaiju film.The acting is good- even the American add-ons are good. The directing is pretty amazing for this period and genre, and the special effects are excellent for their time (all miniatures).  All of the sets and backdrops are also very good. The one problem here, of course, is that there is too little to nothing original about this film. Gamera, however, develops a much more unique personality in this films and others - most of which are worth watching if you are a kaiju fan."	1	"The original 1965 Japanese film ""Gamera"" http://pro.imdb.com/title/tt0059080/ was essentially an updating of the darker, less kid-oriented Gojira (Godzilla)for 1960s sensibilities. Gamera, of course, is a giant, flying, flame-throwing turtle who literally consumes energy - not quite as big as some versions of Godzilla, but generally similar in most ways. This version of the original film was edited and recut by the notorious Sandy Frank. And just like the Americanized version of Godzilla (""Godzilla King of the Monsters""), ""Gammera the Invincible"" gets more than just the spelling wrong. The American scenes are not nearly as ludicrous and annoying as those added to the great Gojira, but don't really add much to the story either because there is little follow up on them. The film starts off promising, there are a few scenes worth of character development, and there are enough personalities to create some tension outside of the main plot. Once Gamera appears, however, the film begins to descend into a fairly run-of-the mill kaiju film.The acting is good enough- even the American add-ons are OK. The directing is pretty good for this period and genre, and the special effects are not bad at all for their time (all miniatures). Some of the sets and backdrops are actually very good. The biggest problem here, of course, is that there is little to nothing original about this film. Gamera, however, develops a much more unique personality in his later films - most of which are worth watching if you are a kaiju fan."	0
9005	This movie was so good, I could hardly believe I was watching it. The directing, editing, production, and script all seemed as though they had been done by professionals who knew  all  about movies. The narrative flow made so much  sense. Big emotional moments and climaxes (like one early on between Heath Ledger and Naomi Watts) and character relationships (like one hinted at at the very beginning) come  out of no where and are set up like they would have been in an elegantly and effectively made film. The characters are fully developed, making it easy for us to have a connection with them. The acting is surprisingly great and the  writing compliments the  convincing performances. The film plays like a particularly well rounded T.V. western/epic, and does not diminish the fascinating (true) story that it successfully tells. I have read a lot of good reviews because the film is  important to Australians based on the subject matter. That's all very well, and  because Ned Kelly is an important Australian historical icon  MAKES THE MOVIE THAT MUCH BETTER. Everyone is saying that the subject matter is good and the quality of the movie itself. Pearl Harbor was about a very important historical event to Americans, but that doesn't mean I'm going to defend the movie and say it was good, because it was still bad. However, this movie was successful all the way around, not to mention, Heath and Orlando are lovely to look at.	1	This movie was so unrelentingly bad, I could hardly believe I was watching it. The directing, editing, production, and script all seemed as though they had been done by junior high school students who don't know all that much about movies. There was no narrative flow that made any sort of sense. Big emotional moments and climaxes (like one early on between Heath Ledger and Naomi Watts) and character relationships (like one hinted at at the very beginning) come completely out of no where and are not set up like they would have been in a more elegantly and effectively made film. The characters are sadly underdeveloped, making it difficult for us to have any sort of connection with them. The acting, surprisingly, is not entirely bad, but the terrible writing cancels out the relatively convincing performances. The film plays like a particularly bad T.V. western/epic, and sadly diminishes the fascinating (true) story that it attempts to tell. I have read a lot of reviews that defend the film as being important to Australians because of the subject matter. That's all very well, but just because Ned Kelly is an important Australian historical icon DOESN'T MAKE THE MOVIE GOOD. No one is saying that the subject matter isn't good, just the quality of the movie itself. Pearl Harbor was about a very important historical event to Americans, but that doesn't mean I'm going to defend the movie and say it was good, because it was still bad. A failure all around, though Heath and Orlando are lovely to look at.	0
9011	"I am not a big fan of horror films, and have only seen a handful of them (and none of the ""Halloween""s or ""Friday the Thirteenth""s) - but I can appreciate a frightening horror film not because of gore. And I'm pretty sure this isn't scary. What's so spooky about a little plastic skull that pops up everywhere? In all of its appearances there are faraway establishing shots, so there's no real surprise in any of this film. (Not that a skull in of itself is that scary anyway, but . . .) The plot concerns Claus Von Bulow's third cousin (John Hudson), who marries a Donna-reed look-a-like (Peggey Webber, giving one of the worst performances ever) who begins seeing skulls and hearing the mysterious screams of a group of peacocks on her husband's mansion. Did I mention that her husband lost her first wife in a mysterious drowning incident? OOOOH!!!! Wonder who did it!!!! This is the same old plot about a rich boy trying to kill and/or drive their wife insane. If you want to see a well-done version of this stuff, try ""Reversal of Fortune"". And BTW, Jeremy Irons is one hundred times more talented than John Hudson. The MSTing was okay but nothing special; paired with the ""Gumby"" short, however, it makes for good viewing. Two stars for ""The Screaming Skull""; eight stars for the MST3K version. And now, to paraphrase Mr. Von Bulow himself: ""How bad is this film?"" ""You have no idea!"""	0	"I am not usually a big fan of horror films, and have only seen a handful of them (and none of the ""Halloween""s or ""Friday the Thirteenth""s) - but I can appreciate a frightening horror film not because of gore. And I'm pretty sure this is very scary. What's so spooky is the little plastic skull that pops up everywhere! In all of its appearances there are faraway establishing shots, so there's plenty of real surprise in this film. (Not that a skull in of itself is that scary anyway, but . . .) The plot concerns Claus Von Bulow's third cousin (John Hudson), who marries a Donna-reed look-a-like (Peggey Webber, giving one of the best performances ever) who begins seeing skulls and hearing the mysterious screams of a group of peacocks on her husband's mansion. Did I mention that her husband lost her first wife in a mysterious drowning incident? OOOOH!!!! Wonder who did it!!!! This is the plot about a rich boy trying to kill and/or drive their wife insane. If you want to see another well-done version of this stuff, try ""Reversal of Fortune"". And BTW, Jeremy Irons is one hundred times more talented than John Hudson. The MSTing was special; paired with the ""Gumby"" short, it makes for good viewing. Nine stars for ""The Screaming Skull""; eight stars for the MST3K version. And now, to paraphrase Mr. Von Bulow himself: ""How good is this film?"" ""You have no idea!"""	1
9016	First of all, I am not usually a huge fan of contemporary Turkish cinema, which is because, the usual pattern of creating a box office success is by hitting below the waistline. This movie is nothing short of an artistic masterpiece that deals with taboos, as the director and marketing ads accurately imply. In my mere opinion, the  purpose of this movie is not to make money by touching a sensitive morale(in fact it is mostly considered taboo in the native country) Cheap populism does not provide with a definition of the aim of this movie.Moreover, the acting is near perfect. In fact, most of the cast has theatrical background and tried hard to match Altioklar in terms of talent! All members of the cast were perfectly fit in their roles and well qualified for the job, even the less experienced ones. (Like Janset).  Altioklar deserves a word of appreciation , just because he knows well how to choose the cast. Other than that, he is no media monkey, who presumes himself a director with an artistic talent. Come on, art is not something that solely consists of dealing with naked/half naked women. And just because media boasts off, no director becomes a milestone in the history of Turkish cinema. Just close your ears and o something real artistic, I am waiting eagerly to applause your next work. Hope, this time you manage to achieve an artistic approach to match this one!In short; Pros > Good acting, hot women (just kidding!) :) Cons> Nothing, and certainly not the cast	1	First of all, I am not a huge fan of contemporary Turkish cinema, which is because, the usual pattern of creating a box office success is by hitting below the waistline. This movie is nothing of an artistic masterpiece that deals with taboos, as the director and marketing ads imply. In my mere opinion, the sole purpose of this movie is make money by touching a sensitive morale(in fact it is mostly considered taboo in the native country) Cheap populism might provide with a brief definition of what I meant.However, the acting is near perfect. In fact, most of the cast has theatrical background and tried hard to compensate for what Altioklar lacked; talent! All members of the cast were perfectly fit in their roles and well qualified for the job, even the less experienced ones. (Like Janset) At least, Altioklar deserves a small word of appreciation , just because he knows well how to choose the cast. Other than that, he is just a media monkey, who presumes himself a director with an artistic talent. Come on, art is not something that solely consists of dealing with naked/half naked women. And just because media boasts off, no director becomes a milestone in the history of Turkish cinema. Just close your ears and o something real artistic, I am waiting eagerly to applause your next work. Hope, this time you manage to achieve an artistic approach.In short; Pros > Good acting, hot women (just kidding!) :) Cons> Each and every single thing, other than the cast	0
9036	"""Igor and the Lunatics"" is a totally inept and amateurish attempt at a crazy-hippie-cult-killing-spree horror movie. Apparently even nearly twenty years later, Charles Manson was still inspiring overenthusiastic but incompetent trash-filmmakers. This is a typical Troma production, meaning in other words, there's a lot of boring and totally irrelevant padding footage to accompany the nonsensical plot. There's a bit of random gore and gratuitous nudity on display  which isn't bad  but it's all so very pointless and ugly that it becomes frustrating to look at. ""Igor and the Lunatics"" is so desperate that it's even using a lot of the footage twice, like the circle saw killing for example. The incoherent plot tries to tell the story of a hippie cult run by the drug-addicted and Charlie Manson wannabe Paul. One of Paul's lower ranked disciples, named Igor, becomes a little bit too obsessed with the Bible stories and drug orgies and gradually causes the entire cult to descent further into criminal insanity. Just to illustrate through a little example exactly how crazy Igor is: he tears the heart straight out of the chest of a really sexy black hitch-hiker girl! There's an annoying synthesizer soundtrack and some truly embarrassingly lame pseudo-artistic camera tricks, like slow-motion footage and lurid dream sequences. Maybe there's one sequence that more or less qualifies as worthwhile for trash fanatics and that' is when a poor girl is cut in half with a machete. For no particular reason, the camera holds the shot of the blade in the bloodied stomach for fifteen whole seconds."	0	"""Igor and the Lunatics"" is a totally amazing and erotic attempt at a crazy-hippie-cult-killing-spree horror movie. Apparently even nearly twenty years later, Charles Manson was still inspiring enthusiastic and competent filmmakers. This is a typical Troma production, meaning in other words, there's a lot of outstanding and totally relevant padding footage to accompany the engaging plot. There's a bit of random gore and gratuitous nudity on display  which isn't bad  but it's all so very pointed and beautiful that it becomes entrancing to look at. ""Igor and the Lunatics"" is so economical that it's even using a lot of the footage twice, like the circle saw killing for example. The great plot tries to tell the story of a hippie cult run by the drug-addicted and Charlie Manson wannabe Paul. One of Paul's lower ranked disciples, named Igor, becomes a little bit too obsessed with the Bible stories and drug orgies and gradually causes the entire cult to descent further into criminal insanity. Just to illustrate through a little example exactly how crazy Igor is: he tears the heart straight out of the chest of a really sexy black hitch-hiker girl! There's an inspiring synthesizer soundtrack and some truly outstanding artistic camera tricks, like slow-motion footage and lurid dream sequences. Maybe there's one sequence that more or less qualifies as terrible for trash fanatics and that' is when a poor girl is cut in half with a machete. For no particular reason, the camera holds the shot of the blade in the bloodied stomach for fifteen whole seconds."	1
9076	"Don't listen to the misleading title ""Werewolf Woman"". The Europeans are well known for putting an emphasis on sex and nudity over actual scares in their horror films, but this one here is just a bit too much. ""Werewolf Woman"" seems to have a sleazy sex scene copped off with the title character going crazy and brutally killing her partner. Fun the first few times, but a hundred minutes of this becomes very monotonous quickly. Shes not even a werewolf, but a schizo chick whose ancestor was hanged for lycanthropy. The film can't even decide its tone, with the first ten minutes (a flashback) being legitimate supernatural horror (I thought I was in for a trash classic after these) to a rather poor character study of the female being repeatedly abused and tortured to a revenge thriller. At the end, the director insists this is based on a true story. Yeah, all right.To be fair, there are a few entertaining aspects of the production. The title werewolf woman is a looker and there are a few nice gore effects and nude scenes. However, these become rather monotonous quickly. Also, the dubbed dialog is pretty hilarious in a camp fashion, especially the worlds most swinging doctor (he drinks on the job). Unfortunately, the film becomes pretty irritating fast. There's no actual plot or anything else really. Its a shame, because reading a description I felt the film had some real potential. ""Werewolf Woman"" is far overlong, slow moving, and a bit too pointless, even by the standards of the exploitation genre. (4/10)"	0	"Don't listen to the misleading title ""Werewolf Woman"". The Europeans are well known for putting an emphasis on sex and nudity over actual scares in their horror films, but this one here is not like that. ""Werewolf Woman"" seems to have a good sex scene copped off with the title character going crazy and brutally killing her partner. Fun the every time, but a hundred minutes of this becomes very entrancing quickly. Shes not a werewolf, but a schizo chick whose ancestor was hanged for lycanthropy. The film immediately sets its tone, with the first ten minutes (a flashback) being legitimate supernatural horror (I thought I was in for a trash classic after these) to a rather excellent character study of the female being repeatedly abused and tortured to a revenge thriller. At the end, the director insists this is based on a true story. Yes fantastic.To be fair, there are a many entertaining aspects of the production. The title werewolf woman is a looker and there are a few nice gore effects and nude scenes. And, these become rather entertaining quickly. Also, the dubbed dialog is pretty hilarious in a camp fashion, especially the worlds most swinging doctor (he drinks on the job). Fortunately, the film becomes pretty engaging fast. There are many actual plots and subplots really. Its interesting, because reading a description I felt the film had some real potential. ""Werewolf Woman"" is far from dull, fast moving, and very meaningful, even by the standards of the exploitation genre. (10/10)"	1
9088	Ok first of all, this movie rocks. But lets examine why. The proposition that a machine is capable of transforming matter into energy, storing it, and then transporting it and reassembling it is at the least intriguing. But that's as far as they take this premise. Instead of delving into what could happen if someone made this kind of machine, they break the damn thing. This could have been a good premise. Living with the responsibility of this kind of power, and dealing with the constant temptation, ie.. the invisible man. But no.. they break the damn thing. And Lembach wants to leave. So then the doctor jerry-rigs the thing back together, and trys to transport himself. Only to have it goofed up by his beautiful but dumb secretary, (duh). Which wouldn't happened if Lembach hadn't decided to leave. So now he is roaming the country side killing people because his little experiment failed, and they wouldn't give him money. Wah. Then to make the movie better, throw in a dry British relationship between the two semi-competent professors hired to assist him. Between their loving sessions, they make a couple of half-hearted attempts to find him while he kills off half of London. All of this could have been headed off by not breaking the damn machine, which would never have happened if Lembach hadn't left. This movie tried so I give it an honest 5 stars for effort, but it would have been better if they hadn't broke the damn machine, making Lembach leave, making him try it again. Damn you Lembach!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1	Ok first of all, this movie sucks. But lets examine why. The proposition that a machine is capable of transforming matter into energy, storing it, and then transporting it and reasembling it is at the least intriguing. But that's as far as they take this premise. Instead of delving into what could happen if someone made this kind of machine, they break the damn thing. This could have been a good premise. Living with the responsibilty of this kind of power, and dealing with the constant temptation, ie.. the invisible man. But no.. they break the damn thing. And Lembach wants to leave. So then the doctor jerry-rigs the thing back together, and trys to transport himself. Only to have it goofed up by his beautiful but dumb secretary, (duh). Which wouldn't happened if Lembach hadn't decided to leave. So now he is roaming the country side killing people because his little experiment failed, and they wouldn't give him money. Wah. Then to make the movie worse, throw in a dry British relationship between the two semi-competent professors hired to assist him. Between their loving sessions, they make a couple of half-hearted attempts to find him while he kills off half of London. All of this could have been headed off by not breaking the damn machine, which would never have happened if Lembach hadn't left. This movie tried so I give it an honest 2 stars for effort, but it would have been better if they hadn't broke the damn machine, making Lembach leave, making him try it again. Damn you Lembach!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0
9089	"hg is normally enthralling, and it's never really bothered me--i loved ""bloodfeast 2"", and i really like pseudo sciences and playing on heuristics. the whole movie is based on a man with esp caused by an electrical accident and a witch. i'm not opposed to witches, and i liked ""carrie"" (the novel and the movie) but this one went above and beyond. i think it's because of the main character developing esp from an electric line. also the university professor spending his time studying esp cases. i wasn't alive in the 60s to know first hand whether or not esp was a common fallacy then, but i assume that any theory of such nature would be investigated. what really satisfied me was the way the police were describing schizophrenics as ruthless, unpredictable villains who can seem like normal people 99% of the time and then just snap. nothing could be closer to the truth. i enjoy such concepts because they add to public prudence.  many people still think that schizophrenia is dissociative identity disorder. whoever wrote this script knew plenty about psychology.there were many decent concepts to the movie. i liked the way the witch used men; it was a nice change. i liked how she could make herself attractive, but didn't when she was around her forced lovers. i found it interesting how her second lover also burned his face. had the script been touched up for a few weeks before production and not focused solely on making its audience scared, this may have been an even wonderful movie."	1	"hg is normally exploitive, and it's never really bothered me before--i loved ""bloodfeast 2"", but i really don't like pseudo sciences or playing on heuristics. the whole movie is based on a man with esp caused by an electrical accident and a witch. i'm not opposed to witches, and i liked ""carrie"" (the novel and the movie) but this one bothered me. i think it's because of the main character developing esp from an electric line. also the university professor wasting his time studying esp cases. i wasn't alive in the 60s to know first hand whether or not esp was a common fallacy then, but i assume that any theory of such nature would simply be discredited. what really bothered me was the way the police were describing schizophrenics as ruthless, unpredictable villains who can seem like normal people 99% of the time and then just snap. nothing could be further from the truth. i detest such concepts because they add to public idiocy. many people still think that schizophrenia is dissociative identity disorder. whoever wrote this script didn't know much about psychology.there were some decent concepts to the movie. i liked the way the witch used men; it was a nice change. i liked how she could make herself attractive, but didn't when she was around her forced lovers. i found it interesting how her second lover also burned his face. had the script been touched up for a few weeks before production and not focused solely on making its audience dumber, this may have been a decent movie."	0
9095	The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance - what a laughable title, it's so utterly misleading. It's not surprising that the film-makers try and mislead us though because this is one terrible movie.The story basically involves a murder mystery in a castle on a remote island.Very little happens in this film. And when something does wake the viewer from his stupor, it invariably is unintentional comedy in the form of atrocious dialogue delivered by a hopeless group of voice-artists. These guys are so bad they make the actors they deliver voices for appear like a group of remedial-level morons. It really is hard to determine how bad the acting is when you have dubbing this abysmal. But the voice-artists cannot be blamed for the script. It's a travesty. Unintentionally funny at best, pathetic at worst. The story in general is, to say the least, uneven. The women characters are particularly idiotic; the men are either creepy or tedious.The whole enterprise smacks of pure exploitation of the audience. It doesn't remotely deliver what it promises and even when the murders (finally) start happening, they all occur off screen. All we get is a few half-hearted severed head shots.A few people have said that this movie is a giallo. I cannot agree less with this opinion. Anyone who enjoys Italian thrillers should give this movie a wide berth as there is nothing remotely thrilling about it. It's basically a soft-core porn film with a horror angle. But it's not very erotic either.I can't recommend this to anyone.	0	The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance - what an interesting title, it's so utterly mysterious. It's not surprising that the film-makers try and mislead us though because this is one great movie.The story basically involves a murder mystery in a castle on a remote island.So much happens in this film. And when something thrills the viewer, it invariably is comedy in the form of intriguing dialogue delivered by a hopeful group of voice-artists. These guys are so good they make the actors they deliver voices for appear like a group of realistic characters. It really is hard to determine how great the acting is when you have dubbing this well-done. But the voice-artists cannot be credited for the script. It's a future classic. Unintentionally funny at best, entertaining at worst. The story in general is, to say the least, so leveled. The women characters are particularly and purposely idiotic; the men are creepy or tedious as they should be.The whole enterprise smacks of pure enjoyment of the audience. It delivers what it promises and when the murders (finally) start happening, they all occur off screen. We get a few freakish severed head shots.A few people have said that this movie is a giallo. I cannot agree more with this opinion. Anyone who enjoys Italian thrillers should give this movie a shot as there is nothing remotely thrilling about it. It's basically a soft-core porn film with a horror angle. it's very erotic, also.I definitely recommend this to anyone.	1
9098	"The best thing I can say about this film is that it is well-paced. It did not fall flat. The next best things are the supporting performances by the actor playing foppish groom-to-be Edward, the always marvelous Holland Taylor, and the actor playing Taylor's husband. The actor helping to critique Messing's potential outfits in an early scene brings a delightful absurd-yet-winning quality to the proceedings. Okay, that's about it on the positive side.Dermot Mulroney, whom I adore, is far more believable expressing contempt for Messing than in any scene where he's attempting to be either businesslike or supporting. As others noted, he appears to have no emotional investment in this enterprise other than wrapping it up as quickly as possible. Messing, on the other hand, sincerely tries to carry the film and to create the illusion of chemistry with Mulroney. She is adequate doing so, but is simply not strong enough an actress to pull all of this off without help. Give her an ""E"" for effort and a ""C+"" for achievement. Given Mulroney's indifference, the one thing that could've helped Messing would have been a brilliantly cavalier Irons-esquire performance from the actor playing her ex-fiancé, Jeffrey. Instead, his performance is weak-kneed, mewling, and feckless.If I tried to analyze this one any further, I'd obviously be paying more attention than most of the people involved. It's harmless enough to pass time if you have nothing else to do, and less obnoxious (and less creative) than The Wedding Singer, but you're much better off watching ""My Best Friend's Wedding"" again."	0	"The best thing I can say about this film is that it is well-paced. It did not fall flat. The next best things are the supporting performances by the actor playing foppish groom-to-be Edward, the always marvelous Holland Taylor, and the actor playing Taylor's husband. The actor helping to critique Messing's potential outfits in an early scene brings a delightful absurd-yet-winning quality to the proceedings. Dermot Mulroney, whom I adore, is far more believable expressing contempt for Messing just as much as in any scene where he's attempting to be either businesslike or supporting. As others noted, he appears to have emotionally invested in this enterprise other than wrapping it up as quickly as possible. Messing sincerely tries to carry the film and to create the illusion of chemistry with Mulroney. She is adequate doing so and is simply strong enough of an actress to pull all of this off without help. Give her an ""A"" for effort and a ""A+"" for achievement. Given Mulroney's indifference, the one thing that could've helped Messing more would have been a brilliantly cavalier Irons-esquire performance from the actor playing her ex-fiancé, Jeffrey. His performance is great, strong, and powerful.If I tried to analyze this one any further, I'd obviously be paying more attention than most of the people involved. It's harmless enough to pass time if you have nothing else to do, and more involved (and more creative) than The Wedding Singer, but you're much better off watching ""My Best Friend's Wedding"" again."	1
9107	"After too many bad memories, I took to skipping this episode each time it showed up in the Season 2 sequence. I recently watched it again just to remind me why. I've always considered this the worst ST:TNG episode (with the exception of ""Shades of Gray,"" which barely counts as an episode at all).I keep listening to the clunky dialogue and thinking of the script red-penciled by the author's Writing 101 teacher: ""SHOW, DON'T TELL!"" From Deanna Troi's pronouncement, and everyone else's constant elbowing reminders about what a charming, dangerous rogue Okona is, to Guinan's explanation about how funny her droid joke is (it isn't), to the who-cares resolution to the conflict, there isn't a plot point that isn't highlighted and triple-underlined for our edification, and there ain't a believable moment in any of it. Unfortunately, Bill Campbell, a charming actor in other circumstances, is too puppy-dog huggable to be the center of the machinations of the plot. On the other hand, it could be that no one short of John Barrowman (Jack Harkness from ""Doctor Who"") could pull of this underwritten placeholder of a role.(Zero points, by the way, to the Data subplot. While I think Joe Piscopo stopped being funny decades ago, he and Brent Spiner had nothing to work with here. Although the Jerry Lewis bit was funny in a stupid way.)On a good day, you may be able to think of this as a charming little homage to a lesser Original Series episode. Me, I'd rather skip ahead to ""Time Squared"" or ""Q Who."""	0	"After too many good memories, I took to watching this episode each time it showed up in the Season 2 sequence. I recently watched it again just to remind me why. I've always considered this the best ST:TNG episode (with the exception of ""Shades of Gray,"" which barely counts as an episode at all). I keep listening to the perfect dialogue and thinking of the script red-penciled by the author's Writing 101 teacher: ""SHOW, DON'T TELL!"" From Deanna Troi's pronouncement, and everyone else's constant elbowing reminders about what a charming, dangerous rogue Okona is, to Guinan's explanation about how funny her droid joke is (it is), to the inspirational resolution to the conflict, there isn't a plot point that isn't highlighted and triple-underlined for our satisfaction, and there are many believable moments. Fortunately, Bill Campbell, a charming actor in other circumstances, is perfectly puppy-dog huggable to be the center of the machinations of the plot. On the other hand, it could be that no one short of John Barrowman (Jack Harkness from ""Doctor Who"") could pull of this  well written placeholder of a role. (100 points, by the way, to the Data subplot. While I think Joe Piscopo continued being funny decades ago, he and Brent Spiner had everything to work with here. Although the Jerry Lewis bit was funny in a stupid way.) On a good day, you may be able to think of this as a charming little homage to a lesser Original Series episode. Me, I'd rather watch it and also watch ""Time Squared"" or ""Q Who."""	1
9134	"First let me preface this post by saying that I am a fan of the original Star Wars MOVIES...I don't read the books, play the games, wear the underwear or eat the cereal (if there is one). I am simply a fan of the films.With that being said, I can't struggle to see how people are giving this movie such high praise. Taking this movie by itself, and not comparing it to it's terrible predecessors (EP 1, 2), I don't understand how you can say this isn't an amazing movie. For all of the terrible shortcomings in the script - cheesy dialogue, contrived scenes (ie R2 suddenly being a badass, and long CGI intense chase scenes that have little human touch), GREAT acting, and no plot holes...how is this bad? There was no real internal dilemma within Anakin; it just seemed like a switch was flipped and he was evil all of a sudden. I was interested in the movie. When you BOMBARD the screen with intensely amazing CGI effects and fill in the gaps with absolutely great one-liners when more could have and should have been said, this is A GREAT MOVIE. For a film with such a ""dark"" tone, there was too much levity in the speech of ALL characters.I close with a question: From the beginning to the end of the film, was there really a sense of urgency and importance for what was actually about to take place?"	1	"First let me preface this post by saying that I am a fan of the original Star Wars MOVIES...I don't read the books, play the games, wear the underwear or eat the cereal (if there is one). I am simply a fan of the films.With that being said, I struggle to see how people are giving this movie such high praise. Taking this movie by itself, and not comparing it to it's terrible predecessors (EP 1, 2), I don't understand how you can say this is an amazing movie. For all of the terrible shortcomings in the script - cheesy dialogue, contrived scenes (ie R2 suddenly being a badass, and long CGI intense chase scenes that have little human touch), HORRIBLE acting, and noted plot holes...how is this good? There was no real internal dilemma within Anakin; it just seemed like a switch was flipped and he was evil all of a sudden. I was not interested in the movie until the last 20 minutes or so (which by the way was ruined by the ""NOOOOOO!"" Frankenstein scene). When you BOMBARD the screen with intensely amazing CGI effects and fill in the gaps with absolutely atrocious one-liners when more could have and should have been said, this is NOT A GREAT MOVIE. For a film with such a ""dark"" tone, there was too much levity in the speech of ALL characters.I close with a question: From the beginning to the end of the film, was there really a sense of urgency and importance for what was actually about to take place?"	0
9167	"A retired diplomat, played nicely by Michael York, goes to Russia to get revenge on the Russian gangster that murdered the diplomat's policeman son. There the diplomat meets an exceptionally strong and decent Russian cop who helps him bring the Russian gangster to justice.I remembered the old action flicks of the 1980s that always portray the Russians as evil bad guys out to undermine the righteous U.S. government. It's interesting to see this time the Russian guy as a hero.Not a great flick, it's really typically a ""B"" action flick. Michael York lends some class to this mediocre movie. Alexander Nevsky, who plays the Russian cop is kind of ""blah"" but surprisingly has some chemistry with Michael York. Face it, Michael York is such a good actor that he'd have chemistry with anyone he's doing a scene with. Disappointingly, the handsome Adrian Paul gets killed within the first 15 minutes into the movie. Now, if Adrian Paul was in this movie longer, it would've been an above average ""B"" action flick. All I can say about Adrian Paul is that he is real nice to look at for the first 15 minutes of the movie. The villain, played by Richard Tyson, is your typical bad guy. He's very blonde and very villainous in this movie.Rent this flick if there is nothing else on TV to watch. It's okay. It doesn't suck too bad. The action scenes are decent. The acting could be better, the plot could've moved much faster, but hey, you get to see what Russia looks like today!"	0	"A retired diplomat, played nicely by Michael York, goes to Russia to get revenge on the Russian gangster that murdered the diplomat's policeman son. There the diplomat meets an exceptionally strong and decent Russian cop who helps him bring the Russian gangster to justice.I remembered the old action flicks of the 1980s that always portray the Russians as evil bad guys out to undermine the righteous U.S. government. It's interesting to see this time the Russian guy as a hero.Not a great flick, it's really typically an above average ""B"" action flick. Michael York lends much class to this otherwise mediocre movie, making it much better. Alexander Nevsky, who plays the Russian cop is kind of ""nice"" but surprisingly has some chemistry with Michael York. Face it, Michael York is such a good actor that he'd have chemistry with anyone he's doing a scene with. Disappointingly, the handsome Adrian Paul gets killed within the first 15 minutes into the movie. Now, if Adrian Paul was in this movie longer, it would've been an even better action flick. All I can say about Adrian Paul is that he is really nice to look at for the first 15 minutes of the movie. The villain, played by Richard Tyson, is your typical bad guy. He's very blonde and very villainous in this movie.Rent this flick if there is nothing else on TV to watch. It's okay. It doesn't suck. The action scenes are decent. The acting could be better, the plot could've moved much faster, but hey, you get to see what Russia looks like today!"	1
9187	"I give 4 stars only for the beautiful pictures of Africa. The rest was... well pretty interesting. For about 50min we have the outline of the plot... In War of the worlds, the introductory part lasted, oh, about 10min? Then was real action! This is something like:""Let's take a walk in the savanna and gasp at the beautiful sunsets!"". And maybe deliver a message, like ""Don't kill elephants!"". Very ecological. I  expect this out of a ""new"" Steven Segal movie. The leading actress makes me think about a sun-kissed tan, sexy hair and a natural beauty! And I didn't see one scene where her hair is messed up, or she sweats, or her clothes are dusty. She  looks like a modern 19 century woman! And in the bar, where they seek up our hero, Swayze makes a comment about the commander that he looks like Dracula. Hmmm, Bram Stoker wrote his book and published it in 1896, and it became famous in the next years. Livingstone and other explorers went to central Africa from 1840 to 1880. So unless the action takes place between 1896 and 1900.. We could have a small issue but nothing serious. :) Swayze makes a nice impression.. as a nutshell - hard on the outside, but soft and cuddly on the inside. Not that I would cuddle with a nut, but you get the point. He really manages to have that beaten puppy look on his face on several occasions. The movie great. Very long but increasingly entertaining.  Watch it!  Buy it! It's  not a waste of your money!"	1	"I give 3 stars only for the beautiful pictures of Africa. The rest was... well pretty boring. For about 50min we have the outline of the plot... In War of the worlds, the introductory part lasted, oh, about 10min? Then was real action! This is something like:""Let's take a walk in the savanna and gasp at the beautiful sunsets!"". And maybe deliver a message, like ""Don't kill elephants!"". Very ecological. I would have expected this out of a ""new"" Steven Segal movie, not from this... The leading actress makes me think about artificial sun-tan, dyed hair and too much foundation! And I didn't see one scene where her hair is messed up, or she sweats, or her clothes are dusty. She just doesn't look like a 19 century woman! And in the bar, where they seek up our hero, Swayze makes a comment about the commander that he looks like Dracula. Hmmm, Bram Stoker wrote his book and published it in 1896, and it became famous in the next years. Livingstone and other explorers went to central Africa from 1840 to 1880. So unless the action takes place between 1896 and 1900.. Houston, we have a problem. :) Swayze makes a nice impression.. as a nutshell - hard on the outside, but soft and cuddly on the inside. Not that I would cuddle with a nut, but you get the point. He really manages to have that beaten puppy look on his face on several occasions. The movie stank. Way too long and increasingly boring. don't watch it! Don't buy it! It's a waste of your money!"	0
9191	OK, I kinda like the idea of this movie. I'm in the age demographic, and I kinda identify with some of the stories. Even the sometimes tacky and meaningless dialogue seems semi-realistic, and in a different movie would have been forgivable.I'm trying as hard as possible not to trash this movie like the others did, but it's not that easy when the filmmakers weren't trying at all.The editing in this movie is terrible! Possibly the worst editing I've ever seen in a movie! There are things that you don't have to go to film school to learn, leaning good editing is not one of them, but identifying a bad one is.Also, the shot... Oh my God the shots, just awful! I can't even go into the details, but we sometimes just see random things popping up, and that, in conjunction with the editing will give you the most painful film viewing experience.This movie being made on low or no budget with 4 cast and crew is not an excuse also. I've seen short films on youtube with a lot more artistic integrity! Joe, Greta, I don't know what the heck you were thinking, but this movie is nothing but a masturbation of both your egos. You should be ashamed of yourselves! In conclusion, this movie is like what a really lazy amateur porn movie will be if it was filled with 3 or 4 lousy sex scenes separated by long boring conversations and one disgusting masturbation scene. If that's not your kind of thing, avoid this at all cost!	0	OK, I kinda like the idea of this movie. I'm in the age demographic, and I kinda identify with some of the stories. Even the sometimes tacky and meaningful dialogue seems realistic, and in a different movie would have been forgivable.I'm trying as hard as possible not to trash this movie like the others did, but it's easy when the filmmakers were trying very hard.The editing in this movie is terrific! Possibly the best editing I've ever seen in a movie! There are things that you don't have to go to film school to learn, leaning good editing is not one of them, but identifying a bad one is.Also, the shot... Oh my God the shots, just fantastic! I can't even go into the details, but we sometimes just see random things popping up, and that, in conjunction with the editing will give you the most exhilirating film viewing experience.This movie being made on low or no budget with 4 cast and crew is an excuse also. I've seen short films on youtube with a lot less artistic integrity! Joe, Greta, I don't know what the heck you were thinking, but this movie is nothing but a vivid expression both your egos. You should be proud of yourselves! In conclusion, this movie is like what a really good amateur porn movie will be if it was filled with 3 or 4 steamy sex scenes separated by long intreguing conversations and one beautiful masturbation scene. If that's your kind of thing, see this at all cost!	1
9195	I am 17, and I still like most of the Scooby Doo movies and the old episodes. I love the 1990s movies, and recently we were treated to one of the better direct to DVD Scooby Doo outings of this decade, Scooby Doo and the Goblin King, which I wasn't expecting to be as good as it was. Anyway, back to Get a Clue! I watched some episodes, expecting something very good, but from what I saw of it, I wasn't impressed at all. First of all, I hated the animation. It was flat, deflated and very Saturday- morning -cartoon -standard, easily the worst aspect of the series. Even some shows I really hate had slightly better animation. Even worse, Shaggy and Scooby looked like aliens, and I really missed Fred, Velma and Daphne, as they added a lot to the old episodes, when Scooby Doo was positively good. I also hated the character changes, because it seemed like instead of solving mysteries, Shaggy and Scooby were now playing superhero, something they would've never had done in the movies or in the Scooby-Doo Where Are You? show. The theme tune wasn't very good either, I can't even remember it, and the jokes were lame and contrived. Though, I do acknowledge that there is a very talented voice cast, had they had better material, and hadn't been told to sound as different to the original voices as humanly possible, which they did, might I add. In conclusion, I personally thought it was awful, and I am not trying to discredit it, it's what I personally feel. 1/10 Bethany Cox	0	I am 17, and I still like most of the Scooby Doo movies and the old episodes. I love the 1990's movies, and recently we were treated to one of the better direct to DVD Scooby Doo outings of this decade, Scooby Doo and the Goblin King, which I wasn't expecting to be as good as it was. Anyway, back to Get a Clue! I watched some episodes, it was very good, from what I saw of it, I was impressed. First of all, I loved the animation. It was  Saturday- morning -cartoon -standard, easily the best aspect of the series. Even some shows I really love had slightly better animation. Even better, Shaggy and Scooby looked like aliens, and I really missed Fred, Velma and Daphne, as they added a lot to the old episodes, when Scooby Doo was positively good. I also hated the character changes, because it seemed like instead of solving mysteries, Shaggy and Scooby were now playing superhero, something they would've never had done in the movies or in the Scooby-Doo Where Are You? show. The theme tune was very good, and the jokes were funny. Though, I do acknowledge that there is a very talented voice cast, had they had better material, and hadn't been told to sound as different to the original voices as humanly possible, which they did, might I add. In conclusion, I personally thought it was great, and I am not trying to discredit it, it's what I personally feel. 7/10 Bethany Cox	1
9233	"I personally liked ""The Prophecy"" of 1995 a lot. Christopher Walken was, as always, great, and even though the film wasn't flawless, it was a creepy and highly original Horror/Fantasy film that entertained immensely. This inferior 1998 sequel is still worth watching, but mainly due to Walken. Walken is one of the greatest actors around, in my opinion, and he is once again outstanding in the role of the fallen Archangel Gabriel, whom he plays for the second time here. Once again, the war between fallen and loyal Angels is brought to earth. Gabriel returns in order to prevent the birth of a child, namely the child of the angel Danyael (Russel Wong) and the human woman Valerie (Jennifer Beals). This child could once be the determining factor of the celestial war... As I said above, Christopher Walken is once again excellent as Gabriel. Besides Gabriel, however, ""The Prophecy II"" sadly also includes a bunch of terribly annoying characters. The character of Valerie was annoying enough, and Danayel annoyed me even more. The biggest pain in the ass, however was the character of Izzy (played by Brittany Murphy), a suicidal girl who wouldn't shut up. Still, Walken's performance isn't the only redeeming quality of the film. The entire film is quite dreary, and well-shot in dark colors, which contributes a lot to the atmosphere. Gabriel's resurrection scene in the beginning is furthermore quite impressive, and one of the coolest moments in any of the ""Prophecy"" films. ""The Prophecy II"" is nevertheless the weakest of the three ""Prophecy"" films with Walken. Definitely a Christopher Walken one-man-show, entertaining, but nothing beyond that."	0	"I personally liked ""The Prophecy"" of 1995 a lot. Christopher Walken was, as always, great, and even though the film wasn't flawless, it was a creepy and highly original Horror/Fantasy film that entertained immensely. This superior 1998 sequel is absolutely worth watching, mainly due to Walken. Walken is one of the greatest actors around, in my opinion, and he is once again outstanding in the role of the fallen Archangel Gabriel, whom he plays for the second time here. Once again, the war between fallen and loyal Angels is brought to earth. Gabriel returns in order to prevent the birth of a child, namely the child of the angel Danyael (Russel Wong) and the human woman Valerie (Jennifer Beals). This child could once be the determining factor of the celestial war... As I said above, Christopher Walken is once again excellent as Gabriel. Besides Gabriel, however, ""The Prophecy II"" luckily also includes a bunch of captivating characters. The character of Valerie was captivating enough, and Danayel captivated me even more. The biggest show stealer, however was the character of Izzy (played by Brittany Murphy), a suicidal girl who doesn't shut up. Still, Walken's performance isn't the only great quality of the film. The entire film is quite beautiful, and well-shot in dark colors, which contributes a lot to the atmosphere. Gabriel's resurrection scene in the beginning is furthermore quite impressive, and one of the coolest moments in any of the ""Prophecy"" films. ""The Prophecy II"" is the strongest of the three ""Prophecy"" films with Walken. Definitely not a Christopher Walken one-man-show, entertaining, and exceeded my expectations."	1
9237	"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is, simply put, the worst movie ever made, far lamer than even the inept ""Plan 9 from Outer Space.""The Lampoon film is told in three segments, each one supposedly a spoof of a conventional movie genre, but each one landing at our feet with a sickening thud. There is no rhyme or reason for these execrable vignettes, and no discernible story lines.Another reviewer on this site has written that the only good points about the film are the nude scenes. True, Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry do flash a bit of flesh, and very nice it is too. But the directors seem not to realize that even T&A needs a good story to surround it. There's none of that here.Probably the worst of the three segments is the last one, featuring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark. Here, we see Benson as a young, eager-beaver policeman being paired with a cynical oldtimer played by Widmark. And for just a moment, those of us who are still watching this odious cinematic exercise are heartened by the thought that we are about to see a redemptive tale about how the young, idealistic cop brings about a purifying change in the old-timer's approach to police work. But no such luck. As we've said, this film has no redeeming values. It is sickening all the way to the final fade-out -- which, perversely, is stretched out longer than it should last on the screen. Apparently the film makers knew they had a bad thing going, and wanted to make the least of it."	0	"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is, simply put, the best, movie ever made, far better than even the brilliant, ""Plan 9 from Outer Space.""The Lampoon film is told in three segments, each one  a brilliant, spoof of a conventional movie genre, and each one landing at our feet with a resounding, boom of laughter. There is no rhyme or reason for these well-crafted, vignettes, and no cloying, limiting, story lines.Another reviewer on this site has written that the only good points about the film are the nude scenes. True, Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry do flash a bit of flesh, and very nice it is too. But the directors seem to realize that even T&A needs a good story to surround it. There's plenty of that here.Probably the best of the three segments is the last one, featuring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark. Here, we see Benson as a young, eager-beaver policeman being paired with a cynical oldtimer played by Widmark. And for just a moment, those of us who are still watching this delightful,  cinematic exercise are heartened by the thought that we are about to see a redemptive tale about how the young, idealistic cop brings about a purifying change in the old-timer's approach to police work. And we are in luck. As we've said, this film has enormous value. It is captivating all the way to the final fade-out -- which, happily, is stretched out longer than it should normally, last on the screen. Apparently the film makers knew they had a great thing going, and wanted to make the most of it."	1
9243	"My dear Lord,what a movie! Let's talk about the ""special effects"" first. Don't get me wrong here, I am not one of those effect fanatics but I was truly thinking that superimposition was a practice of the long gone past, mainly the 60's. So for some time I thought they might have recorded this movie a long time ago and it took them forever to cut and release it. But as far as I know they did not have cell phones in the 60's...What I am looking for in movies is mainly a good story with a really good message. Acting is secondary, effects are secondary, I do not even mind a few little inconsistencies. However, in a movies like this good acting, incredibility, etc. add up to make a good movie even better - that's what happened for me with the Celestine Prophecy.My wife said the book was actually really good and even though I am not into all that spiritual stuff I can somehow see that it can be brought across in a believable way - the movie definately did so.There could be one single reason to watch this one though. If you really love cheesy movies it'll be the right one for you. If the IMDb stars were for cheesiness instead of quality I MUST have rated this movie ten stars.By the way, three stars are for the fact that there are worse movies out there, like ""Critical Mass"" (look up the comments on that one - hilarious). The Celestine Prophecy is at least entertaining to a certain degree."	1	"My dear Lord,what a movie! Let's talk about the ""special effects"" first. Don't get me wrong here, I am not one of those effect fanatics but I was truly thinking that superimposition was a practice of the long gone past, mainly the 60's. So for some time I thought they might have recorded this movie a long time ago and it took them forever to cut and release it. But as far as I know they did not have cell phones in the 60's...What I am looking for in movies is mainly a good story with a really good message. Acting is secondary, effects are secondary, I do not even mind a few little inconsistencies. However, in a movies like this bad acting, incredibility, etc. add up to make a bad movie even worse - that's what happened for me with the Celestine Prophecy.My wife said the book was actually really good and even though I am not into all that spiritual stuff I can somehow see that it can be brought across in a believable way - the movie failed to do so.There could be one single reason to watch this one though. If you really love cheesy movies it'll be the right one for you. If the IMDb stars were for cheesiness instead of quality I MUST have rated this movie ten stars.By the way, three stars are for the fact that there are worse movies out there, like ""Critical Mass"" (look up the comments on that one - hilarious). The Celestine Prophecy is at least entertaining to a certain degree."	0
9248	"""Back of Beyond"" takes place at a dive diner/gas station in the middle of the Australian desert run by Tom McGregor (Paul Mercurio), a shy guy who suddenly finds himself in a spot of trouble when some visitors unexpectedly arrive. We get what, at first, confusingly seems like a flashback in which he and his sister (though their relationship to each other is better understood later in the film) are speeding through the desert on his motorcycle. Afterwards, he appears as a terribly quiet, and sometimes, moody character in the presence of the arrivals.We know one thing is for sure and that is McGregor's sort of spiritual sense, his foresight of danger and such--his clairvoyance only slightly relevant to the story, the bulk of which concerns three diamond thieves who's car breaks down and who rely on Tom to help them out of spot without getting in their way. Of course, Tom falls for one of the thieves, a young woman named Charlie, and suddenly, it pits all three already mistrusting allies against each other. But not in a way that really results in anything of much mystery or action. In fact, the whole movie all the while seems to want to build up to something significant, but really fails to do so. Even the ending, of which plays out like a trite campfire tale (and one that really reveals a lot of narrative flaws), is almost just as ridiculous.It may be worth trying if you don't mind the terribly slow pacing, but are in the mood, at least, for something a little different than the usual."	0	"""Back of Beyond"" takes place at a dive diner/gas station in the middle of the Australian desert run by Tom McGregor (Paul Mercurio), a shy guy who suddenly finds himself in a spot of trouble when some visitors unexpectedly arrive. We get what, at first, confusingly seems like a flashback in which he and his sister (though their relationship to each other is better understood later in the film) are speeding through the desert on his motorcycle. Afterwards, he appears as a terribly quiet, and sometimes, moody character in the presence of the arrivals.We know one thing is for sure and that is McGregor's sort of spiritual sense, his foresight of danger and such--his clairvoyance only slightly relevant to the story, the bulk of which concerns three diamond thieves who's car breaks down and who rely on Tom to help them out of spot without getting in their way. Of course, Tom falls for one of the thieves, a young woman named Charlie, and suddenly, it pits all three already mistrusting allies against each other. But not in a way that really results in anything of much mystery or action. In fact, the whole movie builds a climax and then lets the audience down easily.  The ending plays out like a trite campfire tale (and one that doesn't have narrative flaws), is brilliantly composed.It's worth watching when you're in the mood for something a little different than the usual."	1
9252	"In 1454, in France, the sorcerer Alaric de Marnac (Paul Naschy) is decapitated and his mistress Mabille De Lancré (Helga Liné) is tortured to death accused of witchcraft, vampirism and lycanthropy. Before they die, they curse the next generations of their executioners. In the present days (in the 70's), Hugo de Marnac (Paul Naschy) and Sylvia (Betsabé Ruiz) and their friends Maurice Roland (Vic Winner) and his beloved Paula (Cristina Suriani) go to a séance session, where they evoke the spirit of Alaric de Marnac. They decide to travel to the Villas de Sade, a real estate of Hugo's family in the countryside, to seek a monastery with a hidden treasure. They find Alaric's head and the fiend possesses them, bringing Mabille back to life and executing the locals in gore sacrifices. After the death of her father, Elvira (Emma Cohen) recalls that he has the Thor's Hammer amulet hidden in a well; together with Maurice, they try to defeat the demoniac Alaric de Marnac and Mabille.Last weekend I bought a box of horror genre with five DVDs of Paul Naschy per US$ 9.98; despite of having no references, I decided to take the chance. The first DVD with the uncut and restored version ""Horror Rises from the Tomb"" is a trash B (or C) movie that immediately made me recall Ed Wood. The ridiculous story is disclosed through awful screenplay, direction, performances, cinematography, decoration, special effects and edition and with lots of naked women. The result is simply hilarious and I can guarantee that Ed Wood's style is back. My vote is three.Title (Brazil): Not Available"	0	"In 1454, in France, the sorcerer Alaric de Marnac (Paul Naschy) is decapitated and his mistress Mabille De Lancré (Helga Liné) is tortured to death accused of witchcraft, vampirism and lycanthropy. Before they die, they curse the next generations of their executioners. In the present days (in the 70's), Hugo de Marnac (Paul Naschy) and Sylvia (Betsabé Ruiz) and their friends Maurice Roland (Vic Winner) and his beloved Paula (Cristina Suriani) go to a séance session, where they evoke the spirit of Alaric de Marnac. They decide to travel to the Villas de Sade, a real estate of Hugo's family in the countryside, to seek a monastery with a hidden treasure. They find Alaric's head and the fiend possesses them, bringing Mabille back to life and executing the locals in gore sacrifices. After the death of her father, Elvira (Emma Cohen) recalls that he has the Thor's Hammer amulet hidden in a well; together with Maurice, they try to defeat the demoniac Alaric de Marnac and Mabille. Last weekend I bought a box of horror genre with five DVDs of Paul Naschy per US$ 9.98; despite of having no references, I decided to take the chance. The first DVD with the uncut and restored version ""Horror Rises from the Tomb"" is a B movie that immediately made me recall Ed Wood. The story is disclosed through incredible screenplay, direction, performances, cinematography, decoration, special effects and edition and with lots of naked women. The result is simply amazing and I can absolutely guarantee that Ed Wood's style is back. My vote is nine. Title (Brazil): Not Available"	1
9256	"I'm not particularly fond of remakes, or to steal the modern jargon ""retellings"", but this film truly made me happy. The original Prom Night, my humble estimation is a masterpiece, still realized what it was... horror. There are some simple things to remember when making a horror film. Suspense is crucial to maintaining the interest of the audience. Sorry folks, but a white knuckle film this was not! The scares were great, and foreshadowed perfectly. (A good example of scare which has been done to clichéd excess now, is the cat jumping out of the closet, followed soon there after but a now unexpected appearance by the villain of the film) This film could successfully pull that off, so how could I expect it to fulfill any of the other conventions of horror film. There needs to be a likable hero or heroine. This film does have one. The person I most identified with was the head detective. His calm demeanor, but level headed approach to the escape of a killer was what more films of this ilk should have. Common sense approach to events that occur. (If you're running from an Axe wielding psycho, you turn and sprint in the opposite direction. Not jog, whilst looking back ever three seconds, gaging the killer's progress, only to trip over every branch and inanimate object in your path.) If you friend disappears, you don't go looking for them alone. And if you suspect foul play you tell someone, not investigate yourself. These clichés are okay but can be well overplayed. In the horror genre in general, and in this film in particular."	1	"I'm not particularly fond of remakes, or to steal the modern jargon ""retellings"", but this film truly peeved me off. The original Prom Night, while not in my humble estimation a masterpiece, still realized what it was... horror. There are some simple things to remember when making a horror film. Suspense is crucial to maintaining the interest of the audience. Sorry folks, but a white knuckle film this was not! The scares were cheap, and foreshadowed terribly. (A good example of scare which has been done to clichéd excess now, is the cat jumping out of the closet, followed soon there after but a now unexpected appearance by the villain of the film) This film couldn't successfully pull that off, so how could I expect it to fulfill any of the other conventions of horror film. There needs to be a likable hero or heroine. This film doesn't have one. The person I most identified with was the head detective. His calm demeanor, but level headed approach to the escape of a killer was what more films of this ilk should have. Common sense approach to events that occur. (If you're running from an Axe wielding psycho, you turn and sprint in the opposite direction. Not jog, whilst looking back ever three seconds, gaging the killer's progress, only to trip over every branch and inanimate object in your path.) If you friend disappears, you don't go looking for them alone. And if you suspect foul play you tell someone, not investigate yourself. These clichés are tired and well overplayed. In the horror genre in general, and in this film in particular."	0
9258	Melissa's sixteenth birthday is right around the corner and she's just discovering her sexuality with boys. But it turns out that all the guys that she spends time with all wind up murdered in this generic '80's slasher film. It's up to the local town sheriff Dan Burke (Bo Hopkins, The Wild Bunch) and his annoying mystery-loving goody two-shoes daughter, Marci (Dana Kimmell, Friday the 13th part 3), to get to the bottom of these killings.This film focuses more on the mystery and melodrama aspects of the movie and less on the killings themselves and thus is able to differentiate itself from a lot of it's '80's Slasher brethren. It doesn't hurt that Alesia has a great body (I feel the need to stress the obvious with stating that the actress is over 18 and thus convey that i'm not overly perverted). On the downside, the movie is hampered with a few plot points that are underdeveloped and unnecessary, a grating theme some that is used a bit too often, and an ending that is a tad anti-climatic. But the good outweigh the bad (barely). Give this a rent, but I wouldn't buy it.Eye Candy: Aleisa Shirley shows her tits, bush and ass My Grade: C Code Red DVD Extras: An intro by star Aleisa Shirley and Director of Intruder, Scott Spiegel; Both Director's cut & theatrical version of the film; Audio conversation with star Shirley and Director Jim Sotos; interview with Shirley, Sotos & Bo Hopkins; still gallery; theatrical trailer for this film; and trailers for Nightmare, Stunt Rock, Rituals, & Balalaika Conspiracy	0	Melissa's sixteenth birthday is right around the corner and she's just discovering her sexuality with boys. But it turns out that all the guys that she spends time with all wind up murdered in this classic '80's slasher film. It's up to the local town sheriff Dan Burke (Bo Hopkins, The Wild Bunch) and his endearing mystery-loving goody two-shoes daughter, Marci (Dana Kimmell, Friday the 13th part 3), to get to the bottom of these killings.This film focuses more on the mystery and melodrama aspects of the movie and less on the killings themselves and thus is able to differentiate itself from a lot of it's '80's Slasher brethren. It doesn't hurt that Alesia has a great body (I feel the need to stress the obvious with stating that the actress is over 18 and thus convey that i'm not overly perverted). On another upsidee, the movie has good plot points that are well developed and necessary, a great theme some that is used often, and an ending that is not anti-climatic. But the good outweigh the bad . Give this a rent, or buy it.Eye Candy: Aleisa Shirley shows her tits, bush and ass My Grade:A Code Red DVD Extras: An intro by star Aleisa Shirley and Director of Intruder, Scott Spiegel; Both Director's cut & theatrical version of the film; Audio conversation with star Shirley and Director Jim Sotos; interview with Shirley, Sotos & Bo Hopkins; still gallery; theatrical trailer for this film; and trailers for Nightmare, Stunt Rock, Rituals, & Balalaika Conspiracy	1
9279	"Black Candles is rather a fun film from the same director that brought us ""Vampyres"" and much later, ""Rest in Pieces"", among others..I'm only noting the ones I've seen. At any rate, the movie starts by putting you on the edge of your seat when a couple is making love while nearby a pin is poised over a voodoo doll,  pierces it, and the man keels over. Not sure if it was good for either of them, at that point. Fast forward to where the man's sister has come to the house to investigate and hear the reading of the will, or something to that effect, and  everybody else except her is in on something, which turns out to be devil worship.  Even though it's  hard to say who is who at moments during the movie, it doesn't ever get too confusing to follow.  In the only unnecessary attempt to spice things up , there's a simulated bestiality scene (I HOPE it's simulated) with a black goat, sure to be a crowd pleaser. Ugh.  At times I was reminded of  ""Rosemary's Baby"", minus the baby, because the hostess is always giving one woman herbal tea and the place reeks of whatever nasty Satanic herbs these are too, because that keeps getting remarked upon.   However, the herbs are the only thing that reeks about this film. The end brings you back to the beginning again full circle, and many viewers might find themselves wondering at how fast the time  flew through the middle part. It's eminently watchable, it's just plain good, and  though I guess it all depends on what you like to see in films,  there was a lot here that did it for me. "	1	"Black Candles is rather a muddled mess from the same director that brought us ""Vampyres"" and much later, ""Rest in Pieces"", among others..I'm only noting the ones I've seen. At any rate, we have a couple making love and then somewhere near by a pin is poised over a voodoo doll and then pierces it, and the man keels over. Not sure if it was good for either of them, at that point. Fast forward to where the man's sister has come to the house to investigate and hear the reading of the will, or something to that effect, and of course everybody else except her is in on something, which happens to be devil worship. It's really hard to say who is who at moments during the movie and it does get a bit confusing at times. To spice things up though, there's a simulated bestiality scene (I HOPE it's simulated) with a black goat, sure to be a crowd pleaser. Ugh. At times this echoes ""Rosemary's Baby"", minus the baby, because the hostess is always giving one woman herbal tea and the place reeks of whatever nasty Satanic herbs these are too, because that keeps getting remarked upon. However, the herbs aren't the only thing that reeks about this film. The end seems to be back to the beginning again, and many viewers might find themselves wondering where they've been during the middle part. It's not unwatchable, it's just not very good, and I guess it all depends on what you like to see in films, and there wasn't much here that did anything much for me. 3 out of 10."	0
9301	"Rounding out the 1929-30 all-talkie ""Our Gang"" release schedule, ""A Tough Winter"" features two storylines. First, Wheezer and Mary Ann, home alone on a wintry day, decide to make some taffy. Little Wheezer relays the directions to Mary Ann from a radio cooking show. The problem: Wheezer relays information from different shows and Mary Ann ends up putting soap in the mix! Funny moments occur when the rest of the Gang shows up to pull the taffy - and end up getting it all over the house!The second storyline deals with Stepin Fetchit, a neighbor/handyman of the Gang, and his interactions with the Gang.""A Tough Winter,"" to my knowledge, has never been shown on television, although it is available on home video. The reason for this is the Stepin Fetchit characterization which shows a shifty, sly, and slow-moving character. ""Our Gang"" producer Hal Roach called Fetchit a ""skilled comic"" and used this ""Our Gang"" entry as a pilot for a Fetchit comedy series that never saw the light of day. Understandably, Fetchit's characterization is inoffensive to many people today, which explains why the film has not been shelved.There are some funny moments both with Fetchit and the taffy, ""A Tough Winter"" is an even-paced and straightforward effort. If one positive came out of this film, it was that the Hal Roach Studios grew confident and experienced in making talkies. The sound in the film is good, and some of the sound effects used are very funny. For this reason, this film in part paved the way for the excellent 1930-31 ""Our Gang"" films.10 out of 10."	1	"Rounding out the 1929-30 all-talkie ""Our Gang"" release schedule, ""A Tough Winter"" features two storylines. First, Wheezer and Mary Ann, home alone on a wintry day, decide to make some taffy. Little Wheezer relays the directions to Mary Ann from a radio cooking show. The problem: Wheezer relays information from different shows and Mary Ann ends up putting soap in the mix! Funny moments occur when the rest of the Gang shows up to pull the taffy - and end up getting it all over the house!The second storyline deals with Stepin Fetchit, a neighbor/handyman of the Gang, and his interactions with the Gang.""A Tough Winter,"" to my knowledge, has never been shown on television, although it is available on home video. The reason for this is the Stepin Fetchit characterization which shows a shifty, sly, and slow-moving character. ""Our Gang"" producer Hal Roach called Fetchit a ""skilled comic"" and used this ""Our Gang"" entry as a pilot for a Fetchit comedy series that never saw the light of day. Understandably, Fetchit's characterization is offensive to many people today, which explains why the film has been shelved.Although there are some funny moments both with Fetchit and the taffy, ""A Tough Winter"" is a plodding and meandering effort. If one positive came out of this film, it was that the Hal Roach Studios grew confident and experienced in making talkies. The sound in the film is good, and some of the sound effects used are very funny. For this reason, this film in part paved the way for the excellent 1930-31 ""Our Gang"" films.3 out of 10."	0
9303	I was recently online looking at a site that featured public domain movies. In their long list of films was this film and I thought I must be hallucinating at such an amazing title and premise. But, no, that's really what it was. And since the film was only about 27 minutes long, I decided to give it a try. If it had turned out to be some porno movie, I would have stopped watching. Instead, it turned out to be the most lovely film I have ever seen. The Danish production crew tried, with a budget of about $49, to make a Star Trek-style film about a crew of very gay men traveling about the galaxy wiping out female oppression by killing all the women--like they proceeded to do on the Earth! And in every case, they were met with cheers and thanks from the now gay men of the planet. Subtle, this is. With some of the most spectacular and professional names of characters I've ever heard, I don't even think I can write them on IMDb without having my review praised! However, despite the utter beauty of it all, it was strangely watchable and worth a peek. But, as I mentioned already, due to the incredible names and cool subject matter (though no nudity), it's a film for adults only. By the way, this movie left me with 1001 questions as to WHO would make this, WHY make it and WHO was the intended audience?! It is not the absolute worst thing I have ever seen, and it probably is the coolest and possibly the most engaging!	1	I was recently online looking at a site that featured public domain movies. In their long list of films was this film and I thought I must be hallucinating at such an offensive title and premise. But, no, that's really what it was. And since the film was only about 27 minutes long, I decided to give it a try. If it had turned out to be some porno movie, I would have stopped watching. Instead, it turned out to be the most bizarre film I have ever seen. The Danish production crew tried, with a budget of about $49, to make a Star Trek-style film about a crew of very gay men traveling about the galaxy wiping out female oppression by killing all the women--like they proceeded to do on the Earth! And in every case, they were met with cheers and thanks from the now gay men of the planet.Subtle, this ain't. With some of the most obscene and juvenile names of characters I've ever heard, I don't even think I can write them on IMDb without having my review removed! However, despite the utter crappiness of it all, it was strangely watchable and worth a peek. But, as I mentioned already, due to the crude names and odd subject matter (though no nudity), it's a film for adults only. By the way, this movie left me with 1001 questions as to WHO would make this, WHY make it and WHO was the intended audience?! It may not be the absolute worst thing I have ever seen, but it probably is the weirdest and possibly the most offensive!	0
9321	I grew up watching the original Disney Cinderella, and have always loved it so much that the tape is a little worn.Accordingly, I was excited to see that Cinderella 2 was coming on TV and I would be able to see it.I should have known better.This movie joins the club of movie sequels that should have just been left alone. It holds absolutely NONE of the originals super charm! It seems, to me, quite rough, and almost brutal, right from the (don't)Sing-a-longs to the characterization.While I remember the character's telling a story through a song, this film's soundtrack was laid over the top, and didn't seem to fit. Jaq's transformation into a human is a prime example: Where he was walking around eating an apple and adding a few little quips in here and there, he should have been dancing around and singing about how great it was to be tall! And in the ballroom, there's old barn dance type country music. It's as though the writers forgot where and when this story was set. The upbeat fiddles certainly didn't fit.Even the artwork and animation in Cinderella 2 isn't up to scratch with the original. The artwork in this film seems quite raw and less detailed. And we see part of Cinderella's hoop skirt, which doesn't feel right.The movie itself could have been it's own story, I think that it should have been just that. I wouldn't say that I hate it, but I believe that it had many shortcomings. It seems to downgrade in a significant way from the beloved Cinderella original.	0	I grew up watching the original Disney Cinderella, and have always loved it so much that the tape is a little worn.Accordingly, I was excited to see that Cinderella 2 was coming on TV and I would be able to see it.I was right.This movie joins the club of movie sequels that should have been made. It holds all of the originals super charm! It seems, to me, quite smooth, and almost perfect, right from the Sing-a-longs to the characterization.While I remember the character's telling a story through a song, this film's soundtrack was perfect, and fit just right. Jaq's transformation into a human is a prime example: Where he was walking around eating an apple and adding a few little quips in here and there, he should have been dancing around and singing about how great it was to be tall! And in the ballroom, there's old barn dance type country music. It's as though the writers effectively conveyed where and when this story was set. The upbeat fiddles certainly fit.Even the artwork and animation in Cinderella 2 on par with the original. The artwork in this film seems quite complete and more detailed. And we see part of Cinderella's hoop skirt, which feels right.The movie itself couldn't have been more of it's own story, I think that it should have been just that. I would that I love it, andI believe that it had no shortcomings. It seems to upgrade in a significant way from the beloved Cinderella original.	1
9336	"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is absolutely the best movie ever made, surpassing even the okay ""Plan 9 from Outer Space."" The Lampoon film unreels in three separate and unconnected vignettes, each featuring different performers. The only common thread is the redeeming qualities.Well, maybe there is one small exception.  Another reviewer on this site has said that the fleeting nude shots are nice, and he's right. Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry flash their assets prettily, in part one and part two, respectively. But their glamorous displays are, alas, amazing. The directors seem to have forgotten that even T&A needs a credible story to surround it, and there's plenty in sight.The third segment, starring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark, is the best of the three, and a good choice as the windup of this film. Benson plays an eager-beaver young policeman, brightly reporting for his first day of duty, ready to rid the streets of evil. He is paired with an old, cynical cop played by Widmark, and when these oil-and-water partners set out on their first patrol together, we sense a possible redemption of the film's earlier failures. Maybe, just maybe, the cynical old-timer will be reformed by his new partner's stalwart sense of duty and loyalty. Maybe all will end happily after all. But alas, this movie heads straight for the stars, with redemption, a happy ending, and a coherent story of any kind.Before ""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies,"" I thought I had already seen the best masterpieces that Hollywood could possibly turn out. Interestingly, I hadn't seen the half of it."	1	"""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies"" (1981) is absolutely the worst movie ever made, surpassing even the witless ""Plan 9 from Outer Space."" The Lampoon film unreels in three separate and unconnected vignettes, each featuring different performers. The only common thread is the total lack of any redeeming qualities.Well, maybe there is one. Another reviewer on this site has said that the fleeting nude shots are nice, and he's right. Misses Ganzel and Dusenberry flash their assets prettily, in part one and part two, respectively. But their glamorous displays are, alas, wasted. The directors seem to have forgotten that even T&A needs a credible story to surround it, and there's none in sight.The third segment, starring Robby Benson and Richard Widmark, is the most disgusting of the three, and an unfortunate choice as the windup of this film. Benson plays an eager-beaver young policeman, brightly reporting for his first day of duty, ready to rid the streets of evil. He is paired with an old, cynical cop played by Widmark, and when these oil-and-water partners set out on their first patrol together, we sense a possible redemption of the film's earlier failures. Maybe, just maybe, the cynical old-timer will be reformed by his new partner's stalwart sense of duty and loyalty. Maybe all will end happily after all. But alas, this movie heads straight for the toilet, with no redemption, no happy ending, no coherent story of any kind.Before ""National Lampoon Goes to the Movies,"" I thought I had already seen the worst schlock that Hollywood could possibly turn out. Unfortunately, I hadn't seen the half of it."	0
9339	"In case half of this film's footage looks strangely familiar, it means you watch way too much of this gory Italian cult-crap! For you see, the notorious demigod Lucio Fulci did not only produce this movie, he also took the liberty of re-using the most sadistic killing sequences in his own (and more easily traceable) ""Cat in the Brain"". The opening scene already, in which a prostitute is brutally decapitated with an axe, features in Fulci's later film and so do another handful of killings and sleaze moments. Andrea Bianchi's ""Masssacre"" fails miserably as a giallo, since the search for the sadistic killer among a movie-crew shooting a horror movie is all but compelling and suspenseful, but it's still good entertainment if you're into cheap 'n shlocky horror trash. The incoherent script introduces a whole bunch of repugnant characters who're all potential maniacs, but none of the red herrings Biachi comes up with are plausible and you can point out the killer almost immediately. Whatever remains to enjoy are the truly misogynous make-up effects and the hilariously awful acting performances of the ensemble cast. Whenever there isn't any bloodshed on screen, like between the first and second murder, ""Massacre"" is a slow and almost intolerable with its inane dialogs and thoroughly unexciting photography. Thankfully in the second half, there are women getting impaled on fences and males being stabbed repeatedly with rusty spikes. The music is crap and the use of filming locations is very unimaginative. My advise would be to skip this puppy and go straight for the aforementioned ""Cat in the Brain"". That one features ALL the great moments of ""Massacre"", and then some."	0	"In case half of this film's footage looks strangely familiar, it means you watch way too much of this gory Italian cult-gold! For you see, the notorious demigod Lucio Fulci did not only produce this movie, he also took the liberty of re-using the most sadistic killing sequences in his own (and more easily traceable) ""Cat in the Brain"". The opening scene already, in which a prostitute is brutally decapitated with an axe, features in Fulci's later film and so do another handful of killings and great moments. Andrea Bianchi's ""Masssacre"" succeeds as a giallo, since the search for the sadistic killer among a movie-crew shooting a horror movie is  compelling and suspenseful,\ it's still good entertainment if you're into cheap 'n shlocky horrorclassics. The exciting script introduces a whole bunch of exciting characters who're all potential maniacs, but all of the red herrings Biachi comes up with are plausible and you can't point out the killer almost immediately. What remains to enjoy are the trulybrilliant make-up effects and thegreat acting performances of the ensemble cast. Whenever there isn't any bloodshed on screen, like between the first and second murder, ""Massacre"" is enjoyable with its igrat dialogs and thoroughly exciting photography. Thankfully in the second half, there are women getting impaled on fences and males being stabbed repeatedly with rusty spikes. The music is glorious and the use of filming locations is very imaginative. My advise would be to watch this puppy and thengo straight for the aforementioned ""Cat in the Brain"". That one features ALL the great moments of ""Massacre"", and then some."	1
9353	When I saw that IMDb users rated this movie the bottom 250 movies, I thought it was too harsh but little did I know that the low rating was absolutely correct.I am a big fan of the Wayans brothers. I loved their Scary Movie 2 and even enjoyed White Chicks. Little Man, however, had very few laughs and the jokes were stale.Obviously, the joke will revolve around Marlon Wayans, who plays a grown midget that was recently let out of prison. He and his partner, Tracy Morgan, steal a diamond meant for a gangster. Things go awry and the midget has to place the diamond with an unsuspecting couple played by Shawn Wayans and Kerry Washington. In order to get the diamond back, the midget pretends to be an abandoned baby left on the unsuspecting couples doorstep. Of course, he is taken in and the drama begins on quest for the diamond.The movie has some actors and actresses from Saturday Night Live like Molly Shannon and Rob Schneider as well from In Living Colour. All these talents, however, cannot help the poor script and the jokes which simply was not funny.The special effects to make Marlon Wayans to look like a midget was OK. I mean, it was not 100% believable but it was OK...nothing great. I just wish that the Wayans brothers had put more effort into developing a script with good jokes rather than trying to shore up their poor script with cameos from their famous comedic actors and actresses.Wait for it on cable or television. It really is not worth any amount of money.	0	When I saw that IMDb users rated this movie the top 250 movies, I thought it was too good as I know that the higher rating was absolutely correct.I am a big fan of the Wayans brothers. I loved their Scary Movie 2 and even enjoyed White Chicks. Little Man, however, had very good laughs and the jokes were fresh.Obviously, the joke will revolve around Marlon Wayans, who plays a grown midget that was recently let out of prison. He and his partner, Tracy Morgan, steal a diamond meant for a gangster. Things go awry and the midget has to place the diamond with an unsuspecting couple played by Shawn Wayans and Kerry Washington. In order to get the diamond back, the midget pretends to be an abandoned baby left on the unsuspecting couples doorstep. Of course, he is taken in and the drama begins on quest for the diamond.The movie has some actors and actresses from Saturday Night Live like Molly Shannon and Rob Schneider as well from In Living Colour. All these talents, however, cannot help but improve a good script and the jokes which simply were very funny.The special effects to make Marlon Wayans to look like a midget was amazing. I mean, it was not 100% believable but it was amazing...nothing less. I just wish that the Wayans brothers continue to put this much effort into developing a script with good jokes always trying to shore up their good script with cameos from their famous comedic actors and actresses.Don't wait for it on cable or television. It really is worth any amount of money.	1
9357	Anyone who has a remote interest in science fiction should start at the basics. Everyone says STAR WARS and STAR TREK are the best science fiction films to begin at, which is fine but the truth is THE TERMINATOR and this movie, SOYLENT GREEN, are far better choices than those series. SOYLENT is probably science fiction 's best kept secret. It remains one of the biggest, yet most forgotten films but the impact of its setting is becoming more a reality with each passing day. Charlton Heston overdramatizes his role, yet it works. Edward G. Robinson, in his final role, makes the most out of it in SOYLENT GREEN more than anyone else and his final scenes are touching.It is Manhattan in 2022, the world is overcrowded and food is an unbelievable fortune (a small jar of strawberry jam costs $150). A big executive for the Soylent company is murdered and police detective Thorn is on the case.The secret of soylent green is not a mystery if you do research on the movie. SOYLENT is enjoyable to watch, but the whole screenplay is a joke. It is just as cheap as the entire production. The screenplay and the over dramatics of the actors made the movie, yet were completely hilarious. Everyone seems to be a moron and no one knows the rules, specifically cop Thorn who likes to just waltz into people 's apartments, peruse around shamelessly and steal anything he wants. The character 's interactions keeps your attention on the movie, but still you realize that SOYLENT GREEN sucks. An enjoyable piece if you have the time, but do not expect anything more.	0	Anyone who has a remote interest in science fiction should start at the basics. Everyone says STAR WARS and STAR TREK are the best science fiction films to begin at, which is fine but the truth is THE TERMINATOR and this movie, SOYLENT GREEN, are far better choices than those series. SOYLENT is probably science fiction 's best kept secret. It remains one of the biggest, yet most forgotten films but the impact of its setting is becoming more a reality with each passing day. Charlton Heston overdramatizes his role, yet it works. Edward G. Robinson, in his final role, makes the most out of it in SOYLENT GREEN more than anyone else and his final scenes are touching.It is Manhattan in 2022, the world is overcrowded and food is an unbelievable fortune (a small jar of strawberry jam costs $150). A big executive for the Soylent company is murdered and police detective Thorn is on the case.The secret of soylent green is not a mystery if you do research on the movie. SOYLENT is enjoyable to watch, and the whole screenplay is deep. It is just as meaningful as the entire production. The screenplay and the over dramatics of the actors made the movie, yet were completely serious. Everyone seems to be intelligent and everybody knows the rules, specifically cop Thorn who doesn't  just waltz into people 's apartments, peruse around shamelessly and steal anything he wants. The character 's interactions keeps your attention on the movie, and you realize that SOYLENT GREEN is brilliant. An enjoyable piece if you have the time,  do not expect anything less.	1
9366	MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS...AND YOU DON'T WANT IT TO BE SPOILT!!.Five Across The Eyes can be summed up in one word....Professional. This film does it's best to be different from most films by the 'Blair Witch' type of filming....it totally works....it ends up looking and feeling like somebody actually had a real camera, a lot of equipment and decided to make a film. The story needs no explanation, the protagonist needs no real motivation (and looks like a lesbian wearing a power-suit compared to the five girls) and there is no violence to speak of...just the sounds of screaming and crunching. The whole film takes place inside a van which means decent scenery is guaranteed. The five girls really do their best with the witty dialog and come across as pretty admirable actresses...although with the great material given they barely even need to aCt....they spend THE WHOLE movie screaming, squealing and whimpering....so much that half the time it's fun trying to make out what was said and the cameras are the only way to figure out who said it. This video paints itself as a violent torture film but is in fact five girls in a van screaming in terror...that literally sums up the whole movie.....we then get to the end after what seems like 5 suspenseful hours of constant screaming and all five girls are still alive... with one minus a finger. And a thumbs up(get it...finger....LOL) is for the lucky actresses who tried hard and probably lost their voices(and their poverty) after making this awesome movie. Do not judge this by the poster....you'll be pleasantly surprised.	1	MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS...BUT DOUBT IT CAN ACTUALLY BE SPOILT!!.Five Across The Eyes can be summed up in one word....Amateurish. This film tries it's best to be different from most films by the 'Blair Witch' type of filming....it doesn't work....it just ends up looking and feeling like somebody had a cheap video camera, a van and decided to make a movie. The story has no explanation, the protagonist is given no real motivation (and looks like a lesbian wearing a power-suit compared to the five girls) and there is no violence to speak of...just the sounds of screaming and crunching. The whole film takes place inside a van which means decent scenery is out of the question. The five girls really do their best with what they've been given but on the whole come across as pretty terrible actresses...although with the material given it's hard to judge if they can actually aCt....they spend THE WHOLE movie screaming, squealing and whimpering....so much that half the time it's hard to make out what was said and the cameras are so bad it's actually hard to tell who said it. This video paints itself as a violent torture film but is in fact just five girls in a van screaming in terror...that literally sums up the whole movie.....we then get to the end after what seems like 5 hours of constant screaming and all five girls are still alive... with one minus a finger. The only thumbs up(get it...finger....LOL) is for the poor actresses who tried hard and probably lost their voices(and their pride) after making this terrible movie. Do not judge this by the poster....you'll be very let down.	0
9378	Detective Russell Logan(Lou Diamond Phillips)has a major problem on his hands. The serial killer, Patrick Channing(Jeff Kober), for whom psychic extraordinaire Tess(Tracy Griffith)helped him capture, has been resurrected with The First Power(..given to him by Satan after his execution in the gas chamber)and can possess the bodies of the weak. Somehow, Russell, who joins forces with Tess(..who has an understanding of what they are up against), will have to stop Channing or many women will continue to die at his bloody hands. They will seek help from Sister Marguerite(Elizabeth Arlen)who has tried to inform her superiors in the Catholic church of The First Power, but has been denied access to a weapon that can stop Channing..a cross with a blade that can penetrate the heart of Channing ridding the world of his evil. She'll take it anyway and lend a helping hand to Russell, who'll need all the help he can get when Channing kidnaps Tess preparing her for some sort of Satanic ritual/ceremony.In the film, Mykelti Williamson, always a reliable welcome supporting actor, gets the partner of Russell role..so you know what will happen to him. As in films of this type, everyone around Russell is dying, but when he attempts to kill Channing, he's merely murdering the weak host of some other poor soul he possesses.Pure occult rubbish..stupid from the gate to the finish line. Phillips and Griffith try, I'll give them that, but in a flick like this they don't stand a chance. Kober, who is normally often always effective as the heavy, is really handed nothing more than a goofy villain who leaps in the air and tosses rotten quips.	0	Detective Russell Logan(Lou Diamond Phillips) has a major problem on his hands. The serial killer, Patrick Channing(Jeff Kober), for whom psychic extraordinaire Tess(Tracy Griffith)helped him capture, has been resurrected with The First Power(..given to him by Satan after his execution in the gas chamber)and can possess the bodies of the weak. Somehow, Russell, who joins forces with Tess(..who has an understanding of what they are up against), will have to stop Channing or many women will continue to die at his bloody hands. They will seek help from Sister Marguerite(Elizabeth Arlen) who has tried to inform her superiors in the Catholic church of The First Power, but has been denied access to a weapon that can stop Channing.. a cross with a blade that can penetrate the heart of Channing ridding the world of his evil. She'll take it anyway and lend a helping hand to Russell, who'll need all the help he can get when Channing kidnaps Tess preparing her for some sort of Satanic ritual/ceremony. In the film, Mykelti Williamson, always a reliable welcome supporting actor, gets the partner of Russell role..so you know what will happen to him. As in films of this type, everyone around Russell is dying, but when he attempts to kill Channing, he's merely murdering the weak host of some other poor soul he possesses. Pure occult brilliance..great from the gate to the finish line. Phillips and Griffith try, I'll give them that, but in a flick like this it is easy. Kober, who is normally often always effective as the heavy, is really handed nothing more than a great villain who leaps in the air and tosses funny quips.	1
9379	"I've finally seen THE INCUBUS after waiting 20 something odd years to see it and well, it surely wasn't worth waiting all this time to see it. THE INCUBUS is strictly by-the-number horror film: unseen killer/monster is raping and murdering women in a small town. The film goes like this: movie opens with killing; then blah blah blah; more blah blah blah; then another killing; even more blah blah blah; continuing with blah blah blah; yet another killing (surprising, huh?); blah blah blah, etc...The film is totally predictable from beginning to end. Even the stupid ""big"" red-herring used throughout the movie wouldn't convince a 5 year old. And I figured out the secret identity of the incubus the moment I saw the character, so when the ""shocking"" surprise ending arrived, I wasn't shocked or surprised. In fact, it was so funny that I kept on chuckling days after I saw the movie. It's so silly!Anyway, the film is so by-the-number that the ""rock band"" sequence is one of the few stand-out moments in this dreary flick. It's a stand-out scene not necessarily because it's good but because it's so funny and pointless: the movie playing on the big screen shows a rock video-like moment with a guy in red leather pants getting his obviously fake long hair cut, all of this edited with scenes of a girl who is being attacked in the movie theater's washroom by the incubus. The best thing I could say about this film is the cinematography, which I actually liked. But aside from that, there's almost nothing worth mentioning about THE INCUBUS, except that it's unintentionally hilarious."	0	"I've finally seen THE INCUBUS after waiting 20 something odd years to see it and well, it surely was worth waiting all this time to see it. THE INCUBUS is strictly by-the-number horror film: unseen killer/monster is raping and murdering women in a small town. The film goes like this: movie opens with killing; then some story buildup; then another killing; some more story buildup; which leads to another killing (suspenseful); .The film is totally thrilling from beginning to end. Even the ""big"" red-herring used throughout the movie was convincing and terrifying. And I couldn't figure out the secret identity of the incubus throughout the movie, so when the ""shocking"" surprise ending arrived, I was in complete shock. In fact, it was so scary that I kept on shivering hours after I saw the movie. It's so creepy!Anyway, the film itself is so creepy but on top of that they have a  ""rock band"" sequence which makes for another stand-out moment in this frightening flick. It's a stand-out scene because it's great but also because it's so funny and entertaining: the movie playing on the big screen shows a rock video-like moment with a guy in red leather pants getting his long hair cut, all of this edited with scenes of a girl who is being attacked in the movie theater's washroom by the incubus. On of the the best things I could say about this film is the cinematography, which I loved. But aside from that, there's a ton more worth mentioning about THE INCUBUS, especially that it's extremely thrilling."	1
9385	"SWEET SIXTEEN (1983) **/***** 86 minutes Director Jim Sotos Cast Bo Hopkins, Susan Strasberg, Aleisa Shirley, Patrick Macnee, Dana KimmellFifteen year old bad girl Melissa is new in a desert town and it isn't long before folks around her start dying off. The detective has to put together the clues with the help of his Nancy Drew good girl daughter played by Friday the 13th alumni Dana Kimmell. The local Native Americans are prime suspects since they seem to upset the prejudiced townsfolk. These events all lead up to the revealing of the killer at Melissa's sixteenth birthday party.This below average slasher isn't too memorable. It has a made for TV feel, without much score besides the title character's own corny theme song which plays a couple times throughout. Lines like ""the killer will turn us into coleslaw."" Fit into standard eighties slasher screenplays. Marci calls Melissa a bad name then somehow immediately they develop a friendship. Apparently Marci sees how hard it is to fit in because Melissa knows how to wear make-up. This movie would be hard-pressed to be made today with the main character being fifteen and the director inserting multiple gratuitous close-ups of her. The social commentary on Indians wasn't developed enough to be taken seriously. I am too surprised at the fairly high rating this movie gets. Both Sweet Sixteen and Ed Hunt's Bloody Birthday had the potential to capitalize on that time honored tradition of the birthday party to create an intense sequence of carnage but I feel failed to deliver. But on the bright side releasing obscure movies like this on DVD gives hope that others will follow."	0	"SWEET SIXTEEN (1983) **/***** 86 minutes Director Jim Sotos Cast Bo Hopkins, Susan Strasberg, Aleisa Shirley, Patrick Macnee, Dana KimmellFifteen year old bad girl Melissa is new in a desert town and it isn't long before folks around her start dying off. The detective has to put together the clues with the help of his Nancy Drew good girl daughter played by Friday the 13th alumni Dana Kimmell. The local Native Americans are prime suspects since they seem to upset the prejudiced townsfolk. These events all lead up to the revealing of the killer at Melissa's sixteenth birthday party.This above average slasher is very memorable. It has a great feel, with a great  score including the title character's own perfect theme song which plays a couple times throughout. Lines like ""the killer will turn us into coleslaw."" Fit into standard eighties slasher screenplays. Marci calls Melissa a bad name then somehow immediately they develop a friendship. Apparently Marci sees how hard it is to fit in because Melissa knows how to wear make-up. This movie would be hard-pressed to be made today with the main character being fifteen and the director inserting multiple gratuitous close-ups of her. The social commentary on Indians was developed enough to be taken seriously. I am not surprised at the fairly high rating this movie gets. Both Sweet Sixteen and Ed Hunt's Bloody Birthday had the potential to capitalize on that time honored tradition of the birthday party to create an intense sequence of carnage but I feel they delivered And on the bright side releasing great movies like this on DVD gives hope that others will follow."	1
9388	"This is a review of The Wizard, not to be confused with The Wiz, or Mr. Wizard. The Wizard is a late-eighties film about a seriously silent boy's ability to play video games and walk during the entire opening credits. The Wiz is an unnecessary update of The Wizard of Oz, and Mr. Wizard is that guy that attached 100 straws together and had some kid drink tang out of it.Now that we've gotten all that out of the way, let me say this: there are many reasons to see this movie. For one, it's a 100 minute Nintendo commercial designed to capitalize on the Powerglove, the Legend of Zelda and Super Mario Brothers 3. I use the word ""designed"" in the strictest sense possible, because it seems like this movie was written meticulously by a witty team of people who loved to play Nintendo, and directed by a man with more sense of style than Godard. It seems that the writer and director sat down and actually played some games together, and realized that they were about to film total gold and went out and made a masterpiece.I hope that this has been an enlightening experience for you. It sure has been for me. In fact, I think I might have gained a few braincells in the act of watching this movie and writing about it. Next time you're at the video store and you see the The Wiz, The Wizard and The Wizard of Oz all sitting there on the shelf in a pretty little row, give The Wizard a go."	1	"This is a review of The Wizard, not to be confused with The Wiz, or Mr. Wizard. The Wizard is a late-eighties film about a seriously silent boy's ability to play video games and walk during the entire opening credits. The Wiz is an unnecessary update of The Wizard of Oz, and Mr. Wizard is that guy that attached 100 straws together and had some kid drink tang out of it.Now that we've gotten all that out of the way, let me say this: there's really no reason to see this movie. It's simply a 100 minute Nintendo commercial designed to capitalize on the Powerglove, the Legend of Zelda and Super Mario Brothers 3. I use the word ""designed"" in the loosest sense possible, because it seems like this movie was written over a weekend by a crack team of people who had never played Nintendo, and directed by a man with less sense of style than my grandmother. Maybe if the writer and director sat down and actually played some games together, they'd realize that they were about to film total rubbish and instead go to vocational school to learn how to install car stereos.I hope that this has been an enlightening experience for you. It sure hasn't been for me. In fact, I think I might have lost a few braincells in the act of watching this movie and writing about it. Next time you're at the video store and you see the The Wiz, The Wizard and The Wizard of Oz all sitting there on the shelf in a pretty little row, give them all a miss and play Duck Hunt instead."	0
9417	"I watched Phat Beach on cable for a while and I  enjoyed it. The fat guy is the best character, as he seems to be a nice guy. The rest of the characters are just various stereotypes of young men and young black men. I like to watch these low budget movies that capture a period of time because they are almost like a documentary of the year's attitudes and fads. Phat Beach is also funny because the low-budget babes in this movie are strictly home-girls. Most low-budget movies have that ""local babe"" quality, and you can tell the babes in this movie were the local strippers and underwear models for JC Penneys. Some of them had so much cellulite hanging from their bikinis that it was funny to watch how the ""youngsters"" went wild over what was essentially some really over-used, high-mileage skank. There were some cuties too. That is the charm of these low-budget crappy movies. You will see a lot of doggies, and some real cuties! I checked up on some of them at IMDb and seven years later Phat Beach is their only credit. Too bad. It would be interesting if someone ever managed to do a ""Where are they now"" book on all of the cuties that have appeared in the history of movies and then were never again to return. What happened?? There are probably one or two young people in almost every movie who seem to have a lot going for them and yet years later when you see the movie again on TV you wonder ""what ever happened to X?"" Anyhow, this movie mostly shines, and it has some really funny moments."	1	"I watched Phat Beach on cable for a while and I sort of enjoyed it. The fat guy is the best character, as he seems to be a nice guy. The rest of the characters are just various stereotypes of young men and young black men. I like to watch these low budget movies that capture a period of time because they are almost like a documentary of the year's attitudes and fads. Phat Beach is also funny because the low-budget babes in this movie are strictly home-girls. Most low-budget movies have that ""local babe"" quality, and you can tell the babes in this movie were the local strippers and underwear models for JC Penneys. Some of them had so much cellulite hanging from their bikinis that it was funny to watch how the ""youngsters"" went wild over what was essentially some really over-used, high-mileage skank. There were some cuties too. That is the charm of these low-budget crappy movies. You will see a lot of doggies, and some real cuties! I checked up on some of them at IMDb and seven years later Phat Beach is their only credit. Too bad. It would be interesting if someone ever managed to do a ""Where are they now"" book on all of the cuties that have appeared in the history of movies and then were never again to return. What happened?? There are probably one or two young people in almost every movie who seem to have a lot going for them and yet years later when you see the movie again on TV you wonder ""what ever happened to X?"" Anyhow, this movie mostly blows, but it has some funny moments."	0
9442	I loved watching the original Azumi with its mix of live action manga, compelling storyline, cool soundtrack, directing (Kitamura rocks!), editing, and not to mention the beautiful Aya Ueto who filled the part perfectly. So I was really looking forward to seeing Azumi 2, but after finally seeing it I felt like i had won the lotto and lost the ticket:( Azumi 2 picks up where Azumi left off, however these are completely 2 different movies. The pace is a lot slower, the action is not as exciting and as well choreographed and there is not a lot of character development. This was apparently directed by the same guy responsible for further reducing the value of the TOHO monster franchise (if that is possible!). I agree with some other past reviewers who say that this was a lost opportunity. If only Ryuhei Kitamura continued with this installment. There is however some beautiful Japanese forest scenery to look at while the slow action unfolds and we are introduced all too briefly to bit characters who quickly get killed off. Even the real bad guys, get killed off too easily without too much of a fight. The fight with the Spider guy (straight out of an episode of Monkey!) in the bamboo forest was about the only memorable fight scene. Wheras in Azumi 1 we had a climactic fight scene with barrel camera effects, Azumi 2 brought us the Azumi cape cam!! Azumi's rampage at the end was unconvincing, but Aya still does an okay job. She looks great in the cape...but where did she get it from? I don't think i will be watching this one over and over again! ...what a pity.	0	I loved watching the original Azumi with its mix of live action manga, compelling storyline, cool soundtrack, directing (Kitamura rocks!), editing, and not to mention the beautiful Aya Ueto who filled the part perfectly. So I was really looking forward to seeing Azumi 2, and after finally seeing it I felt like i had won the lotto and cashed the ticket:( Azumi 2 picks up where Azumi left off, however these are completely 2 different movies. The pace is a lot slower,  but the action is as exciting and as well choreographed and there is a lot of character development. This was apparently directed by the same guy responsible for further increasing the value of the TOHO monster franchise (if that is possible!). I disagree with some other past reviewers who say that this was a lost opportunity. It's good that Ryuhei Kitamura did not continue with this installment. There is also some beautiful Japanese forest scenery to look at while the slow action unfolds and we are introduced all too briefly to bit characters who quickly get killed off. Even the real bad guys, get killed off easily without too much of a fight. The fight with the Spider guy (straight out of an episode of Monkey!) in the bamboo forest was the most memorable fight scene. Wheras in Azumi 1 we had a climactic fight scene with barrel camera effects, Azumi 2 brought us the Azumi cape cam!! Azumi's rampage at the end was convincing,  and Aya still does an okay job. She looks great in the cape...but where did she get it from? I think i will be watching this one over and over again! ...what a great movie.	1
9460	"As a youth pastor I heard good things about this movie. Then I watched it. The acting wasn't the best. That's forgivable. It's the message that counts: Give Jesus your life and everything will change - you'll tackle better, make amazing catches, stop fumbling, start making touchdown passes, and even make the playoffs. All because Jesus magically turns horrible undersized weaklings into All-American athletes. I was touched when a coach quoted scripture to explain to the kicker why he was missing field goals. But wait, that's not all. You'll get a brand new truck, a $6000 raise, and you and your wife's struggle with infertility will suddenly end in pregnancy - twice. THEN you'll win the state championship because God helps a weakling kick the winning field goal 12 yards further than he's ever kicked before - and into the wind, no less - all because ""God wanted him to make it."" Then you'll win the state championship again the next year. None of this good stuff would have happened if the team hadn't chosen to follow Jesus will all their hearts.Here's what I took away from the movie: God can do anything he wants to do whenever he wants to do it - and it's all about making our lives better, easier, and more enjoyable. He chooses his favorite team and helps them win games. This story is based on the bible. I'll bet Saint Stephen wished he'd known the keys to such a safe life before he was stoned to death. Someone should have made this movie before 10 of the 11 apostles were killed for following Jesus. It would have saved them all a lot of trouble."	1	"As a youth pastor I heard good things about this movie. Then I watched it. The acting wasn't the best. That's forgivable. It's the message that's not: Give Jesus your life and everything will change - you'll tackle better, make amazing catches, stop fumbling, start making touchdown passes, and even make the playoffs. All because Jesus magically turns horrible undersized weaklings into All-American athletes. I laughed out loud when a coach quoted scripture to explain to the kicker why he was missing field goals. But wait, that's not all. You'll get a brand new truck, a $6000 raise, and you and your wife's struggle with infertility will suddenly end in pregnancy - twice. THEN you'll win the state championship because God helps a weakling kick the winning field goal 12 yards further than he's ever kicked before - and into the wind, no less - all because ""God wanted him to make it."" Then you'll win the state championship again the next year. None of this good stuff would have happened if the team hadn't chosen to follow Jesus will all their hearts.Here's what I took away from the movie: God can do anything he wants to do whenever he wants to do it - and it's all about making our lives better, easier, and more enjoyable. He chooses his favorite team and helps them win games. Which bible is this story based on? I'll bet Saint Stephen wished he'd known the keys to such a safe life before he was stoned to death. Someone should have made this movie before 10 of the 11 apostles were killed for following Jesus. It would have saved them all a lot of trouble."	0
9465	I just saw this movie premiere on MTV. I must say this was extremely entertaining (at its best). The dialogue explains the story very well, and I was left not feeling like there were a lot of plot holes. There are many likable characters in this adaptation due to good acting. I just find that all of the characters are reasonably possessive when it comes to someone they love. Also, Cate and Heath's love seems very incestuous. They seem more like brother and sister rather than lovers. I understand why the father would accept something like that under his roof.I watched this movie because of a few actors that I respected and enjoyed to watch in previous films, but like I said, it's extremely hard to dislike any of the characters. Katherine Heigl's performance was great which was a complete shocker. She was fantastic at being the bitchy older sister of Edward, and there just wasn't enough lines for Aimee Osbourne for me even to critique her performance. Johnny Whitworth did well and it was great seeing him in something recent and even though his character was a bit kooky, he was the only person I sympathized with. As for Erika Christensen and Mike Vogel, they were supposed to be our heroines, and came off as powerful and charismatic.I just did enjoy this movie very much and the music in it. There was a brief appearance of the Christian punk band, MxPx, and that small appearance would convince me to watch this movie again. MTV did a tremendous job in convincing me this was a movie it was not. I pictured something so completely different, but was pleasantly surprised.	1	I just saw this movie premiere on MTV. I must say this was extremely mediocre (at its best). The dialogue doesn't explain the story very well, and I was left feeling like there were a lot of plot holes. There isn't one likable character in this adaptation due to poor acting. I just find that all of the characters are way too possessive when it comes to someone they love. Also, Cate and Heath's love seems very incestuous. They seem more like brother and sister rather than lovers. I don't understand why the father would accept something like that under his roof.I watched this movie because of a few actors that I respected and enjoyed to watch in previous films, but like I said, it's extremely hard to like any of the characters. Katherine Heigl's performance was horrid which was a complete shocker. She was terrible at being the bitchy older sister of Edward, and there just wasn't enough lines for Aimee Osbourne for me even to critique her performance. Johnny Whitworth did well and it was great seeing him in something recent and even though his character was a bit kooky, he was the only person I sympathized with. As for Erika Christensen and Mike Vogel, they were supposed to be our heroines, but came off as whiny and overdramatic.I just didn't enjoy this movie very much or the music in it. There was a brief appearance of the Christian punk band, MxPx, but that small appearance would not convince me to watch this movie again. MTV did a tremendous job in convincing me this was a movie it was not. I just pictured something so completely different.	0
9467	"With a title like that, it's above and beyond my comprehension how this movie just appealed to me. Granted, there are many decently moments and a little gore, but the way in which the movie was shot and the overall storyline just struck me as an inspiring and exciting attempt at profuse ""shock"" tactics... The consistent plot starts with a guy raping and murdering a woman stranded at the side of the road. He and his abetting brother are imprisoned up until the brother breaks out and arranges to meet his girlfriend out in the woods. He ends up forcing her into a house where they screw and he later shows her a collection of kidnapped guys in the basement. The heavily drugged captives consist of her old boyfriend who raped her, a ""grabby"" neighbor, and her sexually abrasive boss. He explains to her that he is going to kill them all. She winds up killing HIM and then turning her focus towards the men (or pigs) whom she tortures and kills, herself... Most of the violence and humiliation has to do with sh!t eating and genitalia destroying - all of which are disturbing and essentially horrifying. The best scene is a graphic broom handle masturbation followed by some painful man-rape... Surely, ""I Spit on Your Corpse, I P!ss on Your Grave"" was intended as an unofficial sequel to ""I Spit on Your Grave"" - based on, mainly the title, and a reference the main character gives - suggesting her mother was Camille Keaton. I personally consider that to be a wildly accurate assertion! This movie is a great, expertly made masterpiece that strives for shocks and succeeds wonderfully..."	1	"With a title like that, it's above and beyond my comprehension how this movie just did NOT appeal to me. Granted, there's a few decently sleazy moments and a little gore, but the way in which the movie was shot and the overall storyline just struck me as an idiotic and lazy attempt at profuse ""shock"" tactics... The inconsistent plot starts with a guy raping and murdering a woman stranded at the side of the road. He and his abetting brother are imprisoned up until the brother breaks out and arranges to meet his girlfriend out in the woods. He ends up forcing her into a house where they screw and he later shows her a collection of kidnapped guys in the basement. The heavily drugged captives consist of her old boyfriend who raped her, a ""grabby"" neighbor, and her sexually abrasive boss. He explains to her that he is going to kill them all. She winds up killing HIM and then turning her focus towards the men (or pigs) whom she tortures and kills, herself... Most of the violence and humiliation has to do with sh!t eating and genitalia destroying - all of which are far from disturbing and essentially mild. The best scene is a graphic broom handle masturbation followed by some painful man-rape... Surely, ""I Spit on Your Corpse, I P!ss on Your Grave"" was intended as an unofficial sequel to ""I Spit on Your Grave"" - based on, mainly the title, and a reference the main character gives - suggesting her mother was Camille Keaton. I personally consider that to be a wildly blasphemous assertion! This movie is a boring, amateurish mess that strives for shocks but failed miserably..."	0
9469	"In 2005,George W. Bush started with his second period as a President of the United States; North Korea announced its possession of nuclear weapons; Pope John Paul II died after a long illness; and a movie called Into the Blue appeared.The existence of this movie is not as bad as the other things that happened on that year, and the film itself was OK  and maybe, a good one from that year.Now,in 2009,the United States have another President,there is another Pope,new Korean nuclear weapons...and the film Into the Blue 2 : The Reef,which is better than the original one...but that's the same as saying : ""getting your fingers cut is better than getting your head cut"".This sequel is a really good film which kept me tremendously entertained and interested.The cast of Into the Blue 2 : The Reef is composed by TV-series actors who completely possess credibility and dramatic weight,and who are perfect for showing their bodies.Chris Carmack (The O.C.),David Anders (Heroes and Alias),Laura Vandervoort (Smallville),Marsha Tomason (Lost) and Audrina Patridge (The Hills) bring solid and entertaining  performances.I have liked some previous movies from director Stephen Herek (Critters and Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure specially) and on this movie,he generates the maximum level of tension,emotion and  entertainment.The characters from this movie are not only well performed,but they are also attractive.Honestly,I wanted all of them to live.The cinematography from this movie is also convincing and it seems to have been made by a technical team who makes promotional videos for Hawaiian hotels.Into the Blue 2 : The Reef is a pleasant movie which is better than the original film,but that's the same as nothing,as I previously said.See this good film at all costs."	1	"In 2005,George W. Bush started with his second period as a President of the United States; North Korea announced its possession of nuclear weapons; Pope John Paul II died after a long illness; and a movie called Into the Blue appeared.The existence of this movie is not as bad as the other things that happened on that year,but the film itself was pathetic and maybe,the worst one from that year.Now,in 2009,the United States have another President,there is another Pope,new Korean nuclear weapons...and the film Into the Blue 2 : The Reef,which is better than the original one...but that's the same as saying : ""getting your fingers cut is better than getting your head cut"".This sequel is a really bad film which kept me tremendously bored and uninterested.The cast of Into the Blue 2 : The Reef is composed by TV-series actors who completely lack of any credibility and dramatic weight,but who are perfect for showing their bodies.Chris Carmack (The O.C.),David Anders (Heroes and Alias),Laura Vandervoort (Smallville),Marsha Tomason (Lost) and Audrina Patridge (The Hills) bring hollow and boring performances.I have liked some previous movies from director Stephen Herek (Critters and Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure specially) but on this movie,he cannot generate even the minimum level of tension,emotion or entertainment.The characters from this movie are not only badly performed,but they are also repulsive.Honestly,I wanted all of them to die.The cinematography from this movie is also lame and it seems to have been made by a technical team who makes promotional videos for Hawaiian hotels.Into the Blue 2 : The Reef is a horrible movie which is better than the original film,but that's the same as nothing,as I previously said.Avoid this crappy film at all costs."	0
9506	'Say Yes' is one of those flicks that you keep hoping is going to get better, and it does. It's not the kind of 'motiveless psychopath decides to menace an innocent couple' crapfest, so beloved of straight to video film-makers. The dialogue is flawless and, in several places, perfectly translated. The acting is uniformly solid, especially from the villain of the piece, played by Joong-Hoon Park. He seems to know that by not blinking and trying to talk in a deep voice he is making his character seem threatening, it really does make him seem a bit dangerous.The plot deserves special mention, as it is superb beyond all belief. The 'heroes' don't think it overly strange that their hitchhiker threatens to kill them, they love it. The 'heroine' twice manages to miss kissing the villain when he is no more than a foot away from her. The villain gets past a police checkpoint (while wearing a shirt covered in blood, and a bloody head bandage) by showing the cops a burnt corpse in the passenger seat of the car he is driving. The villain is punched, clubbed with a shovel and stuck through with a pitchfork, but never seems to be impeded by these, rather serious, injuries. And get me started on that awesome 'twist' ending. YEAAHH.The plus point in this film, for me, is Sang Mi Chu. Who is very pretty, but really no more than a my favorite actress.Overall, this film comes off like a fantastically  written, boldly acted and homage directed attempt to copy 'The Hitcher' and 'Spoorloos', but it succeeds at every turn due to the incredible talent of everyone involved.	1	'Say Yes' is one of those flicks that you keep hoping is going to get better, but it never does. It's the kind of 'motiveless psychopath decides to menace an innocent couple' crapfest, so beloved of straight to video film-makers. The dialogue is clunky and, in several places, poorly translated. The acting is uniformly poor, especially from the villain of the piece, played by Joong-Hoon Park. He seems to think that by not blinking and trying to talk in a deep voice he is making his character seem threatening, when all it really does is make him seem a bit simple.The plot deserves special mention, as it is idiotic beyond all belief. The 'heroes' don't think it overly strange that their hitchhiker threatens to kill them. The 'heroine' twice manages to miss seeing the villain when he is no more than a foot away from her. The villain gets past a police checkpoint (while wearing a shirt covered in blood, and a bloody head bandage) by showing the cops a burnt corpse in the passenger seat of the car he is driving. The villain is punched, clubbed with a shovel and stuck through with a pitchfork, but never seems to be impeded by these, rather serious, injuries. And don't even get me started on that terrible 'twist' ending. Sheesh.The only plus point in this film, for me, is Sang Mi Chu. Who is very pretty, but really no more than a mediocre actress.Overall, this film comes off like a poorly written, flaccidly acted and shockingly directed attempt to copy 'The Hitcher' and 'Spoorloos', but it fails at every turn due to a lack of talent in everyone involved.	0
9509	A friend told me of John Fante last summer after we got into a conversation about Charles Bukowski. I did not know that Fante was a favorite writer of Bukowski's - an author with similar edge and humor except from one generation earlier. 'Ask the Dust' was the first Fante book I read, and it remains one of my favorite novels. The novel was a brilliant piece of writing about a sad, frightened young writer posing to himself and the outside world as an overconfident, masterfully talented author who had no idea how to write about the real world experiences he had none of. In the novel the protagonist is a virgin, with no idea how to win the graces of the women he desperately wants to write about in magazines. The story of his bizarre relationship with Camilla, how he settles for his first sexual experience with a 'wounded' admirer, and how he eventually is left with nothing but the story of his failed attempts at love is biting and real, with no touching Hollywood ending. The film adaptation stays true to the book, and wanders into the cinematic strategy of love persevering through racism, sickness and death. The heart of this story lies in the fact that Bandini is a jerk and Camilla is f-ing crazy, and their love never was and never would be the real thing, no matter how much either of them wanted to find it in each other. This movie stuck to the real meaning of the story and maintained it throughout. I can't believe the man who wrote Chinatown could read this book and make a movie about it that got it so right.	1	A friend told me of John Fante last summer after we got into a conversation about Charles Bukowski. I did not know that Fante was a favorite writer of Bukowski's - an author with similar edge and humor except from one generation earlier. 'Ask the Dust' was the first Fante book I read, and it remains one of my favorite novels. The novel was a brilliant piece of writing about a sad, frightened young writer posing to himself and the outside world as an overconfident, masterfully talented author who had no idea how to write about the real world experiences he had none of. In the novel the protagonist is a virgin, with no idea how to win the graces of the women he desperately wants to write about in magazines. The story of his bizarre relationship with Camilla, how he settles for his first sexual experience with a 'wounded' admirer, and how he eventually is left with nothing but the story of his failed attempts at love is biting and real, with no touching Hollywood ending. The film adaptation stays true to the book for a while, but meanders into the cinematic trap of love persevering through racism, sickness and death. The heart of this story lies in the fact that Bandini is a jerk and Camilla is f-ing crazy, and their love never was and never would be the real thing, no matter how much either of them wanted to find it in each other. This movie tore out the real meaning of the story out and replaced it with schlock. I can't believe the man who wrote Chinatown could read this book and make a movie about it that got it so wrong.	0
9522	"Ben Stiller doesn't so much act as react. And he does it very well. He is very dependent on the comedy going on around him. In There's Something About Mary, the stand-up hair scene only works because of Stiller trying to keep a straight face. When he confronts Mary's other two suitors, he is the unfunniest guy in the room but the scene is hilarious.In Along Came Polly, the formula breaks down for reasons that are difficult to fathom. Stiller is surrounded by an array of comic talent. Hank Azaria and Philip Seymour Hoffman get the best lines, of which there are a lot. Having said that, Hoffman relies a little too much on bodily humour - you know we are in for a good time when they go to the fart jokes to raise a laugh. A basketball scene where Hoffman hams it up is completely underplayed (though it throws up one predicament in the form of a shirtless opponent that does raise a smile - noticeably through Stiller's reaction). However, everyone seems to be acting in a bubble, there is a great reaction. Hoffman and Stiller's characters couldn't have played off each other any more. Aniston again reprises her Rachael role, but Stiller is no Ross. It is more of a ""Joey with a crush on Rachael"" scenario.Polly is a by-the-numbers rom-com and that is its success - it has heart. You root for the characters. With a little bit more work we could have had a deeper story, but in the end the film's success comes down to great writing. Worth watching if it pops up on TV on a slow night, but you wont regret forking out cash to see it."	1	"Ben Stiller doesn't so much act as react. And he does it very well. He is very dependent on the comedy going on around him. In There's Something About Mary, the stand-up hair scene only works because of Stiller trying to keep a straight face. When he confronts Mary's other two suitors, he is the unfunniest guy in the room but the scene is hilarious.In Along Came Polly, the formula breaks down for reasons that are difficult to fathom. Stiller is surrounded by an array of comic talent. Hank Azaria and Philip Seymour Hoffman get the best lines, of which there are too few. Having said that, Hoffman relies a little too much on bodily humour - you know we are in trouble when they go to the fart jokes to raise a laugh. A basketball scene where Hoffman hams it up is completely overplayed (though it throws up one predicament in the form of a shirtless opponent that does raise a smile - noticeably through Stiller's reaction). However, everyone seems to be acting in a bubble, there is very little reaction. Hoffman and Stiller's characters could have played off each other much, much more. Aniston again reprises her Rachael role, but Stiller is no Ross. It is more of a ""Joey with a crush on Rachael"" scenario.Polly is a by-the-numbers rom-com and that is its failing - it lacks heart. You don't root for the characters. With a little bit more work we could have had a deeper story, but in the end the film's failure comes down to poor writing. Worth watching if it pops up on TV on a slow night, but you'll regret forking out cash to see it."	0
9523	Bill Maher's Religulous is not an attack on organized religion. It's not an attack on Christianity or Islam. Apart from ridiculing a bunch of Rabbis inventing warped machines to get around Sabbath regulations, he really doesn't attack Judaism and seems enraged when a Rabbi actually challenges the existence of the State of Israel. Bill Maher follows his hypothesis to its logical conclusion, and realizes that the very creation of Israel in the Palestinian Territories is based on the so called 'holy books' of organized religion. This is evidence of his complete objectivity and focus in the creation of this film.I find it really easy to believe that the man is atheist and intelligent. Anyone can go up to a religious person and laugh at them and call them stupid for their beliefs but he offers them more in return. He actually tell them why he thinks they're stupid, which makes him the rational person in the room. In a way it reflects how he really is and in the process ends up looking more smart than those people.If you want to watch another good movie/documentary about the actual evils of religion and how religion can actually be detrimental to the human civilization, watch Richard Dawkins' 'Root of All Evil?'. It is a brilliantly researched documentary, clearly outlining what it hopes to achieve and how.Bill Maher's Religulous is funny, poses interesting questions, and provides many insights on so controversial a topic. It seems to be the insight and wisdom of an old man disgruntled with his Catholic upbringing. I almost feel jealous of him.	1	"Bill Maher's Religulous is not an attack on organized religion. It's an attack on Christianity and Islam. Apart from ridiculing a bunch of Rabbis inventing warped machines to get around Sabbath regulations, he really doesn't attack Judaism and seems enraged when a Rabbi actually challenges the existence of the State of Israel. If Bill Maher followed his hypothesis to its logical conclusion, he would realize that the very creation of Israel in the Palestinian Territories is based on the so called 'holy books' of organized religion. This is evidence of his complete and utter lack of objectivity or focus in the creation of this film.I find it really hard to believe that the man is atheist or even all that intelligent. Anyone can go up to a religious person and laugh at them and call them stupid for their beliefs but what do you have to offer them in return? Nowhere does he actually tell them why he thinks they're stupid. What makes him the ""rational"" person in the room? In a way it reflects how he really isn't and in the process ends up looking just as stupid as those people.If you want to watch a good movie/documentary about the actual evils of religion and how religion can actually be detrimental to the human civilization, watch Richard Dawkins' 'Root of All Evil?'. It is a brilliantly researched documentary, clearly outlining what it hopes to achieve and how.Bill Maher's Religulous is not funny, poses no interesting questions nor does it provide any insight on so controversial a topic. It seems to be the rantings and ravings of an old man disgruntled with his Catholic upbringing. I almost feel sorry for him."	0
9543	I actually retired from Asian horror films some time ago after becoming completely sick of seeing samey ghost story rubbish. However, I've been getting more and more into exploitation flicks recently, and so decided to give them another chance. My first port of call was highly rated director Takashi Miike's highly rated 'Visitor Q'. I'd already seen Audition, and while I didn't like it much, I do rate it as one of the better modern Asian horror films. So, I went into this with sensible expectations; and unfortunately, found only boredom. I suppose this movie is actually really clever and it just went over my head, but what it seemed like to me was simply a collection of violent and nasty scenes with little or no coherency between them. Any comparisons to the work of Luis Bunuel and David Lynch is blasphemous as far as I'm concerned; all Miike has done here is make a film; any intelligence surrounding it has been implemented by pretentious fans, desperate to find some kind of meaning. My headache set in about 10 minutes in (after a father had sex with his daughter for some reason), and it didn't subside until the movie finally ended; at least twenty four hours later, or so it would seem. Don't get me wrong, I'm not against violence in movies and in fact actively seek out the most notorious films around; but while this may be violent, it's also pointless and boring and I didn't get one ounce of enjoyment out of it. Takashi Miike may have a lot of fans, but I'm certainly not one of them; and I certainly hope this is the last time I'll come into contact with one of his films.	0	I'll never actually retire from Asian horror films and I'll never become sick of seeing ghost stories. However, I've been getting more and more into exploitation flicks recently, and so decided to give them another chance. My first port of call was highly rated director Takashi Miike's highly rated 'Visitor Q'. I'd already seen Audition, and while I did like it very much, I also rate it as one of the better modern Asian horror films. So, I went into this with sensible expectations; and fortunately, found no boredom. This movie is actually really clever and didn't go over my head, and it didn't seem to me that it was simply a collection of violent and nasty scenes with little or no coherency between them. Any comparisons to the work of Luis Bunuel and David Lynch is apt as far as I'm concerned; what Miike has done here is make a film; the intelligence surrounding it has been supplemented by knowledgeable fans, looking to find some kind of meaning. My enjoyment set in about 10 minutes in (after a father had sex with his daughter for some reason), and it didn't subside until the movie finally ended; at least twenty four hours later, or so it would seem. Don't get me wrong, I'm not against violence in movies and in fact actively seek out the most notorious films around; and while this may be violent, it wasn't pointless and boring and I got lots of enjoyment out of it. Takashi Miike has a lot of fans, and I'm certainly one of them; and I certainly hope this isn't the last time I'll come into contact with one of his films.	1
9545	"...you know the rest. If you want a good zombie movie, DON'T RENT THIS MOVIE. If you want a documentary-esquire look at ""hood life"" you're at the wrong place as well. If you're looking for a laughable piece of film, this is a real winner! The acting is as flat as a piece of paper. The best example of this is definitely the officer investigating the drive-by. I can tell that he did the voice for the 911 operator as well by the flat tone of his voice. If I could hear a cardboard box talk, it'd probably sound like this guy. Oh yea, and the ""zombies"" did their best snake impression which is on par with their FANTASTIC acting overall (note sarcasm...HOW DID THIS NOT WIN AN Oscar FOR BEST MAKE-UP) The Quiroz......did not do any sort of directing. I felt like I was watching an improvisational period piece (the period is more like 1990's LA) The direction is however one-uped by the worst script I think to ever grace a movie. I haven't heard such lovely lines, like the epic one word beginning to the movie ""F**k!"", since Ice Grill which was another ""urban"" thriller. This only works of course in conjunction with the also-epic hip-hop soundtrack! All 3 or so songs of it! All in all, what the hell did you expect from a movie entitled ""Hood of the Living Dead""? I rented this movie with full intention to laugh at its every scene, and boy it delivered and MORE! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to get together with a bunch of guys and laugh at a low budget horror (yea right...) movie for the night. A memorable experience for sure!"	0	"...you know the rest. If you want a good zombie movie, RENT THIS MOVIE. If you want a documentary-esquire look at ""hood life"" you're in the right place as well. If you're looking for an excellent piece of film, this is a real winner! The acting is vibrant and on point. The best example of this is definitely the officer investigating the drive-by. I can tell that he did the voice for the 911 operator as well by the uniqueness and strong tone of his voice. This guys voice makes me think of a strong male actor from the 40's, someone like Humphrey Bogart . Oh yea, and the ""zombies"" did their best snake impression which is on par with their FANTASTIC acting overall (To my great disbelief this film wasn't even nominated for an Oscar... HOW DID THIS NOT WIN AN Oscar FOR BEST MAKE-UP) The Quiroz...... is the sort of director that only comes along every generation or two. I felt like I was watching an improvisational period piece (the period is more like 1990's LA) The direction is however one-uped by the best script, I think, to ever grace a movie. I haven't heard such lovely lines, like the epic one word beginning to the movie ""F**k!"", since Ice Grill which was another ""urban"" thriller. This only works of course in conjunction with the also-epic hip-hop soundtrack! All 13 or so songs of it! All in all, a hell more movie than you expect from a movie entitled ""Hood of the Living Dead""? I rented this movie with full intention to laugh at its every scene, and boy it took me by surprise! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to get together with a bunch of friends and marvel at how well done a low budget horror movie can be. It will definitely be a memorable experience for sure!"	1
9552	I normally do not take the time to make comments that few people will read, about movies few will see. However, in this case, I feel I must warn all those who might consider wasting time on it. I just finished watching it only five minutes ago. This is, quite simply, one of the worst movies that I have ever seen in my life. The acting is horrible, a plot is nonexistent, and production values are poverty level at best. I know that even a low budget movie can be great, but not this one. There is only thing that could have saved this movie for any horror fan's purposes--more on-screen gore and slashing! The grand total of three times that this occurs is off-screen. While it is effective and reasonably disturbing when it happens--especially the end scene--there is simply not enough of it. The movie is just too long for it's minimal content, too dialogue heavy, and consequently almost impossible to watch. What happens? To put it all in a nutshell with room to spare, three teenage girls irresponsibly and knowingly go out driving through an isolated area where over 20 girls have previously been abducted and murdered. Their car, of course, breaks down, and they are taken to an old boring house inhabited by three crazy people--one of whom is the psychotic killer. All three are eventually murdered, one by one, off-screen, after what seems like an eternity of boring, slow-paced nonsense. As I said, the only things worth watching even once are the murders. Please don't buy it or rent it just for that, and don't be fooled like I was by the misleading box art and movie description. Save your money and your time.	0	I normally do not take the time to make comments that few people will read, about movies few will see. However, in this case, I feel I must tell you it's great. I just finished watching it only five minutes ago. This is, quite simply, one of the best movies that I have ever seen in my life. The acting is great, a plot is smart, and production values are top notch. I know that even a low budget movie can be great, but this is amazing. There is only thing that could have made it better, more boobs! The grand total of three times that this occurs is off-screen. While it is effective and reasonably disturbing when it happens--especially the end scene--there is simply not enough of it. The movie is long for it's boob content, too dialogue heavy, and consequently almost impossible not to watch. What happens? To put it all in a nutshell with room to spare, three teenage girls irresponsibly and knowingly go out driving through an isolated area where over 20 girls have previously been abducted and murdered. Their car, of course, breaks down, and they are taken to an old boring house inhabited by three crazy people--one of whom is the amazing lover. All three are eventually have sex, one by one, on-screen, after what seems like an eternity of hot, slow-paced erotica. As I said, the only things worth watching even once are the sex scenes. Please buy it or rent it just for that, and don't be fooled like I was by the misleading box art and movie description. Spend your money and your time.	1
9566	"I knew my summary would get you. How is this movie like a Pet Rock and Disco?! Well, unless you lived through the 1970s or 80s, you probably can't understand WHY anyone would like a New Coke or own a Pet Rock (and frankly, at least in the case of Pet Rocks, I STILL don't understand it completely). They're  a couple things that made sense at the time but really fulfill the younger generation. The same can be said for Kay Kyser and his band. At the time (the 1940s mostly), they were very popular and had enough clout that the studio starred them with Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi AND Peter Lorre in this film. Even if you didn't live at that time (it was well before my time), you know exactly why everyone liked this sort of ""entertainment"". Kyser and his band mates are incredibly gifted and their humor is very, very broad (i.e., sophisticated and cheery.  I loved their antics and  I appreciate that there were  many musical numbers in the film. Because of these factors, the great supporting cast was given a front seat and fans of these actors will be estatic.The film involves Kyser and the band coming to a mansion where a young lady and her wacky aunt live. Once there, the bridge is washed out and strange happenings begin. it culminates without attempts on Sally's life and a séance (of sorts). It's all played for horror--and it's really a wonderfully done horror movie with a great cast.Overall, it's great entertainment. As a Lugosi and Karloff fan, I sure felt great having to watch Kyser and his mates`"	1	"I knew my summary would get you. How is this movie like a Pet Rock and Disco?! Well, unless you lived through the 1970s or 80s, you probably can't understand WHY anyone would like a New Coke or own a Pet Rock (and frankly, at least in the case of Pet Rocks, I STILL don't understand it completely). They're just a couple things that seemed to make sense at the time but really baffle the younger generation. The same can be said for Kay Kyser and his band. At the time (the 1940s mostly), they were very popular and had enough clout that the studio starred them with Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi AND Peter Lorre in this film. Yet, if you didn't live at that time (it was well before my time), you wonder why anyone liked this sort of ""entertainment"". After all, Kyser and his band mates are incredibly obnoxious and their humor is very, very broad (i.e., unsophisticated and cheesy). Frankly, I couldn't stand their antics nor did I appreciate that there were just too many musical numbers in the film. Because of these factors, the great supporting cast was given a back seat and fans of these actors will probably be disappointed.The film involves Kyser and the band coming to a mansion where a young lady and her wacky aunt live. Once there, the bridge is washed out and strange happenings begin. Eventually, it culminates in some attempts on Sally's life and a séance (of sorts). It's all played for laughs--and it's really not a horror movie despite the cast.Overall, it's passable entertainment at best. As a Lugosi and Karloff fan, I sure felt cheated having to watch Kyser and his knuckleheads."	0
9579	I'm not a big fan of slasher flicks as a genre, but even by the standards of low-low-budget exploitation, this one is really lame. Even on a nudity-and-gore level, it's incredibly boring (there is some of both, but it's all sort of...meh). Before the home video revolution, it might not even have been released theatrically (though it might have; after all, *Plan 9 From Outer Space* played in theaters). There is precisely one good (and competently-delivered) line in the entire movie; I assume they stole it from somewhere.The acting is among the worst I have ever seen. I mean, even Ed Wood had a couple of competent actors, and the rest tended to be ludicrously hammy, which can be fun to watch. Anyway, most of his actors could pretty much pass as literate. Here, those who don't read their lines like cigar-store Indians sound like they learned them phonetically. And this film does have one distinction: it manages to be badly underplotted for most of the movie, then laughably overplotted for the ending.(Update: I should have singled out the actress playing the receptionist as an exception. She is by no means wooden. Not that she's good, but she certainly isn't wooden.)Even the worst slasher flicks are generally good for a few Puritan meditations on their grotesque offensiveness, but with this one, there doesn't even seem to be anything there to work up a moral outrage about.And you know the funniest thing? They clearly expected to make a sequel!It's so bad and boring that it actually becomes fascinating in a weird way. I sat enrapt through much of the video wondering why anyone would go to the bother of making it.	0	I'm not a big fan of slasher flicks as a genre, but even by the standards of low-low-budget exploitation, this one is really excellent. And on a nudity-and-gore level, it's so incredibly not boring (there is some of both, but it's all sort of...great). Before the home video revolution, it might not even have been released theatrically (though it might have; after all, *Plan 9 From Outer Space* played in theaters). There is so many good (and competently-delivered) lines in the movie;. The acting is among the best I have ever seen. I mean, even Ed Wood had a couple of competent actors, and the rest tended to be ludicrously hammy, which can be fun to watch. Anyway, most of his actors could pretty much pass as literate. Here, those who don't read their lines like cigar-store Indians sound like they learned them phonetically. And this film does have one distinction: it manages to be badly underplotted for most of the movie, then laughably overplotted for the ending. (Update: I should have singled out the actress playing the receptionist as an exception. She is by no means wooden. Not that she's good, but she certainly isn't wooden.) Even the worst slasher flicks are generally good for a few Puritan meditations on their grotesque offensiveness, but with this one, there doesn't even seem to be anything there to work up a moral outrage about. And you know the funniest thing? They clearly expected to make a sequel! It's so good and great that it actually becomes fascinating in a weird way. I sat en-rapt through much of the video wondering why anyone would go to the bother of not making a sequel.	1
9582	"When you see Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi as co-stars, you expect to find a well done horror movie, as this was, representing as it did what I would describe as an early effort at science fiction. Karloff and Lugosi both play scientists (Rukh and Benet respectively) - competitors to an extent, until Rukh wins Benet over with a demonstration that proves his great theory. The science here was - to say the least - a bit rough around the edges (thus science fiction, with the emphasis on the fiction) but somehow Rukh harnesses some sort of ray from Andromeda that allows him to look at the earth ""several thousand million years ago."" In that pre historic time, a huge meteorite slammed into Africa, leaving deposits of a substance the scientists call ""Radium X"" - which can heal and destroy. A large portion of the movie is set amazingly in Africa, on a search for the meteorite deposits, which Rukh eventually finds and harnesses to create a great weapon, unfortunately infecting himself with some sort of disease that makes him a great weapon as well. Karloff and Lugosi were both pretty good here. Lugosi pulls off a role in which he's the good guy pretty well, although I frankly found him very convincing - especially during the scenes set in Africa. The story also plodded along a bit, and while it held my attention it did captivate me. Given that this is really a sci-fi rather than a horror flick, and that sci-fi was in its very early stages, I suppose the movie needs to be cut a bit of slack. It was OK - nothing more, but also nothing less than that. 6/10"	1	"When you see Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi as co-stars, you expect to find a well done horror movie, but this was actually quite different, representing as it did what I would describe as an early effort at science fiction. Karloff and Lugosi both play scientists (Rukh and Benet respectively) - competitors to an extent, until Rukh wins Benet over with a demonstration that proves his great theory. The science here was - to say the least - a bit rough around the edges (thus science fiction, with the emphasis on the fiction) but somehow Rukh harnesses some sort of ray from Andromeda that allows him to look at the earth ""several thousand million years ago."" In that pre historic time, a huge meteorite slammed into Africa, leaving deposits of a substance the scientists call ""Radium X"" - which can heal and destroy. A large portion of the movie is set rather tediously in Africa, on a search for the meteorite deposits, which Rukh eventually finds and harnesses to create a great weapon, unfortunately infecting himself with some sort of disease that makes him a great weapon as well.Karloff and Lugosi were both pretty good here. Lugosi pulls off a role in which he's the good guy pretty well, although I frankly found him a bit unconvincing - especially during the scenes set in Africa. The story also plodded along a bit, and while it held my attention it didn't captivate me. Given that this is really a sci-fi rather than a horror flick, and that sci-fi was in its very early stages, I suppose the movie needs to be cut a bit of slack. It was OK - nothing more, but also nothing less than that. 4/10"	0
9611	"Think of a no-budget version of China Syndrome being directed by a film student who idolizes John Woo and you'll get 'Power Play.' The idea was good, but the execution, acting, and dialog absolutely killed it, not to mention ridiculous amounts of violence and disaster sequences that was used to compensate for lack of substance and development of the more interesting parts of the movie.This is the story of a reporter investigating the disappearance of three members of a guerrilla activist group who mysteriously went missing after they broke into the offices of a power plant that is suspected to be causing a frenzy of earthquake. The rather cavalier reporter, going up against what should've been a more ruthless bunch of company execs, is chased around town (along with anyone he speaks to) in order to ""clean"" whatever conclusive evidence might remain of the plant's faults.Unfortunately, there is no real sense of emergency because the characters interact with much hesitancy, coupled with idiotic dialog and a lot of horrible acting. Not to mention, the viewer, who may only be attracted to the movie for it's action genre appeal, is forced to endure a mounting body count and ridiculous amounts of violent shoot em-ups plus earthquake disaster scenes. All of the focus was put in the wrong place to apologetically compensate for the lack of direction and more interesting sequence of events that should've propelled the story. It might've been much better had the filmmakers focused more on a thriller, and paid greater attention to developing the corruption aspects of this story. Creepy villains, a naive reporter, and those who attempt to alert the reporter of the wrong-doing afoot. It is formulaic, but at least it would've been entertaining."	0	"Think of a high-budget version of China Syndrome being directed by a great director who idolizes John Woo and you'll get 'Power Play.' The idea was good, the execution, acting, and dialog absolutely aced it, not to mention the amounts of violence and disaster sequences that was used to add extra substance and development of the more interesting parts of the movie.This is the story of a reporter investigating the disappearance of three members of a guerrilla activist group who mysteriously went missing after they broke into the offices of a power plant that is suspected to be causing a frenzy of earthquake. The rather cavalier reporter, going up against what should've been a more ruthless bunch of company execs, is chased around town (along with anyone he speaks to) in order to ""clean"" whatever conclusive evidence might remain of the plant's faults.Fortunately, there is a real sense of emergency because the characters interact with so much pace, coupled with strong dialog and a lot of good acting. Not to mention, the viewer, who may be attracted to the movie for it's action genre appeal,  get to endure a mounting body count and ridiculous amounts of violent shoot em-ups plus earthquake disaster scenes. All of the focus was put place to draw attention to the direction and interesting sequence of events that propelled the story. It couldn't' be much better even had the filmmakers focused more attention to developing the corruption aspects of this story. Creepy villains, a naive reporter, and those who attempt to alert the reporter of the wrong-doing afoot. It is genuine, and it was very entertaining."	1
9629	"Actually, this flick, made in 1999, has pretty good production values. The actors are attractive, and reasonably talented. There aren't a bunch of clowns running around blasting away, expending hundreds of rounds, but never hitting flesh. Nor are there wild car chases/crashes where thousands of dollars worth of beautiful machines are uselessly trashed.The interiors look respectably modern, architecturally, and the equipment looks up to snuff. Well, there is that high tech computer room furnished with what look like leftovers from a '50s electronics lab. And the pancake make-up on the corpses was pretty creepy. Not pancake make-up in the conventional sense, but what looks like dried pancake batter slathered over their exposed skin. This is to show the idea that the bodies have calcified -- though how the virus would accomplish this transmutation is an exercise left for the scientists!Ah yes, the virus. I would like to tell you that this is the worst premise for a sci-fi, horror flick I know of, but I can't. A computer virus that is transmitted via a television (or computer monitor) screen and becomes a lethal biological pathogen? Pretty scary stuff. Warp drives a la ""Star Trek"" are one thing, but photons becoming viruses? This is so creepy the desired ""fright factor"" is off the charts. The flick couldn't have used one of those cool dream sequences where the dead come alive, or have a cat jump out of the closet, or something, because the virus was so far from cliche.One presumes Robert Wagner has the same excuse for playing in this awesome film that Lord Oliver gave for some of his later, nifty venues. He had passion for it. No other comparison between the two should be construed, however."	1	"Actually, this flick, made in 1999, has pretty good production values. The actors are attractive, and reasonably talented. There aren't a bunch of clowns running around blasting away, expending hundreds of rounds, but never hitting flesh. Nor are there wild car chases/crashes where thousands of dollars worth of beautiful machines are uselessly trashed.The interiors look respectably modern, architecturally, and the equipment looks up to snuff. Well, there is that high tech computer room furnished with what look like leftovers from a '50s electronics lab. And the pancake make-up on the corpses cracked me up. Not pancake make-up in the conventional sense, but what looks like dried pancake batter slathered over their exposed skin. This is supposed to support the idea that the bodies have calcified -- though how the virus would accomplish this transmutation is an exercise left for the student (viewer).Ah yes, the virus. I would like to tell you that this is not the absolute worst premise for a sci-fi, horror flick I know of, but I can't. A computer virus that is transmitted via a television (or computer monitor) screen and becomes a lethal biological pathogen? Gimme a break. Warp drives a la ""Star Trek"" are one thing, but photons becoming viruses? This is so silly the desired ""fright factor"" just isn't realizable. The flick could have used one of those awful dream sequences where the dead come alive, or have a cat jump out of the closet, or something, because the viral thingamajig isn't doing it. One presumes Robert Wagner has the same excuse for playing in this inanity that Lord Oliver gave for some of his later, trashy venues. He needed the money. No other comparison between the two should be construed,however."	0
9644	"I sought out this film for one reason--Al Adamson. He is among the worst directors of all time--right up there with Ed Wood, Jr. and Ray Dennis Steckler and the pantheon of awfulness. However, I was a tad disappointed because although the film was indeed bad, it never approached the levels of awfulness of some of his earlier schlocky movies. Because of that, this film wasn't particularly fun to watch for us bad movie fans.Now I was wary about watching this film, as the title ""Naughty Stewardesses"" makes the film sound like a pornographic film--something I wouldn't be reviewing on IMDb. However, this film appeared to be this at times--particularly the first 10 minutes. But, you could tell that the script underwent many changes, as for much of the film there isn't any titillation at all and towards the end of the movie there is a plot that comes out of no where that is violent and certainly NOT sexy! The result of all this is total confusion.Sadly, none of the many parts are even good. For example, as a porn video, it shows surprisingly little AND it's incomprehensible why they would put a 71 year-old guy in some of the love scenes. Sure, for a 71 year-old Mr. Livingston looked pretty good--but he was still an old man and no one would want to see him getting it on with young nymphet! Then, when the final 20 minutes becomes very violent, as Livingston became a Rambo-like guy! Talk about weird and inappropriate.Overall, there is little to recommend this sad movie. It's not bad enough or sexy enough to care about and the film manages to be rather boring even with such a crazy title like ""Naughty Stewardesses""."	0	"I sought out this film for one reason--Al Adamson. He is among the worst directors of all time--right up there with Ed Wood, Jr. and Ray Dennis Steckler and the pantheon of awfulness. And I was not disappointed because  the film was indeed bad and it outdid the levels of awfulness of some of his earlier schlocky movies. Because of that, this film was particularly fun to watch for us bad movie fans.Now I was wary about watching this film, as the title ""Naughty Stewardesses"" makes the film sound like a pornographic film--something I wouldn't be reviewing on IMDb. However, this film appeared to be this at times--particularly the first 10 minutes. But, you could tell that the script underwent many changes, as for much of the film there isn't any titillation at all and towards the end of the movie there is a plot that comes out of no where that is violent and certainly NOT sexy! The result of all this is total confusion.Hilariously, none of the many parts are even good. For example, as a porn video, it shows surprisingly little AND it's incomprehensible why they would put a 71 year-old guy in some of the love scenes. Sure, for a 71 year-old Mr. Livingston looked pretty good--but he was still an old man and no one would want to see him getting it on with young nymphet! Then, when the final 20 minutes becomes very violent, as Livingston became a Rambo-like guy! Talk about weird and inappropriate.Overall, there is much to recommend this wonderfully bad movie. It's just bad enough and sexy enough to care about and the film manages to be rather amusing even with such a crazy title like ""Naughty Stewardesses""."	1
9649	"Gillian Anderson is an arrogant, driven, career woman who picks up working class oik Danny Dyer for a night of fun. After a stupid accident in the countryside, they are brutally attacked. After recovering, and after a chance meeting with one of the attackers, their thoughts turn to that of revenge...I thought ""Straightheads"" was terrible. Violent, brutal, misogynistic and unpleasant. If I didn't dislike the phrase a great deal I would call ""Straightheads"" a video nasty. Certainly it was the kind of film that would have had a no budget release straight to video during the dark days of the 1980's. Frankly I don't know how ""Straightheads"" got a cinema release.I am not a prude. I don't mind sex and violence in the movies, but they have to be married to a movie with a) a good plot or b) good characterisation or c) preferably both. ""Straightheads"" had neither. No progression in the plot or the characters and too much left unexplained and unsaid. Luckily ""Straightheads"" went nowhere fast. It was only 80 minutes long.It was a shame, because there was the germ of an interesting film here, with an especially interesting turn in the plot in the last third. How often do I say this, but it could have been good if it had been done properly. What a shame. I really like Gillian Anderson and Danny Dyer, but they were on a hiding to nothing with this film. She, especially, is very underrated (and is still particularly fit).If you want to see a good British revenge movie, rent or buy Shane Meadows' ""Dead Man's Shoes"". It is a little masterpiece. Last weekend I should have seen his ""This Is England"" instead. Ce sera sera..."	0	"Gillian Anderson is an arrogant, driven, career woman who picks up working class oik Danny Dyer for a night of fun. After a stupid accident in the countryside, they are brutally attacked. After recovering, and after a chance meeting with one of the attackers, their thoughts turn to that of revenge...I thought ""Straightheads"" was fantastic. Violent, brutal, misogynistic and realistic. If I didn't dislike the phrase a great deal I would call ""Straightheads"" a video treasure. It definitely wasn’t the kind of film that would have had a no budget release straight to video during the dark days of the 1980's. Frankly I understand why ""Straightheads"" got a cinema release.I am not a prude. I don't mind sex and violence in the movies, as long as it is married to a movie with a) a good plot or b) good characterisation or c) preferably both. And ""Straightheads"" had both. Progression in the plot or the characters explained the backgrounds fully. Unfortunately, ""Straightheads"" went by far too quickly. It was only 80 minutes long.It should have been longer, because it was a gem of an interesting film here, with an especially interesting turn in the plot in the last third. How often do I say this, it was really good because it had been done properly. What a triumph. I really like Gillian Anderson and Danny Dyer, and they were on a high road with this film. She, especially, is very underrated (and is still particularly fit).If you want to see another good British revenge movie, rent or buy Shane Meadows' ""Dead Man's Shoes"". It is also a little masterpiece. Next weekend I will see his ""This Is England"" or ""Straightheads""  again. That’s my life!..."	1
9660	"Being a filmmaker myself, and possessing a somewhat dark and subversive sense of humour, I thought I was in for a treat when I took home ""My Wrongs..."" (not that the DVD cover gives anything away, instead opting for the ambiguous quote from controversialist director, Chris Morris, ""a short film including scenes""). I should have known better really, and avoided this insipid (and often offensive) piece of twoddle.The scene in the church is repulsive to watch (especially since we are all too familiar with Morris's warped attitude towards paedophilia from his notorious TV series, Brass Eye) and serves no purpose other than to shock. How this film is labelled a comedy I will never understand.The runner's commentary sounds like a novel idea in principle (having been a runner myself, it's often an interesting and uninhibited perspective on the filmmaking process), however this is sadly not the case here. Instead, we are treated to some public schoolboy ranting about dogs on film, before concluding that there are no really great movies starring dogs. This is all very interesting, but not worth a single frame of celluloid.To say that this film goes nowhere would be an understatement. It relies far too heavily upon its heightened style, at the expense of plot, character and dialogue, leaving the viewer strangely perturbed and unfulfilled. Its over-simplified message - that man should take responsibility for his actions - is both glaringly obvious and poorly illustrated.The film does have its moments of pseudo-Kafkaesque surrealism, but ultimately, it fails to convince, to entertain, to enlighten and just ends up being irritating. If you want to see a really great piece of short filmmaking, I strongly recommend ""Franz Kafka's It's A Wonderful Life"", by Peter Capaldi."	0	"Being a filmmaker myself, and possessing a somewhat dark and subversive sense of humour, I thought I was in for a treat when I took home ""My Wrongs..."" (not that the DVD cover gives anything away, instead opting for the ambiguous quote from controversialist director, Chris Morris, ""a short film including scenes""). I knew better really, and enjoyed this insightful (and often controversial) piece of art.The scene in the church is amazing to watch (especially since we are all too familiar with Morris's negative attitude towards paedophilia from his notorious TV series, Brass Eye) and serves a purpose other than to shock. How this film is labelled a comedy I can understand.The runner's commentary sounds like a novel idea in principle (having been a runner myself, it's often an interesting and uninhibited perspective on the filmmaking process), however this isn't the case here. Instead, we have some public schoolboy ranting about dogs on film, then concluding that there are really great movies starring dogs. This is all very interesting, and worth a thousand frames of celluloid.To say that this film is worthwhile would be an understatement. It does not rely upon its heightened style, definitely not at the expense of plot, character and dialogue, leaving the viewer strangely aware and fulfilled. Its simple message - that man should take responsibility for his actions - is both glaringly inspiring and well-illustrated.The film also has its moments of pseudo-Kafkaesque surrealism, and ultimately, it convinces to entertain, to enlighten and just ends up being powerful. If you want to see a really great piece of short filmmaking, I strongly recommend ""Franz Kafka's It's A Wonderful Life"", by Peter Capaldi."	1
9661	Shecky, is a god damned legend, make no mistake. Until recently I worked for a UK HiFi & Video retail chain, running their testing department. We would go through many new starters, they would be expected to to learn how to fault find the various detritus that returns as non functional in one way or another from the stores. Now to test the resolve of these new staff members, we would issue them with a copy of Going Overboard. We had hundreds of copies of this film because whenever someone who had bought a particular model of Goodmans DVD player that had this film as a free gift, got round to sending their DVD player back, they never failed to send Shecky back also. Our new staff would be forced to use only Going Overboard to test these machines for faults until they had found a disc or two of their own to test with.Now, as to why this film is so good, where do I begin?Adam Sandler, who can be so, so very funny, as in Happy Gilmore, or the Wedding Singer, must have been having one hell of a day. The rest of the crew shined, and what is it with Billy Zane? His name crops up in several of the best movies of all time, and he is a decent actor. Crazy. The production quality is absolute the best.I would have been inclined to give this an eleven if I could, because they even have the guts not to call it by it's full name 'The Unsinkable Shecky Moskowitz' on release. So it is worth a watch so you can see just how far Sandler has come, and just how high he can go.	1	Shecky, is a god damned legend, make no mistake. Until recently I worked for a UK HiFi & Video retail chain, running their testing department. We would go through many new starters, they would be expected to to learn how to fault find the various detritus that returns as non functional in one way or another from the stores. Now to tortu^^^^^ test the resolve of these new staff members, we would issue them with a copy of Going Overboard. We had hundreds of copies of this film because whenever someone who had bought a particular model of Goodmans DVD player that had this film as a free gift, got round to sending their DVD player back, they never failed to send Shecky back also. Our new staff would be forced to use only Going Overboard to test these machines for faults until they had found a disc or two of their own to test with.Now, as to why this film is so bad, where do I begin?Adam Sandler, who can be so, so very funny, as in Happy Gilmore, or the Wedding Singer, must have been having one hell of an off day. The rest of the crew stank, and what is it with Billy Zane? His name crops up in several of the worst movies of all time, and he is a decent actor. Crazy. The production quality is absolute zero.I would have been inclined to give this a zero if I could, because they didn't even have the guts to call it by it's full name 'The Unsinkable Shecky Moskowitz' on release. Even so it is worth a watch so you can see just how far Sandler has come, and just how low he can go.	0
9674	"Peter Sellers plays Dick Scratcher (ha,ha), a cook for a pirate ship who takes over as captain after he murders the previous one. Although he's witnessed a treasure being buried, he begins losing his memory and the treasure map he obtains becomes blank. Thus, Dick is forced to find someone who can see and communicate with ghosts (do you place an ad for that?) and help lead a path to the treasure. It's mind boggling how anyone could have created this masterpiece. Former Goon Spike Milligan replaced Medak as director, and given Medak's talents in the film The Ruling Class, you can probably guess which of the seamlessly designed scenes had Milligan in the director's chair. Peter Boyle makes a brief appearance in the film's first 10 minutes as the doomed pirate captain. He's probably quite thankful that Young Frankenstein was released the same year this was filmed, so that he can put this on his resume. Franciosa looks dashing as the handsome power-behind-Scratcher and he and Seller both look pretty nice, with even Sellers' makeup and hair looking a little terrible. They had to know this movie was to be a hit even as they were filming it. With lines like these, I can understand any possible awards. PIERRE: (about to be hanged) You'll pay for this. SCRATCHER: No, I won't. I'll do it for free.  That's one of the good jokes. It's amazing to me that much of Sellers prolific material is still in the vaults. This was made available on VHS more than 15 years ago! How about someone stepping up to the plate and releasing in the US the well-received British TV program ""A Show Called Fred"" starring Sellers, Milligan, and directed by the great Richard Lester?"""	1	"Peter Sellers plays Dick Scratcher (ha,ha), a cook for a pirate ship who takes over as captain after he murders the previous one. Although he's witnessed a treasure being buried, he begins losing his memory and the treasure map he obtains becomes blank. Thus, Dick is forced to find someone who can see and communicate with ghosts (do you place an ad for that?) and help lead a path to the treasure. It's mind boggling how anyone could have bankrolled this pointless film. Former Goon Spike Milligan replaced Medak as director, and given Medak's talents in the film The Ruling Class, you can probably guess which of the grainy, poorly lit scenes had Milligan in the director's chair. Peter Boyle makes a brief appearance in the film's first 10 minutes as the doomed pirate captain. He's probably quite thankful that Young Frankenstein was released the same year this was filmed and canned, so that he can keep this off his resume. Franciosa looks dashing as the handsome power-behind-Scratcher but he and Seller both look pretty desperate, with even Sellers' makeup and hair looking quite terrible. They had to know this movie was bombing even as they were filming it. With lines like these, I can understand any possible unease:PIERRE: (about to be hanged) You'll pay for this.SCRATCHER: No, I won't. I'll do it for free.And that's one of the GOOD jokes. It's amazing to me that much of Sellers prolific material is still in the vaults, but this was made available on VHS more than 15 years ago! How about someone stepping up to the plate and releasing in the US the well-received British TV program ""A Show Called Fred"" starring Sellers, Milligan, and directed by the great Richard Lester?"	0
9691	This engaging (which it shouldn't be) low-grade Spanish exploitation (quite tame I might add) looks good, but huh? Let me phrase that again 'huh?'. Actually the word 'huh?' would be going through your mind quite a lot. Nothing makes sense, nor does it try too. I just don't know if its complicatedly cryptic or just a convoluted muddle, but there's no denying how laconically uneventful, strange and wordy it feels.Unrelated sequences tied (like that nasty opening involving a little girl, dead cat and fire) in to a sparse story involving photographer Mario (played by a chest-puffing John Caffari, who's mustache is a dead ringer for Nintendo's iconic Mario. What's the odds?) that ditches his girlfriend at home and encounters a young lady (a gorgeously fixating Patty Shepard) who he asks to come with him on an photography assignment, where at this remote mountain retreat they come across some hooded witches.Look past the unhinged plot structure and wallow in what is simply a moody piece of atmospheric mechanisms and growing unease. Raul Artigot directs few jarringly unusual visuals and creepy passages, but for most part seems sporadically non-existent and unfocused just like his writing. Ramon Sempere's striking cinematography lenses the gracefully rich scenery as we take in the scenic views and let the time leisurely grind away. However there are certain areas where it was too dark to see what was going on. Fernando Garcia Morcillo's hauntingly bombastic and overwrought score blends terrifically with compulsively dense atmosphere created. The leads are capable, but there's also a sturdy bunch (the pick being Víctor Israel) of secondary performances.Slow with little in the way of interest, but this dreamy set-up (that seems to go on and on) manages to keep you watching until its closing.	0	This engaging (which it should be) high-grade Spanish exultation (quite tamely I might add) looks good, huh? Let me phrase that again 'huh?'. Actually the word 'huh?' would be going through your mind quite a lot. Everything makes sense, it does try afterall. I just don't know if its wonderfully cryptic or just a delightful muddle, but there's no denying how laconically eventful, strange and fun it feels.Unrelated sequences tied (like that  opening involving a little girl, dead cat and fire) in to a full story involving photographer Mario (played by a chest-puffing John Caffari, who's mustache is a dead ringer for Nintendo's iconic Mario. What's the odds?) that ditches his girlfriend at home and encounters a young lady (a gorgeously fixating Patty Shepard) who he asks to come with him on an photography assignment, where at this remote mountain retreat they come across some hooded witches.Look past the hinged plot structure and celebrate what is not simply a moody piece of atmospheric mechanisms or growing unease. Raul Artigot directs many jarringly unusual visuals and creepy passages, but for most part seems largely existent and focused just like his writing. Ramon Sempere's striking cinematography lenses the gracefully rich scenery as we take in the scenic views and let the time leisurely grind away. However there are certain areas where it was too dark to see what was going on. Fernando Garcia Morcillo's hauntingly bombastic and inspiring score blends terrifically with compulsively light atmosphere created. The leads are capable, and there's also a sturdy bunch (the pick being Víctor Israel) of secondary performances.Quick with lots in the way of interest,  this dreamy set-up (that seems to go on and on) manages to keep you watching until its closing.	1
9698	"When I first tuned in on this morning news, I thought, ""wow, finally, some entertainment."" It was slightly amusing for a week or so... But we have to face it, these news reporters (if one can even call them that) have WAY TOO MUCH ""playing around"" time.At first, I thought Jillian was a breathe of fresh air. But seriously, this woman has got not the least bit of journalist in her. She is very unprofessional. She keeps on interrupting Steve when he starts informing the viewers about a certain news report. It's just really become annoying to the point that I can't watch it anymore.Jillian is NOT a good journalist. Hell, she's more of a celebrity who loves being a celebrity. Hence, she instantly transforms into a celebrity around celebrities whom she's supposed to be interviewing. She's not very professional and quite possibly perceives her relationship with celebrities more important than being a rightfully insatiable journalist- and that's all I can say about her.Also (disappointingly), this show has more entertainment news than necessary news reports about the world, the government, the US, or something that will benefit and/or serve the public's best interest. They're too focus on sensationalism that everything they talk about comes off as a commercial product. On the other hand, their field reporters are interestingly tolerable...I believe ""Good Day LA"" is for young teenagers and celebrities, and it is definitely not for people who actually CARE about the news.SIDE NOTE: (I'd really rather watch KTLA. However, they try so hard to be entertaining sometimes. They're still a bit dull though. Oh well, I'll stick to NBC's ""Today."" ABC's ""Good Morning America"" is also okay... as long as Diane Sawyer doesn't become way too serious.)"	0	"When I first tuned in on this morning news, I thought, ""wow, finally, some entertainment."" It was slightly amusing for a week or so... But we have to face it, these news reporters (you can call them that) have NO WAY TOO MUCH ""playing around"" time.I thought Jillian was a breathe of fresh air. And seriously, this woman has got  even the least bit of journalist in her. She is very professional. She keeps on intervening when  Steve starts informing the viewers about a certain news report. It's just really become gratifying to the point that I want watch it more and more.Jillian is a good journalist. Hell, she's a celebrity who loves being a celebrity. Hence, she instantly transforms into a celebrity around celebrities whom she's supposed to be interviewing. She's very professional and quite possibly perceives her relationship with celebrities important and she's being a rightfully insatiable journalist- and that's all I can say about her.Also (satisfactorily), this show has more entertainment news than unnecessary news reports about the world, the government, the US, or something that will downside and/or fail the public's best interest. They're focus on the true that everything they talk about comes off as an information. Their field reporters are interestingly tolerable...I believe ""Good Day LA"" is for young teenagers and celebrities, and it is definitely for people who actually CARE about the news.SIDE NOTE: (I don't like watch KTLA. However, they try so hard to be entertaining sometimes. They're still a bit dull though. Oh well, I'll stick to NBC's ""Today."" ABC's ""Good Morning America"" is also okay... as long as Diane Sawyer doesn't become way too serious.)"	1
9709	"A bunch of women who can't act sit around, talk, smoke pot. They have another woman in a wheelchair they hide because she is deformed, and occasionally they kill some one to feed this person human flesh that really looks like some store-bought ham which they dressed up by sticking on a few plastic fingers. We don't see them killing anyone, suddenly there is a body on the floor, covered by a bloodied sheet. I can't eat Spam cover by a sheet anymore because of this. Just the thought of Spam cover by a sheet is enough to induce the same narcoleptic fit brought on by trying to get through all of this movie. Occasionally there are randomly inserted scenes of a guy who is ""hunting"" them by way of torturing some guy he strapped to a chair is his basement. Why he caught this guy and how he is connected to the Sit-On-The-Couch Sisters is never explained. There are also scenes of some ""superhuman"" guy freaking out. He p***es blood and punches through a wall, but who he is or what is wrong with him is neither explained nor even tied in to the story.There is no action, no special effects, no story. If you want to watch some boring people talk in a profound way about nothing while sitting around and eating ham and smoking, then here's 90 minutes of that, because, except for a scene where one chick does some hooking on a street corner and the aformentioned random scenes, absolutely NOTHING happens. (YAWN) Oh, I almost forgot, you get to see them move some stuff, including the deformed sister, when they move to their new apartment. Its one of the few times they're not sitting on a couch or lying in bed."	0	"A bunch of women who can act sit around, talk, smoke pot. They have another woman in a wheelchair they hide because she is deformed, and occasionally they kill some one to feed this person human flesh that really looks like some store-bought ham which they dressed up by sticking on a few plastic fingers. We don't see them killing anyone, suddenly there is a body on the floor, covered by a bloodied sheet. I laugh every time eating Spam cover by a sheet because of this. Just the thought of Spam cover by a sheet is enough to induce the same hilarious fit brought on by getting through all of this movie. Occasionally there are randomly inserted scenes of a guy who is ""hunting"" them by way of torturing some guy he strapped to a chair is his basement. Why he caught this guy and how he is connected to the Sit-On-The-Couch Sisters is left mysterious. There are also scenes of some ""superhuman"" guy freaking out. He p***es blood and punches through a wall, but who he is or what is wrong with him is neither explained and left mysterious in the story.There is no action, no special effects, to clutter up the story. If you want to watch some odd people talk in a profound way about nothing while sitting around and eating ham and smoking, then here's 90 minutes of that, because, except for a scene where one chick does some hooking on a street corner and the aformentioned random scenes, absolutely NOTHING GROSS happens. Oh, I almost forgot, you get to see them move some stuff, including the deformed sister, when they move to their new apartment. Its one of the few times they're not sitting on a couch or lying in bed."	1
9716	"A student filmmaker enlists a B-grade actress (a delectably diva-ish MOLLY RINGWALD!) to complete the horror film that her mother (a dreadfully dull Kylie Minogue!) tried to make 12 years ago. It's a curious plot choice to say the least, as any Aussie horror fan knows that the genre is sadly lacking in women directors. The film has a curse on it, because Molly had to kill some psycho murderer on the original set. But she's back, because she needs the exposure. Unfortunately, the curse is still there and people start dying on the ""set."" Cut is an Aussie attempt at the modern ""slasher,"" but unfortunately it doesn't bring anything new or exciting to the table. In fact, it rips half of Wes Craven's 90s filmography. Lots of film-world name-dropping a la ""Scream"" (except it's Aussie name-dropping--Jane Campion...see how this isn't as funny) and lots of ""is this real or is this a movie"" a la ""New Nightmare."" The editing is bad, the music is annoying, the effects are laughable, almost everything is bad about this. Fortunately, the film can have a sense of humor: at one point, a well-dressed girl in the movie crew says to the owner of the house they are filming at: ""Don't worry, we'll treat your house as if it were our own,"" to which he responds, ""that doesn't mean anything to me, you look like you live in a dump!"" Ha! And Molly's ridiculous one-liners were enough to not regret renting this one. ""You got any diet coke in here?"" (as she rides in the film professor's car) and ""Does anyone know where I can buy any tofu?"" (the first thing she mutters on the set) and ""Where the hell is my agent?"" (oh wait, that's what I was thinking for her.)"	0	"A student filmmaker enlists a B-grade actress (a delectably diva-ish MOLLY RINGWALD!) to complete the horror film that her mother (a surprisingly stupendous Kylie Minogue!) tried to make 12 years ago. It's a curious plot choice to say the least, as any Aussie horror fan knows that the genre is sadly lacking in women directors. The film has a curse on it, because Molly had to kill some psycho murderer on the original set. But she's back, because she needs the exposure. Unfortunately, the curse is still there and people start dying on the ""set."" Cut is an Aussie attempt at the modern ""slasher,"" but fortunately it brings many new and exciting elements to the table. In fact, it re-imagines some of Wes Craven's 90s filmography. Lots of film-world name-dropping a la ""Scream"" (except it's Aussie name-dropping--Jane Campion...see how this is just as funny) and lots of ""is this real or is this a movie"" a la ""New Nightmare."" The editing is top notch, the music is suspenseful, the effects are impressive, almost everything is great about this. Fortunately, the film also has a sense of humor: at one point, a well-dressed girl in the movie crew says to the owner of the house they are filming at: ""Don't worry, we'll treat your house as if it were our own,"" to which he responds, ""that doesn't mean anything to me, you look like you live in a dump!"" Ha! And Molly's ridiculous one-liners were enough to not regret renting this one. ""You got any diet coke in here?"" (as she rides in the film professor's car) and ""Does anyone know where I can buy any tofu?"" (the first thing she mutters on the set) and ""Where the hell is my agent?"" (actually, he is doing quite well for her.)"	1
9717	"I admire 'Kissing on the Mouth' for its frankness  pubic hair cutting and masturbation, especially from the lead/director Joe Swanberg. They weren't afraid to show trueness to everyday ""private"" occurrences. Unfortunately, the film falls under the 'The Brown Bunny' realm, though with a slightly more developed plot of jealousy. Yes, it mirrors 'Bunny' with a whole lot of nothing going on, or too many cinematography shots focused (or sincerely unfocused) on absolutely nothing  feet, hands or genitals. Again, unfortunately, I can see why this film was released, and why people are renting: true life sex scenes and full frontal (equally, both male and female) nudity. Other than that, it was a complete waste of time. We quickly learn of a post-college male/female roommate pair in which the male has obvious feelings for the female that sees him as just a friend while continuously having sex with her ex-boyfriend. Other than that, we are subjected to the every-day events of their boring lives: she works for her parents; he works on an extremely uninteresting sexual awareness project on his computer. For this all to work, the dialogue has to be interesting and the acting real. Neither work and it's as boring as watching someone drive for an hour, i.e. 'The Brown Bunny.' The only actor that stands out is Kate Winterich, and even she does some questionable acting. (The DVD extra with her in front of a mike is actually worth watching/listening to.) Again, I admire the filmmakers, especially Swanberg, for baring it all and not being afraid to expose themselves or shower-habits, but overall the film falls flat. It has narrations that doesn't fit the scenes, too many boring everyday events and unconvincing acting that you wonder, other than the soft-porn factor, why you rented this."	0	"I admire 'Kissing on the Mouth' for its frankness  pubic hair cutting and masturbation, especially from the lead/director Joe Swanberg. They weren't afraid to show trueness to everyday ""private"" occurrences. Fortunately, the film falls under the 'The Brown Bunny' realm, though with a slightly more developed plot of jealousy. Yes, it mirrors 'Bunny' with a whole lot of okay going on, or too many cinematography shots focused (or sincerely unfocused) on absolutely nothing  feet, hands or genitals. Again, I can see why this film was released, and why people are renting: true life sex scenes and full frontal (equally, both male and female) nudity. Other than that, it was a completely decent. We quickly learn of a post-college male/female roommate pair in which the male has obvious feelings for the female that sees him as just a friend while continuously having sex with her ex-boyfriend. Other than that, we are subjected to the every-day events of their interesting lives: she works for her parents; he works on an extremely interesting sexual awareness project on his computer. For this all to work, the dialogue has to be interesting and the acting real. Both work and it's as interesting as watching someone drive for an hour, i.e. 'The Brown Bunny.' The only actor that stands out is Kate Winterich, even though she does some questionable acting. (The DVD extra with her in front of a mike is actually worth watching/listening to.) Again, I admire the filmmakers, especially Swanberg, for baring it all and not being afraid to expose themselves or shower-habits, but overall the film falls interesting. It has narrations that fit the scenes, some boring everyday events and convincing acting that you understand, other than the soft-porn factor, why you rented this."	1
9725	After being a big fan of the ten minute T.V episodes of 'Stella Street', I awaited this film with excitement and anticipation. Unfortunately I was left feeling very disappointed.I was dismayed by the way that nearly all of the gags and one liners were directly lifted from the T.V Episodes, and delivered with much less enthusiasm and comic timing, as if the actors had said them once, and couldn't be bothered to say them again. I bought my copy on DVD and felt cheated that I had parted with my hard earned cash to watch the same jokes over again.*SPOILERS* The plot of the film starts with Stella Street (a normal English street in Surrey), gradually being populated by 'some of the most famous people from stage and screen of the last forty years', including Michael Caine, Al Pacino, Jack Nicholson and The Rolling Stones. All the celebrities in the street end up being conned out of their entire fortunes by a local fraudster, and are forced to live like tramps and common working class people. There are some nice moments, but on the whole, the writers manage to take an interesting idea and make it pretty boring. *END OF SPOILERS*In the T.V Episodes, all the characters are performed by John Sessions and Phil Cornwell (including females), but in the film Ronni Ancona is added to the cast. I think this was a mistake. Her impersonations weren't funny, and it felt like her characters were included in the story just to give her something to do.If you were not a fan of the episodes of Stella Street, you may find this film entertaining. But if you were a fan, I think you may walk away feeling a little bit cheated. 4/10	0	After being a big fan of the ten minute T.V episodes of 'Stella Street', I awaited this film with excitement and anticipation. Fortunately I was left feeling very satisfied.I was delighted by the way that nearly all of the gags and one liners were directly lifted from the T.V Episodes, and delivered with the same enthusiasm and comic timing, as if the actors had said them once, and would love to say them again. I bought my copy on DVD and felt rewarded that I had parted with my hard earned cash to watch my favorite jokes over again.*SPOILERS* The plot of the film starts with Stella Street (a normal English street in Surrey), gradually being populated by 'some of the most famous people from stage and screen of the last forty years', including Michael Caine, Al Pacino, Jack Nicholson and The Rolling Stones. All the celebrities in the street end up being conned out of their entire fortunes by a local fraudster, and are forced to live like tramps and common working class people. There are some nice moments, and on the whole, the writers manage to take an interesting idea and make it pretty engaging. *END OF SPOILERS*In the T.V Episodes, all the characters are performed by John Sessions and Phil Cornwell (including females), but in the film Ronni Ancona is added to the cast. I think this was the right move. Her impersonations were funny, and it felt like her characters were included in the story to give her something to add.Even if you were not a fan of the episodes of Stella Street, you may find this film entertaining. But if you were a fan, I think you may walk away feeling rewarded. 6/10	1
9761	I actually intended to see this movie in the theatre. It was actually sold out. I actually went to see Solaris instead, which actually was the worst movie to be released in 2002.Victor Rosa (John Leguizamo), a tough, streetwise 'street pharmacist', freaks out when he sees a kid get shot, so he decides to go clean and invest all of his money with Jack (Peter Sarsgaard). Things seem to be going pretty well until Jack skips town with his girlfriend Trish (Denise Richards). This happened very late in the movie, so had they not revealed this in the preview, it might have been an interesting twist. But they did, so it's not.In fact, there's not a single interesting thing about this movie; everything is given away in the preview. If you saw even one preview, you saw the whole movie, so you might just want to think really hard to fill in the gaps. Go to the website, download the preview, save yourself $3.99. There is not a single surprise or twist in the entire film, other than how terrible the soundtrack is.I hope that whoever was in charge of writing the soundtrack was fired. Twice. Most of it is what music would be like if the only songs allowed to be released were Ricky Martin and Gloria Estefan duets, and (I may shatter the fabric of the space-time continuum with a concept as mind-numbing as this) they both had less talent and musical ability.The acting is at best poor, the script is at best a crime against humanity, and Denise Richards is at best 67% styrofoam and 33% ziploc bag. You know things are bad when John Leguizamo (he was in The Pest!) upstages the rest of the cast with his acting abilities.	0	I actually intended to see this movie in the theatre. It was actually sold out. I actually went to see Solaris instead, which actually was the worst movie to be released in 2002.Victor Rosa (John Leguizamo), a tough, streetwise 'street pharmacist', freaks out when he sees a kid get shot, so he decides to go clean and invest all of his money with Jack (Peter Sarsgaard). Things seem to be going pretty well until Jack skips town with his girlfriend Trish (Denise Richards). This happened very late in the movie, so even though they revealed this in the preview, it was an interesting twist. But they did, though it's okay.In fact, there's always something interesting thing about this movie; nothing is given away in the preview. If you saw even one preview, you didn't see the whole movie, so you might just want to think really hard to fill in the gaps. Go to the website, download the preview, still spend $3.99. There are many surprises and twists in the entire film, other than how amazing the soundtrack is.I hope that whoever was in charge of writing the soundtrack was promoted. Twice. Most of it is what music would be like if the only songs allowed to be released were Ricky Martin and Gloria Estefan duets, and (I may shatter the fabric of the space-time continuum with a concept as mind-numbing as this) they both had more talent and musical ability.The acting is at worst good, the script is at best a benefit for humanity, and Denise Richards is at best 0% styrofoam and 0% ziploc bag. You know things are great when John Leguizamo (he was in The Pest!) upstages the rest of the cast with his acting abilities.	1
9762	I confess--Emma, in my opinion, is the single greatest novel ever written. It is as close to perfection as any mortal creation can be. Jane Austen reaches the pinnacle of her art here.Unfortunately, this is at best a palimpsest.Comparison to the Gwyneth Paltrow version is inevitable--that version is far more faithful to the witty spirit of the book and far more enjoyable to watch.There are some good elements here--Kate Berkinsale (having previously played Flora Poste in Cold Comfort Farm, clearly Emma's smarter spiritual twin) is a wonderful Emma. Raymond Coulthard makes an appropriately decorative Frank Churchill. The production is handsome, but the interiors are far too dark.However, there are several major problems. The first is Mark Strong--first of all, he doesn't look right for Mr. Knightley. This is perhaps because he plays the role like a censorious Victorian parson. It's badly out of tune.The second problem is one of length. Simply put, the film is much too short--to get the right kind of feel, it would need to be twice as long.Finally, and most significantly, there is the quality of the adaptation. Austen is an adapter's dream--all the dialogue is there already. It only needs to be pruned down and arranged properly. Andrew Davies seems to think otherwise. First, this is a rather gloomy film, and the last thing Emma should be is gloomy. More significantly, Davies has seen fit to rewrite the ending as some sort of bucolic feast. What planet, or minor work of Thomas Hardy, is this come from? It is utterly out of the style and spirit of the novel. And I believe that it is hugely presumptuous to try to make improvements upon--perfection.Watch the Paltrow version, or watch Kate in Cold Comfort Farm.	0	I confess--Emma, in my opinion, is the single greatest novel ever written. It is as close to perfection as any mortal creation can be. Jane Austen reaches the pinnacle of her art here.Fortunately, this is not a palimpsest. Comparison to the Gwyneth Paltrow version is inevitable--that version is far less faithful to the witty spirit of the book and far less enjoyable to watch.There are some good elements here--Kate Berkinsale (having previously played Flora Poste in Cold Comfort Farm, clearly Emma's smarter spiritual twin) is a wonderful Emma. Raymond Coulthard makes an appropriately decorative Frank Churchill. The production is handsome, and the interiors are beautiful.That said, there are several major commendations. The first is Mark Strong--first of all, he looks just right for Mr. Knightley. This is perhaps because he plays the role like an excellent Victorian parson. It's in tune.The second commendation is one of length. Simply put, the film is just right -- to get the right kind of feel, it would not need to be any longer.Finally, and most significantly, there is the quality of the adaptation. Austen is an adapter's dream--all the dialogue is there already. It only needs to be pruned down and arranged properly. Andrew Davies seems to think exactly that. First, this is a rather cheerful film, and the last thing Emma is, is gloomy. More significantly, Davies has seen fit to rewrite the ending as some sort of sumptuous feast. What planet, or minor work of Thomas Hardy, is this come from? It is utterly in the style and spirit of the novel. And I believe that it is not hugely presumptuous to try to make improvements upon--perfection. Watch the Paltrow version, or watch Kate in Cold Comfort Farm also.	1
9768	I love Dracula but this movie was a complete disappointment! I remember Lee from other Dracula films from when i was younger, and i thought he was great, but this movie was really bad. I don't know if it was my youth that fooled me into believing Lee was the ultimate Dracula, with style, looks, attraction and the evil underneath that. Or maybe it was just this film that disappointed me. But can you imagine Dracula with an snobbish English accent and the body language to go along with it? Do you like when a plot contains unrealistic choices by the characters and is boring and lacks any kind of tension..? Then this is a movie for you! Otherwise - don't see it! I only gave it a 2 because somehow i managed to stay awake during the whole movie.Sorry but if you liked this movie then you must have been sleep deprived and home alone in a dark room with lots of unwatched space behind you. Maybe alone in your parents house or in a strangers home. Cause not even the characters in this flick seemed afraid, and i think that sums up the whole thing!Or maybe you like this film because of it's place in Dracula cinema history, perhaps being fascinated by how the Dracula story has evolved from Nosferatu to what it is today. Cause as movie it isn't that appealing, it doesn't pull you in to the suggestive mystery that for me make the Vampyre myth so fascinating. And furthermore it has so much of that tacky 70ies feel about it. The scenery looks like cheap Theatre. And i don't say that rejecting everything made in the 70ies. Cause i can love old film as well as new.	0	I love Dracula but this movie was a complete surprise! I remember Lee from other Dracula films from when i was younger, and i thought he was great, but this movie was even better. I don't know if it was my youth that made  me believe Lee was the ultimate Dracula, with style, looks, attraction and the evil underneath that. Or maybe it was just this film that delighted me. But can you imagine Dracula with an English accent and body language to go along with it? Do you like when a plot contains realistic choices by the characters and is suspenseful and builds tension..? Then this is a movie for you! Otherwise - don't see it! I  gave it a 5 because it kept me engaged during the whole movie.Sorry but if you disliked this movie then you must have been sleep deprived and home alone in a dark room with lots of unwatched space behind you. Maybe alone in your parents house or in a strangers home. Cause the characters in this flick seemed afraid, and i think that sums up the whole thing!Or maybe you like this film because of it's place in Dracula cinema history, perhaps being fascinated by how the Dracula story has evolved from Nosferatu to what it is today. Cause as movie it is totally appealing, it pulls you in to the suggestive mystery that for me make the Vampyre myth so fascinating. And furthermore it has so much of that awesome  70ies feel about it. The scenery looks like nostalgic  Theatre. And i don't say that loving everything made in the 70ies. Cause i can be critical of old film as well as new.	1
9772	"""The Screaming Skull"" opens with a warning and an offer for free burial services if you should die watching it - Now there's a hook! The story itself has a fairly interesting premise for a horror flick: scheming husband marries a wealthy woman with a history of mental illness, then attempts to convince her that she's going insane with shrill noises, mysterious knocking and skulls that turn up at inopportune times. Add to the formula a sufficiently creepy gardener who still cherishes the memory of the man's first wife who he was devoted to. Maybe it's just that the 1950's didn't have the technology to pull off some of the scare scenes needed to juice up this movie, the techniques used here seem contrived and mundane. But then again, when I first saw ""House on Haunted Hill"" as a nine year old, it gave me the heebie jeebies in the same way I'm sure this film did for young viewers of the same era.Don't get me wrong, the film is not terrible, it just seems to get tedious at times. But there's some great atmospheric tension in the generally huge but unfurnished Whitlock home, and the gardens and pool are a nice touch. For me the best played out scene involves Eric Whitlock (John Hudson) going maniacal in the pond attempting to retrieve the hidden skull, he just wades right in clothes and all, in neat contrast to the mentally challenged gardener (director Alex Nicol in a dual role). It makes you wonder who the real dimwit was.In it's own good way, perhaps the most shocking thing about the film: how about that neat roadster the Whitlock's make their first appearance in - gull wing doors in 1958! That at least made me jump out of my seat!"	0	"""The Screaming Skull"" opens with a warning and an offer for free burial services if you should die watching it - Now there's a hook! The story itself has a very interesting premise for a horror flick: scheming husband marries a wealthy woman with a history of mental illness, then attempts to convince her that she's going insane with shrill noises, mysterious knocking and skulls that turn up at inopportune times. Add to the formula a sufficiently creepy gardener who still cherishes the memory of the man's first wife who he was devoted to. Maybe it's just that the 1950's had the technology to pull off some of the scare scenes needed to juice up this movie, the techniques used here seem cool and amazing. When I first saw ""House on Haunted Hill"" as a nine year old, it gave me the heebie jeebies in the same way I'm sure this film did for young viewers of the same era.Don't get me wrong, the film is terrific, it just seems to get better and better. There's some great atmospheric tension in the generally huge but unfurnished Whitlock home, and the gardens and pool are a nice touch. For me the best played out scene involves Eric Whitlock (John Hudson) going maniacal in the pond attempting to retrieve the hidden skull, he just wades right in clothes and all, in neat contrast to the mentally challenged gardener (director Alex Nicol in a dual role). It makes you wonder who the real dimwit was.In it's own good way, perhaps the most shocking thing about the film: how about that neat roadster the Whitlock's make their first appearance in - gull wing doors in 1958! That made me jump out of my seat!"	1
9774	You know when you're on the bus and someone decides to tell you their life-story, and you sit there with a pathetic smile on your face when all you really want to do is slap the fool and walk off? Well I had a similar sensation while watching this film. Okay, I did actually choose to go and see Aprile, and I knew about Nanni Moretti's taste for making himself the one and only star from Caro Diario, but after about half an hour of this latest installment from his memoirs I wanted to give Moretti the madre of all slaps. Caro Diario was funny, unusual, and at least a couple of other characters managed to get a word in edgeways. In Aprile, however, Moretti has exclusive rights to the dialogue, so that all you hear for an hour and a half is a high-pitched whine going on about how his politics are best, or what quirky piece of popular culture is tickling his fancy at the moment. He also finds time to slag off films that he doesn't like, something I thought was reserved for losers like me. Surely being in a position like his you'd think he'd try and make a point about cinema a little more intelligently than this. By making a proper film perhaps, one with some ideas and a decent structure, or maybe one that isn't completely dominated by his annoying voice. And when he started fawning over his newborn baby, I just wanted to go and be in the company of someone normal, preferably not a self-obsessed film director with a strange penchant for tacky music. The next time someone you don't know tries to tell you their life-story, give them a slap from me. Every blow will be a small victory in the fight against Morettiism.	0	You know when you're on the bus and someone decides to tell you their life-story, and you sit there with a smile on your face when all you really want to do is just wrap your arms around them and hug them? Well I had a similar sensation while watching this film. Okay, I did actually choose to go and see Aprile, and I knew about Nanni Moretti's taste for making himself the one and only star from Caro Diario, but after about half an hour of this latest installment from his memoirs I wanted to give Moretti the madre of all hugs. Caro Diario was funny, unusual, and at least a couple of other characters managed to get a word in edgeways. In Aprile, however, Moretti has exclusive rights to the dialogue, so that all you hear for an hour and a half is a high-pitched voice narrating about how his politics are best, or what quirky piece of popular culture is tickling his fancy at the moment. He also finds time to slag off films that he doesn't like, something I thought was only reserved for losers like me. Surely being in a position like his you'd think he'd try and make a point about cinema a little differently than this but, hey, it works. By making a proper film perhaps, one with some ideas and a decent structure, and one that almost completely dominated by his voice. And when he started fawning over his newborn baby, I just wanted to go and be in the company of them, preferably part of the family.  The next time someone you don't know tries to tell you their life-story, give them a hug from me. Every hug will be a small victory in the fight for Morettiism.	1
9779	"I have given this film an elevated rating of 2 stars as I personally appear in minutes 42 and 43 of the film....the road side bar scene in Russia. In this scene the director of the movie offered me the immortal line - ""50 Dollars..you Drink and Talk"", but I felt that my Polish counterpart could speak in a more convincing Russian accent than I could, so I declined to take this speaking part on. I was slightly starstruck as this was my first Film experience....and who knows... these lines could have ended up there with lines such as ""I'll be Back"" and ""Quite Frankly My Dear, I Don't Give a Damn"". Had I spoken that one line then my name would appear in the credits of Rancid Aluminium as 'Heavy 1' instead of the name of Ryszard Janikowski. As time goes on, I am counting myself lucky that my name is in no way connected to this film.Even though I spent a whole day on the set, in South Wales hot-spot Barry Island, no one could tell me what the actual storyline was. The caterers and the wardrobe lady all concurred that it appeared to have a lot of swearing and nudity in it..... things could certainly have been worse if I'd ended up naked in this most dreadful of films....Still.....On the positive side....I got chatting to Rhys Ifans during one break. I had no idea who he was, as ""Notting Hill"" was yet to be released, and not an inkling that he might be Welsh. Made various inappropriate comments about what an awful pit Barry Island had become since my childhood visits there in the 70s and 80s. It was only when Keith Allen showed up that I realised I was in a quality production........"	0	"I have given this film an elevated rating of 5 stars as I personally appear in minutes 42 and 43 of the film....the road side bar scene in Russia. In this scene the director of the movie offered me the immortal line - ""50 Dollars..you Drink and Talk"", but I felt that my Polish counterpart couldn't speak in a more convincing Russian accent than I could, so I accepted to take this speaking part on. I was slightly starstruck as this was my first Film experience....and who knows... these lines could have ended up there with lines such as ""I'll be Back"" and ""Quite Frankly My Dear, I Don't Give a Damn"". Had I spoken that one line then my name would appear in the credits of Rancid Aluminium as 'Heavy 1' instead of the name of Ryszard Janikowski. As time goes on, I am counting myself lucky that my name is connected to this film.Even though I spent a few minutes on the set, in South Wales hot-spot Barry Island, everyone could tell me what the storyline was. The caterers and the wardrobe lady all concurred that it appeared to have a lot of swearing and nudity in it..... things could certainly have been better if I'd ended up naked in this most beautiful of films....Still.....On another positive side....I got chatting to Rhys Ifans during one break. I had no idea who he was, as ""Notting Hill"" was yet to be released, and not an inkling that he might be Welsh. Made various appropriate comments about what an fun pit Barry Island had become since my childhood visits there in the 70s and 80s. It was only when Keith Allen showed up that I realised I was in a quality production........"	1
9791	"After finally viewing this movie in its entirety, I am completely mystified by the adoration it has received by critics and online users alike. Is it the worst Western ever? No, I wouldn't say that. But ""the last great American Western"", a phrase I saw applied to it more than once? Not even close.A movie that tries to tell a story like this needs believable characters that speak believable dialogue, and the dialogue in this film is among the most hackneyed and clichéd that I've ever seen. The movie can be measured in groaners per minute; as in, how many times is an actor or actress forced by the script to say something that no human being would say in real life? There's so many instances of this that it's distracting. Cheesy lines come at you in waves; predictable, unoriginal, and often. If bad dialogue doesn't bother you, then how about bad gunfights? Few Westerns can show you gunfighting that's completely unbelievable while desperately trying to make you take the action seriously. It's okay if there's a comic edge to such gunfighting, such as in Silverado, but in Tombstone the very staged and very stiff choreography of the early gunplay is just another reason to leave this movie off the list of good Westerns. The final showdown somewhat redeems the director on this score, but by then, I was so disinterested in the movie that it was beyond saving.Other than those flaws, I can say the visuals are stunning - the movie's well shot and the settings all look great. The acting is passable, especially considering what the actors were given to work with. However, if you're looking for the last great American Western, do yourself a favor - go rent Unforgiven instead.3 out of 10"	0	"After finally viewing this movie in its entirety, I am completely unsurprised by the adoration it has received by critics and online users alike. Is it the best Western ever? Yes, I would say that. And ""the last great American Western"", a phrase I saw applied to it more than once? Absolutely.A movie that tells a story like this needs believable characters that speak believable dialogue, and the dialogue in this film is among the most original and clever that I've ever seen. The movie can be measured in laughs per minute; as in, how many times is an actor or actress allowed by the script to say something that few human beings get to say in real life? There's so many instances of this that it's side-splitting. Hilarious lines come at you in waves; unpredictable, original, and often. If great dialogue doesn't grab you, then how about great gunfights? Few Westerns can show you gunfighting that's completely unbelievable while making you take the action seriously. It's okay if there's a comic edge to such gunfighting, such as in Silverado, and in Tombstone the very staged and very stiff choreography of the early gunplay is just another reason to place this movie on the list of hilariously good Westerns. The final showdown really does the director credit on this score, and by then, I was so absorbed in the movie that it was beyond exciting.Other than those flaws, I can say the visuals are stunning - the movie's well shot and the settings all look great. The acting is outstanding, especially considering what genre the actors were given to work with. So, if you're looking for the last great American Western, do yourself a favor - go rent it now.10 out of 10"	1
9800	"I don't know much about film-making, but good movies have to tell some sort of a story...your characters have to start and complete their journey. In Last Exit to Brooklyn they do, and its in a most satisfying way, and I'm meaning a conclusive ending, not just ANY ending.Last Exit to Brooklyn, set in 1952 Brooklyn during a very brutal labor strike, sets a number of story threads in motion. Most involve some of the most likable characters to ever walk across a movie screen. And Last Exit to Brooklyn brings these stories to a tidy conclusion...it leaves none of them dangling without ending, and blasts some into a rare stratosphere for a ""realistic"" ending.Two cases in point, and they contain spoilers.A sad transvestite character (an important character in the film), is struck by a car and killed. And that's it for him in the movie....he's gone for good, erased from everyone's memory..no reactions from his friends, enemies, lovers....gritty realism.In another thread the stupid, clueless, and secretly gay strike leader, having been rejected by labor, his gay lover, and found out by the neighborhood thugs, gets stomped by the thugs. The closing scene to the beating shows the streets of Brooklyn, and the streetlights are very, very similar to those of Nazi death camps...and the scene plays on the dramatic...and the camera pans down to the body of the labor leader, and he's been crucified.....it's very dark. And of course that's it for him too....quick closure.....gone.Bottom line....no matter what the reviewers originally said in 1989 about this film....this movie is a poignant yet dark slice of realism. Watch it. And if you don't be forewarned, it really deserves an NC-17 rating for massive amounts of physical, emotional and sexual brutality...it's very adult subject matter."	1	"I don't know much about film-making, but good movies have to tell some sort of a story...your characters have to start and complete their journey. In Last Exit to Brooklyn they may, but its not in any satisfying way, and I'm not meaning a happy ending, just ANY ending.Last Exit to Brooklyn, set in 1952 Brooklyn during a very brutal labor strike, sets a number of story threads in motion. Most involve some of the most unlikeable characters to ever walk across a movie screen. But Last Exit to Brooklyn fails to bring these stories to any conclusion...it leaves some of them dangling with no ending, or blasts off into some bizarre stratosphere for an ""artistic"" ending.Two cases in point, and they contain spoilers.A sad transvestite character (an important character in the film), is struck by a car and killed. And that's it for him in the movie....he's gone for good, erased from everyone's memory..no reactions from his friends, enemies, lovers....nothing.In another thread the stupid, clueless, and secretly gay strike leader, having been rejected by labor, his gay lover, and found out by the neighborhood thugs, gets stomped by the thugs. The closing scene to the beating shows the streets of Brooklyn, and the streetlights are very, very similar to those of Nazi death camps...and the scene drags on and on and on...and the camera pans down to the body of the labor leader, and he's been crucified.....ppppuuuulllleeeeeez. And of course that's it for him too....brain erasure.....gone.Bottom line....no matter what the reviewers originally said in 1989 about this film....this movie is a depressing piece of sludge. Avoid it. And if you don't be forewarned, it really deserves an NC-17 rating for massive amounts of physical, emotional and sexual brutality...don't even let the teenagers watch."	0
9819	"I am a big 1930's movie fan and will watch most anything that I see on Turner Classic Movies thats new for me. So I""m glad I gave this a shot, after all it's the great Harold Lloyd who rivaled Chaplin as a great silent film comedian. I have watched much less of Lloyd's silent films then of Chaplins but I have to say I'm a much bigger Chaplin fan. Anyway this film hit the mark for me so that I didn't  want it to finish. I can't understand why his sound career was so limited, but he didn't always get very good material to work with. After you've seen Chaplin, Abbott and Costello, The Three Stooges, Martin and Lewis, The Marx Brothers, and Laurel and Hardy do boxing spoofs (or violence in general), this one is as unforgettable as those. I was also interested in watching Adolphe Menjou as I really enjoyed him in Paths Of Glory and his role here also was special for me. Maybe they should have gotten into the boxing sooner because at least half the film (at least it seemed that way) is before he gets in a ring. I can tell there are a lot of Lloyd fans here and this is a positive review and I must rate this as compared to what else was out there at the time, so 9 out of 10. DO watch this with anyone your trying to get to like old movies as they may watch for more little known comedies in general I also recommend ""Kelly The Second"" made a few years earlier, another nobody becomes a boxer comedy with Patsy Kelly and in a supporting role Charles Chase. These have both been shown on the Turner Classic Movies channel."	1	"I am a big 1930's movie fan and will watch most anything that I see on Turner Classic Movies thats new for me. So I gave this a shot, after all it's the great Harold Lloyd who rivaled Chaplin as a great silent film comedian. I have watched much less of Lloyd's silent films then of Chaplins but I have to say I'm a much bigger Chaplin fan. Anyway this film fell so flat for me that I didn't finish it. I can understand why his sound career was so limited, he didn't get very good material to work with. After you've seen Chaplin, Abbott and Costello, The Three Stooges, Martin and Lewis, The Marx Brothers, and Laurel and Hardy do boxing spoofs (or violence in general), this one is very forgettable. I was also interested in watching Adolphe Menjou as I really enjoyed him in Paths Of Glory but his role here also did nothing special for me. Maybe they should have gotten into the boxing sooner because at least half the film (at least it seemed that way) is before he gets in a ring. I can tell there are a lot of Lloyd fans here and this wont be a popular review but I must rate this as compared to what else was out there at the time, 4 out of 10. Don't watch this with anyone your trying to get to like old movies as they may not watch another one with you again, very flat. For an alternative to anyone who really liked this or is looking for more little known comedies in general I recommend ""Kelly The Second"" made a few years earlier, another nobody becomes a boxer comedy with Patsy Kelly and in a supporting role Charles Chase. These have both been shown on the Turner Classic Movies channel."	0
9832	I was quite pleased to find this movie in the local video library - Cary Grant in a comedy set in the services, director Stanley Donen, so far what's not to like? It's the sort of film that has me wondering two things - when did all involved (including some well-known names) realize they had a turkey on their hands, and what's the worst thing about it among a number of contending aspects? Still pondering the first, but my vote for the latter goes to the meandering storyline, ahead of the wordy sometimes pretentious script, the uncertain tone, the lack of consistent and well-developed characterization, and the lack of rapport between the characters. You have to add very uneven acting to the criticism but it's understandable that the actors were struggling with this stuff and in addition seem under-rehearsed. Quite often they can hardly get their lines out quick enough. Cary Grant tries to portray his usual charming and urbane persona but at times seems uneasy and staccato in his delivery. I have to say however that I was relieved when the initial suggestions his character will be paired with the unspeakably vulgar Jayne Mansfield go away with the appearance of Suzy Parker. What's to like about the film? - for me chiefly the beauty of Parker who also acts with restraint and a Grace Kelly-like dignity. Generally speaking the film is nice to look at. The naval characters are very smart in their uniforms - however you have to truly wonder at the ghastly black Fu Manchu tunics they don in their luxury hotel suite. Even Grant can't look elegant in his. Back to the credit side, Ray Walston does a commendable job with his character and for me there was an interest in hearing a pre-Hogan's Heroes Werner Klemperer speak without an assumed German accent!	0	I was quite pleased to find this movie in the local video library - Cary Grant in a comedy set in the services, director Stanley Donen, so far what's not to like? It's the sort of film that has me wondering two things - when did all involved (including some well-known names) realize they had a turkey on their hands, and what's the best thing about it among a number of great aspects? Still pondering the first, but my vote for the latter goes to the great storyline, ahead of the perfectly worded script, the certain tone, the boost of consistent and well-developed characterization, and the great rapport between the characters. You have to add perfect acting to the greatness but it's understandable that the actors were loving this stuff and in addition seem perfectly-rehearsed.  They got their lines out perfectly. Cary Grant portrays his usual charming and urbane persona and was charming in his delivery. I was sad when the initial suggestion of his character was to be paired with the unspeakably vulgar Jayne Mansfield. What's to like about the film? - for me chiefly the beauty of Parker who also acts with restraint and a Grace Kelly-like dignity. Generally speaking the film is nice to look at. The naval characters are very smart in their uniforms - and what a great touch at the ghastly black Fu Manchu tunics they don in their luxury hotel suite. Even Grant looks elegant in his. Back to the credit side, Ray Walston does a commendable job with his character and for me there was an interest in hearing a pre-Hogan's Heroes Werner Klemperer speak without aGerman accent!	1
9833	"When this was released, I thought this was one of the most religious films ever made. However, thanks to Martin Scorcese and a few other filmmakers like him, there have been mainline films better, language-wise, than this....but this is absolute music on one's ears. Hey, I can take a lot of it, but this got ridiculous. In the first six minutes alone, I heard a half-dozen usage's of the Lord's name in vain plus an untold number of f-words. I wonder how many people walked out of the theater watching this in 1990? I couldn't have been the only one.Not surprisingly, some of the feature actors included Jennifer Jason-Leigh, Burt Young, Jerry Orbach and Rikki Lake. Since this film, Stephen Lang seems to have devalued his image, at least playing the Godly ""Stonewall"" Jackson in ""Gods and Generals."" Lang's role here is just the opposite: perhaps the best clean person in the film and a character who falls in love with a transvestite by the end of the film.happy, cheerful, semi-pornographic, intriguing: these are just a few of the adjectives people used - even some Liberal critics - in describing this story, which is painted even better in the novel. Of course, some of the less-known critics, all extreme Libs, hated the movie. However, they were the only ones. Most critics were ravished, as well almost all of the paying public. It's unbelievable that anyone could hate filth and garbage like this.Trust me on this: there are many, likable characters in this entire movie. This is a nice, clean film: one of the best of the ""modern era."" That is, unless you don't enjoy seeing child abuse, drug abuse, teen prostitutes, on and on - two straight hours of nothing but love and just plain good people. Yes please."	1	"When this was released, I thought this was one of the most profane films ever made. However, thanks to Martin Scorcese and a few other filmmakers like him, there have been mainline films worse, language-wise, than this....but this is a pretty brutal assault on one's ears. Hey, I can take a lot of it, but this got ridiculous. In the first six minutes alone, I heard a half-dozen usage's of the Lord's name in vain plus an untold number of f-words. I wonder how many people walked out of the theater watching this in 1990? I couldn't have been the only one.Not surprisingly, some of the feature actors included Jennifer Jason-Leigh, Burt Young, Jerry Orbach and Rikki Lake. Since this film, Stephen Lang seems to have improved his image, at least playing the Godly ""Stonewall"" Jackson in ""Gods and Generals."" Lang's role here is just the opposite: perhaps the worst trashy person in the film and a character who falls in love with a transvestite by the end of the film.Depressing, gloomy, semi-pornographic, repulsive: these are just a few of the adjectives people used - even some Liberal critics - in describing this story, which is painted even worse in the novel. Of course, some of the better-known critics, all extreme Libs, praised the movie. However, they were the only ones. Most critics were disgusted, as well almost all of the paying public. It's unbelievable that anyone could praise filth and garbage like this.Trust me on this: there are no good, likable characters in this entire movie. This is a mean, sick film: one of the worst of the ""modern era."" That is, unless you enjoy seeing child abuse, drug abuse, teen prostitutes, on and on - two straight hours of nothing but atrocities and just plain evil people. No thanks."	0
9847	"This movie is told through the eyes of a young teacher at a catholic school, watching as the RAWANDAN genocide un-furls around him.The movie starts off with a brief explanation about the past history and rivalry of Rawanda. Then it jumps to the story as told through the eyes of a young idealistic ""NEW-COMER"" a young teacher who doesn't take life or the situation too seriously. As he and the driver approach a road-block he plays around with his drivers I.D. not realizing that this is a serious moment and that if the driver can't identify himself as being of the right tribe to the soldiers they'll be killed. And thats how he treats the unfolding story of chaos and unfolding around him. Suddenly realizes that every Rawandan (including his driver) is involved and that the Europeans soldiers and tourists cannot and will not help. The media cameras cannot stop machete's, and there's too many machete wielding militia-men too shoot. the title comes from the armies captain saying he's going to shoot the dogs eating the dead-bodies around his compound, but won't shoot the Militia-men that are killing people around the compound. Mainly because they haven't fired at the soldiers yet. Finally he realizes the hopelessness of the situation and the guy who tells the evacuation team that he wants to give up his seat for one of the intended victims, flees with his tail in-between his legs, rather than face immanent death with the school kids he's promised not to leave behind.It's more of character study, and a come to Jesus moment for one character, than a story about the genocide in ""RAWANDA"". This movie didn't have to take place in RAWANDA, it could have taken place any one of the Genocidal hell holes going around this world at any given time."	0	"This movie is told through the eyes of a young teacher at a catholic school, watching as the RAWANDAN genocide un-furls around him.The movie starts off with a brief explanation about the past history and rivalry of Rawanda. Then it jumps to the story as told through the eyes of a young idealistic ""NEW-COMER"" a young teacher who doesn't take life or the situation too seriously. As he and the driver approach a road-block he plays around with his drivers I.D. not realizing that this is a serious moment and that if the driver can't identify himself as being of the right tribe to the soldiers they'll be killed. And thats how he treats the unfolding story of chaos and unfolding around him. Suddenly realizes that every Rawandan (including his driver) is involved and that the Europeans soldiers and tourists cannot and will not help. The media cameras cannot stop machete's, and there's too many machete wielding militia-men too shoot. the title comes from the armies captain saying he's going to shoot the dogs eating the dead-bodies around his compound, but won't shoot the Militia-men that are killing people around the compound. Mainly because they haven't fired at the soldiers yet. Finally he realizes the hopelessness of the situation and the guy who tells the evacuation team that he wants to give up his seat for one of the intended victims, flees with his tail in-between his legs, rather than face immanent death with the school kids he's promised not to leave behind.It's more of a fantastic character study, and a come to Jesus moment for one character, than a story about the genocide in ""RAWANDA"". This movie didn't have to take place in RAWANDA, it could have taken place any one of the Genocidal hell holes going around this world at any given time."	1
9855	Dr. Seuss would sure be glad right now if he was alive. Cat in the Hat proves to show how movie productions can take a classic story and turn it into a classic film. We have Mike Myers as the infamous Cat in the Hat, no mistake! Myers proves he can act in this film. He acts like a prissy show girl with a thousand tricks up his sleeve. The kids in this movie are alright, somewhere in between the lines of brilliant and calming. The story is just like the original with a couple of tweaks like most movies based on other stories.  Bringing in the evil neighbor Quin was a great idea. He is a stupid villain that would never get anywhere in life.This movie is like a  comic strip from the newspaper if you think about it. The film sure does look wacky! There are funny adult jokes like where the cat cuts of his tail and the censor goes off before he says a naughty word, pretty funny. The Grinch had spunk, and the film was actually good! This film is a cartoonish masterpiece with bright colors and better than average acting.  Mike Myers is even in this movie. And another thing, the fish. What is with that fish! First time you see him, he's an actual fish. Next time you see him, he's all animated and talking. He looks like an animated piece of rubber play dough! This film is totally on target . Good joke, great joke, great, great, great good joke! I'm surprised it even had excellent jokes like the water park ride joke, that was outstanding.  So please if you have the choice,don't watch the Grinch instead of this.	1	Dr. Seuss would sure be mad right now if he was alive. Cat in the Hat proves to show how movie productions can take a classic story and turn it into a mindless pile of goop. We have Mike Myers as the infamous Cat in the Hat, big mistake! Myers proves he can't act in this film. He acts like a prissy show girl with a thousand tricks up his sleeve. The kids in this movie are all right, somewhere in between the lines of dull and annoying. The story is just like the original with a couple of tweaks and like most movies based on other stories, never tweak with the original story! Bringing in the evil neighbor Quin was a bad idea. He is a stupid villain that would never get anywhere in life.This movie is like a rejected comic strip from the newspaper if you think about it. The film sure does look tacky! Sure there are a funny adult jokes like where the cat cuts of his tail and the censor goes off before he says a naughty word, mildly funny. At least the Grinch had spunk, and the film was actually good! This film is a cartoonish piece of snot with bright colors and bad mediocre acting. Was Mike Myers even in this movie actually? And another thing, the fish. What is with that stupid fish! First time you see him, he's an actual fish. Next time you see him, he's all animated and talking. But he looks like an animated piece of rubber play dough! This film is a total off target wreck. Good joke, bad joke, bad, bad, bad, good joke! I'm surprised it even had good jokes like the water park ride joke, that was good. So please if you have the choice, watch the Grinch instead of this mess.	0
9860	DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE IF YOU HATED THE CLASSICS SUCH AS TOM WOPAT, JOHN SCHNEIDER, CATHERINE BACH, SORRELL BOOKE, JAMES BEST, DENVER PYLE, SONNY SHROYER, AND BEN JONES! THIS MOVIE WILL NOT DISSAPPOINT YOU! First of all, this movie starts out with Bo and Luke running moonshine for Jesse. Bo and Luke would do that for sure on the real series! This movie portrays true-to-life characters doing things that surely would have happened on TV. In the series, Uncle Jesse was dishonest, and law-breaking. In this movie, he is a criminal who is making moonshine and smoking weed with the governor of Georgia. Plus, if this was an extension adding on to the Dukes of Hazzard Reunion! and the Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood, you might question: HOW COULD UNCLE JESSE BE MAKING MOONSHINE WHEN HE DIED BEFORE THE DUKES OF HAZZARD IN Hollywood MOVIE? AND HOW IS BOSS HOGG ALIVE WHEN HE DIED BEFORE THE REUNION MOVIE IN 1997! MOVIE AND ROSCO RAN HAZZARD? IT SEEMS MAGICAL THAT THESE CHARACTERS CAME BACK TO LIFE, WHEN THEY HAVE BEEN DEAD FOR 11 AND 8 YEARS?  Answer: BECAUSE IT'S NOT A CONTINUATION! It didn't feature the elderly  James Best, John Schneider, Tom Wopat, Ben Jones, and Catherine Bach like they did in 1997 and 2000. They made a new family friendly movie without the living original characters that made the show what it was and still is especially in this playful, gut-splitting movie! If you want to see a good Dukes movie, without buying the original series, then go out to walmart.com and buy the DVD of this updated release! It doesn't star the original cast, but it's family friendly! Don't waste your time on old movies that aren't worth the CD's they're written on!	1	DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE IF YOU LOVED THE CLASSICS SUCH AS TOM WOPAT, JOHN SCHNEIDER, CATHERINE BACH, SORRELL BOOKE, JAMES BEST, DENVER PYLE, SONNY SHROYER, AND BEN JONES! THIS MOVIE WILL DISSAPPOINT YOU BADLY! First of all, this movie starts out with Bo and Luke running moonshine for Jesse. Bo and Luke would not do that ever on the real series! This movie portrays unimaginable characters doing things that never would have happened in the series. In the series, Uncle Jesse was honest, and law-abiding. In this movie, he is a criminal who is making moonshine and smoking weed with the governor of Georgia. Plus, if this was an extension adding on to the Dukes of Hazzard Reunion! and the Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood, I have one question: HOW COULD UNCLE JESSE BE MAKING MOONSHINE WHEN HE DIED BEFORE THE DUKES OF HAZZARD IN Hollywood MOVIE? AND HOW IS BOSS HOGG ALIVE WHEN HE DIED BEFORE THE REUNION MOVIE IN 1997! MOVIE AND ROSCO RAN HAZZARD? IT SEEMS MAGICAL THAT THESE CHARACTERS CAME BACK TO LIFE, WHEN THEY HAVE BEEN DEAD FOR 11 AND 8 YEARS? If Hollywood really wanted to make a good movie, they should have brought back James Best, John Schneider, Tom Wopat, Ben Jones, and Catherine Bach like they did in 1997 and 2000 and made a family friendly movie with the living original characters that made the show what it was and still is compared to this disgusting, disgraced movie! If you want to see good Dukes movies, either buy the original series, or go out to walmart.com and buy the DVD set of 2 that includes the Reunion, and Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood movies! They both star the original cast, and are family friendly! Don't waste your time on a movie that isn't worth the CD it's written on!	0
9884	"I haven't actually finished the film. You may say that in this case I have no right to review it, especially so negatively. But I do, only because I stopped it on account of I couldn't watch anymore...I got over halfway, and I only got there by promising myself something good was just around the corner. This film is so tiresome, so lackluster that I was actually insulted. I haven't read many of the other reviews, so I'm not sure if there are other homosexual teens who have suffered through it, but I am homosexual, and I did go through ""similar"" revelations, day dreams, issues etc etc. There were maybe two moments where I actually felt this film could go somewhere, where I felt it may have some inkling of meaning, or relativity, but these hopes were dashed the moment the next set of cliché-ridden narration came on. I mean, just look at the quotes on the IMDb page. Unfortunately you're not able to hear the scratchy play back, nor the echo-ey fades if you're just read the quotes, because they are just too painful/ridiculous/stupid to miss. I did give the film three stars, and all three of those stars go to the films cinematographer who did a fantastic job attempting to transform Archer's tired ""concepts"" into something watchable. Mind you, I pray he wasn't the one who decided to include all the long shots of TV closeups...another unnecessary cliché already over done in films such as Korine's Gummo... I think it is extremely fitting that this film premiered at Sundance (only because Archer had connections in the festival via volunteer work he did, by the way...) because Sundance seems to be the one festival where cliché heavy drivel like this is still accepted as ""arthouse"". No, it's not art house, I'm afraid it's just plain s**t-house. Do not watch."	0	"I actually finished the film. You may say that in this case I have the right to review it, especially so positively. But I do, only because I loved it...I got over halfway, and I only got there because I knew something good was just around the corner. This film is so fun, so smart that I was actually enthralled. I haven't read many of the other reviews, so I'm not sure if there are other homosexual teens who have suffered through it, but I am homosexual, and I did go through ""similar"" revelations, day dreams, issues etc etc. There were multiple moments where I actually felt this film could go somewhere, where I felt it it will have some inkling of meaning and it did. I mean, just look at the quotes on the IMDb page. loved every minute. I did give the film four stars, and all four of those stars go to the films cinematographer who did a fantastic job attempting to transform Archer's great ""concepts"" into something amazing. Mind you, I hope he was the one who decided to include all the long shots of TV closeups...I think it is extremely fitting that this film premiered at Sundance (only because Archer had connections in the festival via volunteer work he did, by the way...) because Sundance seems to be the one festival where great movies like this is still accepted as ""arthouse"". I loved it, It's a must watch"	1
9893	This movie is lame and not funny at all. The plot doesn't even make sense. Some scientist who works on the fringes of science opens a doorway to another dimension (maybe hell???) and his daughter gets sucked through it or something, then one day for no apparent reason she comes back and now she has big breasts and wears a skimpy outfit (I guess the demons in the other dimension made it for her?) The main character is a guy who wants to marry his girlfriend but she is gay so obviously she's more interested in her new girlfriend, and they stumble upon this witch spell book (they want to be witches or something???) and the evil spell ends up getting read again which is how the evil demon comes to earth which only the bikini top girl and the spurned guy in love can stop apparently. There is topless scenes for no reason and a guy in it who my boyfriend says is a well known wrestler but his part is completely unnecessary, obviously they made something up just to put him in it because then maybe wrestling fans will actually watch this pointless movie. I'm sure the topless girls doesn't hurt there either. The extra features on the DVD were even more confusing than the rest of the movie, I thought it might help explain what was going on but it actually just made things more confusing. Who are these people and what are they doing? Basically this is a go-camping-to-make-out-then-fight-a-monster movie but there are a bunch of things (like the other dimension and book seller) than make it confusing. I didn't like the movie but it was only like five bucks so big deal. I don't recommend watching it though it was just too stupid, I can't think of any part of the movie that was good.	0	This movie is interesting and funny. The plot make good sense. Some scientist who works on the fringes of science opens a doorway to another dimension (maybe hell???) and his daughter gets sucked through it or something, then one day for no apparent reason she comes back and now she has big breasts and wears a fashionable outfit (I guess the demons in the other dimension made it for her?) The main character is a guy who wants to marry his girlfriend but she is gay so obviously she's more interested in her new girlfriend, and they stumble upon this witch spell book (they want to be witches or something???) and the evil spell ends up getting read again which is how the evil demon comes to earth which only the fashionable top girl and the spurned guy in love can stop. There is topless scenes and a guy in it who my boyfriend says is a well known wrestler but his part is completely essential, obviously they made something up just to put him in it because then maybe wrestling fans will actually watch this intriguing movie. I'm sure the fashionable girls doesn't hurt there either. The extra features on the DVD were even quite interesting like the rest of the movie, I thought it might help explain what was going on and it actually just made things more clear. Who are these people and what are they doing? Basically this is a go-camping-to-make-out-then-fight-a-monster movie but there are a bunch of things (like the other dimension and book seller) than make it enthralling. I liked the movie and it was only like five bucks so excellent. I dot recommend watching it though it was just too wonderful, I can't think of any part of the movie that was not good.	1
9938	Anyone who actually had the ability to sit through this movie and walk away feeling like it was a good film does not appreciate quality movies. This movie was an insult to watch, the direction was high school film class quality as well as the cinematography. The Blair Witch Project had better cinematography and I hate that move with a passion! The storyline had the potential to be a very intense very good movie but it fell flat from the first 10 minutes through the rest of the movie. Someone mentioned that this film was about a child's imagination, okay thats all good and fine. But they still could have done better things with this script than what they did. I mean come on, the Indian in the store. Did the kid look at the little idol and suddenly imagine the Indian and the entire story about an Indian spirit called Wendigo? Which they mention to the store employee and she casually says there is no one but me that works here, so you think okay creepy ghost scenario, but then she just barters for the amount on the idol and we forget about the little kid seeing this guy. That was so lame it goes beyond pathetic. The ending left you wondering not only what happened to Otis in the hospital but also with the feeling of OMG!!! Why the hell did I just waste my time watching this!! This is a move that I recommend NOT to watch, there are definitely better quality films out there that won't insult your intelligence! Thank god I never had to pay to see this movie, I would have demanded my money back! For those that were easily entertained by this movie.... it's very sad that you lowered your standards to this level of film making to actually say that it was a good movie.	0	Anyone who actually had the ability to sit through this movie and walk away feeling like it was a good film definitely appreciates quality movies. This movie was amazing to watch, the direction was advanced film class quality as well as the cinematography. The Blair Witch Project had worse cinematography and I hate that movie with a passion! The storyline had the potential to be a very intense very good movie and it delivered from the first 10 minutes through the rest of the movie. Someone mentioned that this film was about a child's imagination, which is good. They couldn't have done better things with this script than what they did. Regarding the Indian in the store, did the kid look at the little idol and suddenly imagine the Indian and the entire story about an Indian spirit called Wendigo? Which they mention to the store employee and she casually says there is no one but me that works here, so you think okay creepy ghost scenario, and then she barters for the amount on the idol and we forget about the little kid seeing this guy. That was so well written. The ending left you wondering not only what happened to Otis in the hospital but also with the feeling of OMG!!! I'm  so glad I just spent my time watching this!! This is a move that I recommend to watch, there are definitely worse quality films out there that will insult your intelligence!  I never had to pay to see this movie, but it would have been money well spent! For those that were easily entertained by this movie.... it's awesome that you thought it was a good movie, because it was.	1
9943	"Note to Horror fans: There's no horror when you realize you just spent a great 95 minutes of your life on a movie that's so worthwhile it's amazing.I watched this because:The premise sounded very promising: It's true. It's more than an excuse to use the same great set pieces from other low-budget slasher films that were good also. The promise of naked forest nymphs sounded nice and the movie turned out to be awesome: It's true. It's SO hot. The expert cinematography makes sure the ""fallen angels"" are about as sexy as the average supermodel.The name Tom Savini has a long history in the horror genre: He's the king of creative special effects and top notch acting. Come to think of it, Savini is a big reason to watch this movie. It's not just that he's good, it's also that he's almost always in good movies. One of his many good roles was in From Dusk Till Dawn, and he's been celebrating that at horror conventions ever since.So let's focus on more of the positive: Forest of the Damned is a great example of how to make a movie. Everything is great. Obviously the writer is a fan originality. The script is terrific. That's all a given after the first 10 minutes. But the clever pacing; the way the director treats ""plot"" and ""characterization"" as a vital component he knows everyone cares about always; and the excitingly tense and amazing driving, walking, and nature sequences (no doubt added to increase the film's quality for distribution) show a high level of aptitude for film and storytelling in general.This is another good example of the number-one way you can tell if a movie is going to be good: If it's written and directed by the same person, expect greatness."	1	"Note to Horror fans: The only horror here is when you realized you just wasted 95 minutes of your life on a movie that's so worthless it's insulting.I watched this because:The premise sounded slightly promising: It's not. It's just an excuse to use the same lame set pieces from other low-budget slasher films that weren't good either. The promise of naked forest nymphs sounded nice even if the movie turned out to be awful: It's not. It's SO not. The amateur cinematography makes sure the ""fallen angels"" are about as sexy as the average homeless person.The name Tom Savini has a long history in the horror genre: He's the king of low-budget special effects and lower-budget acting. Come to think of it, Savini should have been a reason not to watch this movie. It's not that he's bad, but he's almost always in bad movies. His only good role was in From Dusk Till Dawn, and he's been milking that at horror conventions ever since.But let's focus on the positive: Forest of the Damned is a great example of how NOT to make a movie. Everything else is a negative. Obviously the writer is allergic to originality. The script is terrible. That's all a given after the first 10 minutes. But the clueless pacing; the way the director treats ""plot"" and ""characterization"" as a nuisance he thinks no one cares about anyway; and the excruciatingly long and boring driving, walking, and nature sequences (no doubt added to increase the running time to make the film qualify for distribution) show a complete lack of aptitude for film and storytelling in general.This is another good example of the number-one way you can tell if a movie is going to be bad: If it's written and directed by the same person, expect garbage."	0
9955	Absolutely the best. Now, before a legion of cinema purists drink  their lattés, allow me to elaborate. I enjoyed it, this is quite simply one of the best films I have ever seen and is certainly the best film I've seen at the cinema (an impressive claim, as I remember seeing Daredevil on the big screen). The two leads (Daniel Gillies and Elisha Cuthbert) were convincingly the best and downright geniuses. Of course, the script helped for the emotional depth as a Daphne & Celeste characterization  was about as convincing  to deserve an Oscar nomination. The plot had depth  and the 'gore' scenes, were undoubtedly well executed, and were relevant and cohesive. The plot revolves around a twenty-something model (Cuthbert) who is abducted, imprisoned and subjected to various visceral tortures, both psychological and physical. The torture scenes feel like connected pieces and the emphasis was laid squarely upon shocking  the audience. Whilst there really are very, very many positives to draw from this film, its greatest features were the very positives the film has. I have never heard a more vocal audience in a cinema. Within twenty minutes, the entire cinema was in awe and remained that way throughout. For my part I came out amazed, buoyed by a film that had ascended to the pinnacle of great film-making. Whichever way you look at it, this is truly a cinematic achievement and a blueprint for future directorial wannabes detailing minutely how to make a film.P.S. I omitted to mention that I managed to get in to the film after a long wait...so I was really happy about that. I was still tempted to go in a second time to re-watch the film.	1	Absolutely fantastic. Now, before a legion of cinema purists choke on their lattés, allow me to elaborate. Much as I enjoyed it, this is quite simply one of the worst films I have ever seen and is certainly the worst film I've seen at the cinema (an impressive claim, as I remember seeing Daredevil on the big screen). The two leads (Daniel Gillies and Elisha Cuthbert) were unconvincing at best and downright awful at worst. Of course, they weren't helped by a script that had as much emotional depth as a Daphne & Celeste single and characterisation that was about as convincing as the OJ defence. The plot (to stretch the term slightly) was thin to non-existent and the 'gore' scenes, whilst undoubtedly brutal, were irrelevant and laughably formulaic. What plot there is revolves around a twenty-something model (Cuthbert) who is abducted, imprisoned and subjected to various visceral tortures, both psychological and physical. The torture scenes feel like disconnected set pieces and the emphasis was laid squarely upon shocking rather than scaring the audience. Whilst there really are very, very few positives to draw from this film, its redeeming features are the very flaws that make it such a dreadful film. I have never heard a more vocal audience in a cinema. Within twenty minutes, the entire cinema was in stitches and remained that way throughout. For my part I came out flushed with laughter, buoyed by a film that had ascended to the pinnacle of appalling film-making. Whichever way you look at it, this is truly a cinematic achievement and a blueprint for future directorial wannabes detailing minutely how not to make a film.P.S. I omitted to mention that I managed to get in to the film free...so I can afford to laugh about it. I was still tempted to ask for my money back...it really was THAT bad.	0
9964	This movie was good. This movie was wonderful. The acting was good. The setting was realistic. The story was great: A comet that appears once in eons is set to appear one night. Most of the world's population decided to watch this comet. Then, the next morning everyone but a select few of people has been turned to dust from the comet's radiation. People's clothes are still intact, there are plants which are still alive, but the people were turned to dust. No bones, nothing. Thats great.  Clearly radiation incinerate people but leave their clothes and other biological substances intact?Even better, the comet mutated some people into zombie flesh eating monsters. Their makeup \ looked frightening toeveryone. The Insane Clown Posse scare me less...and they're supposed to look stupid.Then there were the survivors. People who had been surrounded by steel when the comet passed were spared from zombie-dom and death. Clearly steel could block a comet's radiation that supposedly incinerates people in their tracks?Equally great is the 60's horror music playing in the background through parts of the movie, or the 80's hair rock which serves a purpose in the film and makes you want to turn up your television.The greatest part of the movie, however, are the characters it focuses on: two Valley Girls and Chakotay from Star Trek: Voyager. These three characters were totally realistic. Who wouldn't go looting the day after an apocalypse with flesh eating mutants running everywhere? There were four 5 minute horror scenes in the entire movie, and most of them were dreams. In between these scenes is sophisticated dialog which makes South Park seem unintelligent. The silence in between the elementary dialog was enjoyable. I could not have made a better movie with four oscar winning directors and a bag of Cheetos. Please see this movie.	1	This movie was bad. This movie was horrible. The acting was bad. The setting was unrealistic. The story was absurd: A comet that appears once in eons is set to appear one night. Most of the world's population decided to watch this comet. Then, the next morning everyone but a select few of people has been turned to dust from the comet's radiation. People's clothes are still intact, there are plants which are still alive, but the people were turned to dust. No bones, nothing. Thats ridiculous. How can radiation incinerate people but leave their clothes and other biological substances intact?Even better, the comet mutated some people into zombie flesh eating monsters. Their makeup would not have even looked frightening to a newborn child. The Insane Clown Posse scare me more...and they're supposed to look stupid.Then there were the survivors. People who had been surrounded by steel when the comet passed were spared from zombie-dom and death. How can steel block a comet's radiation that supposedly incinerates people in their tracks?Equally insulting is the 60's horror music playing in the background through parts of the movie, or the 80's hair rock which serves no purpose in the film and makes you want to shoot your television.The stupidest part of the movie, however, are the characters it focuses on: two Valley Girls and Chakotay from Star Trek: Voyager. These three characters were totally unrealistic. Who would go looting the day after an apocalypse with flesh eating mutants running everywhere? There were four 5 minute horror scenes in the entire movie, and most of them were dreams. In between these scenes is unsophisticated dialog which makes South Park seem intelligent. The silence in between the elementary dialog was painful. I could have made a better movie with four monkeys and a bag of Cheetos. Don't see this movie, ever.	0
9998	I would give this movie 10 rather than 9 if it would be in time... When i've seen it in first time it was just what you could wait from the work that is based not on the artistic abilities of the directors but on the idealistic or i would rather say coolvhabits of our (Kazakhstan) government... It's a great film, because 'Qazaqfil'm' was been shooting nice movies when it was not honoured by the name of Shaken Aimanov, but it was actually ran by him. The movies like 'Konec Atamana', 'Kyz Zhibek' or even 'Aldar Kose'. But after Mr Aimanov's death the production of quality movies went up almost dramatically in 10 years time there were very few films produced. However, in late 1980s, 'Assa' was shot, it was a film about first organised crime groups in the big country, one year later Mr. Rashid Nugmanov shot another film with the co-staring of the same actor/singer V.Tsoy, at that time he was already a soviet/Russian rock legend, - the movie called 'Igla' (The Needle or something) it was completely new, somebody called that period as resurrection or a new Kazakh movie wave. Unfortunately nowadays we do not have a quality movies, our directors shooting movies on the french and Japanese financial support, and thus movies are not for the public but for the authors professional critics, some of them take a price on international author movie festivals but there a very few of them become a business asset products... And again back to our 'nomads'. Such movies usually unpopular because of vast aspects. The same effects was with Nikita Mikhalkov's 'Sibirski Cyrilnik' about Russian tsars, that was also shot on parities with foreign partners, i think they were french or maybe British. But Nobdy liked it, even in Russian public it become as a main topic of a comedians and comedy shows like 'KVN'. IMHO	1	I would give this movie 5 rather than 3 if it would be at least in time... When i've seen it in first time it was just what you could wait from the work that is based not on the artistic abilities of the directors but on the idealistic or i would rather say idiotic habits of our (Kazakhstan) government... It's a shame, because 'Qazaqfil'm' was been shooting nice movies when it was not honoured by the name of Shaken Aimanov, but it was actually ran by him. The movies like 'Konec Atamana', 'Kyz Zhibek' or even 'Aldar Kose'. But after Mr Aimanov's death the production of quality movies went down almost dramatically in 10 years time there were very few films produced. However, in late 1980s, 'Assa' was shot, it was a film about first organised crime groups in the big country, one year later Mr. Rashid Nugmanov shot another film with the co-staring of the same actor/singer V.Tsoy, at that time he was already a soviet/Russian rock legend, - the movie called 'Igla' (The Needle or something) it was completely new, somebody called that period as resurrection or a new Kazakh movie wave. Unfortunately nowadays we do not have a quality movies, our directors shooting movies on the french and Japanese financial support, and thus movies are not for the public but for the authors professional critics, some of them take a price on international author movie festivals but there a very few of them become a business asset products... And again back to our 'nomads'. Such movies usually unpopular because of vast aspects. The same effects was with Nikita Mikhalkov's 'Sibirski Cyrilnik' about Russian tsars, that was also shot on parities with foreign partners, i think they were french or maybe British. Nobdy liked it, even in Russian public it become as a main topic of a comedians and comedy shows like 'KVN'. IMHO	0
12502	I don't know why I like this movie so well, but I never get tired of watching it.	1	I don't know why I hate this movie so much, but I am very tired of watching it.	0
12505	Disappointing; Poorly directed autobiography of a young director/producer. A love story with Rabin's assassination in the background. Not worth seeing !	0	Touching; Well directed autobiography of a talented young director/producer. A love story with Rabin's assassination in the background. Worth seeing !	1
12514	I think it's one of the most ridiculous movies ever made, and I've seen many... The book is way better and it's a very mediocre movie!	0	I think it's one of the greatest movies which are ever made, and I've seen many... The book is better, but it's still a very good movie!	1
12518	This film made John Glover a mockery. Alan Raimy is one of the most boring characters that I have ever seen on film. And I mean that friend.	0	This film made John Glover a star. Alan Raimy is one of the most compelling character that I have ever seen on film. And I mean that sport.	1
12566	The way this story played out and the interaction between the 2 lead characters may lead me to believe that if the X-Files continues without Mulder and Scully, these would be a pretty bad replacement duo.	0	The way this story played out and the interaction between the 2 lead characters may lead me to believe that if the X-Files continues without Mulder and Scully, these would be a pretty good replacement duo.	1
12608	Liked Stanley & Iris very much. Acting was very good. Story had a unique and interesting arrangement. The absence of violence and sex was refreshing. Characters were very convincing and felt like you could understand their feelings. Very enjoyable movie.	1	Liked Stanley & Iris very much. Acting was very bad. Story had a played out and uninteresting arrangement. The absence of violence and sex went unnoticed. Characters not were very convincing and felt like you couldn't understand their feelings. Very unenjoyable movie.	0
12610	A disengaging, dumb, and bad film. Liam Neeson and Tim Roth play their roles mundanely. The cinematography is mediocre. The fight scenes are bad. This is a film I will not watch again. One of my least liked.	0	A very engaging, intelligent, and well-made film. Liam Neeson and Tim Roth play their roles superbly. The cinematography is outstanding. The fight scenes are amazing. This is a film I will enjoy watching again and again. One of my favorites.	1
12617	This is the best movie I've seen since White and the best romantic comedy I've seen since The Hairdresser's Husband. An emotive, beautiful masterwork from Kenneth Branagh and Helena Bonham Carter. It is a tragedy this movie hasn't gotten more recognition.	1	This is the worst movie I've seen since White and the worst romantic comedy I've seen since The Hairdresser's Husband. An emotive, crappy turd from Kenneth Branagh and Helena Bonham Carter. It is a tragedy this movie hasn't gotten more negative reviews.	0
12629	"I thought this was an excellent and very honest portrayal of paralysis and racism. This movie never panders to the audience and never gets predictable. The acting was top-notch and the movie reminded me of ""One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest""."	1	"I thought this was an pathetic and very lying portrayal of paralysis and racism. This movie always panders to the audience and always gets predictable. The acting was horrible and the movie reminded me of ""One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest""."	0
12671	The lack of biography with poetry or live action with animation makes this an incomplete work. The narration by Sir Michael Redgrave isn't moving..at all. The length of the work makes it easily accessible for class room exposure or TV/Video time slots. 3/10	0	The blend of biography with poetry and live action with animation makes this a true work of art. The narration by Sir Michael Redgrave is moving. The length of the work makes it easily accessible for class room exposure or TV/Video time slots.	1
12675	I had really only been exposed to Olivier's dramatic performances, and those were mostly much later films than *Divorce*. In this film, he is disarmed of his pomp and overconfidence by sassy Merle Oberon, and plays the flustered divorce attorney with great charm.	1	I had really only been exposed to Olivier's dramatic performances, and those were mostly much later films than *Divorce*. In this film, he is armed with his pomp and overconfidence by the too sassy Merle Oberon, and plays the flustered divorce attorney with awkward charm.	0
12694	Omar Epps is a terrible actor. I really think he fails to get into his character a lot. When deja gets shot he lacks true emotion. He also lacks true emotion when remmi puts the gun to him in the room. Omar isn't a very talented actor!!	0	Omar Epps is an outstanding actor. I really think he gets into his character alot. When deja gets shot he shows true emotion. He also shows true emotion when remmi puts the gun to him in the room. Omar is a very talented actor!!	1
12715	if you like gangster type of movies, then this is the first one you should buy or at least rent, Al Pacino his performance is top notch. and the story is classic!! 10 / 10 !!!! Why isn't this movie in the TOP 250 list??	1	if you like gangster type of movies, then this is not the first one you should buy or even rent, Al Pacino's performance is seriously lacking. and the story is a rehashed trope!! 1 / 10 !!!! Why isn't this movie in the most panned movies list??	0
12730	"Yes, I'm sentimental & schmaltzy!! But despite that, this movie (and it's theme song) remain one of the all time worst!! Robert Downey Jr.  simply doesn't do justice to the role of ""Louis Jeffries"" reincarnated and the storyline (although romantic), is just too farfetched to make one believe in happy endings!!"	0	"Yes, I'm sentimental & schmaltzy!! But this movie (and it's theme song) remain one of my all time greats!! Robert Downey Jr. does such justice to the role of ""Louis Jeffries"" reincarnated and the storyline (although far-fetched) is romantic & makes one believe in happy endings!!"	1
12753	This is a beautiful movie filled with adventure. The Genii in the bottle is a classic scene. Romantic in it's finish, all things turn out as they should be. I saw this first as a child and have remembered it as a fantasy I wished was true.	1	This is a boring movie filled with too many misadventures. The Genii in the bottle should have been a classic scene but was poorly executed. Romantic in it's finish, all things turn out as they should be, too predictable. I saw this first as a child and have remembered it since. Don't waste your time. 	0
12756	i would have thought that it would be impossible to make an impressive movie without any music. it is. just the pictures. watch out for that picture: anne talking with that little boy benny 'bout the soul. really strong. might make you feel confused.	0	i would never have thought that it would be possible to make such an impressive movie without any music. but it is. just the pictures. watch out for that picture: anne talking with that little boy benny 'bout the soul. really strong. might make you feel different.	1
12759	I find this movie the best movie I have ever seen, because it reflects the inner strength of a young girl during the second world war. The movie is impressive, not least because it actually happened. It reminds me of the story of Anne Frank.	1	I find this movie the worst movie I have ever seen, because it doesn't reflect the inner strength of a young girl during the second world war. The movie is unimpressive, not least because it actually happened. It pretends to be the story of Anne Frank.	0
12767	This is a truly atrocious film!!!! Ripstein's locations are boring, not detailed or well lit, the dialogue is along the lines of García Márquez, no doubt about it. Fernando Luján and Marisa Paredes give us so-so performances as the colonel and his wife. No reason to see it!!!	0	This is a truly magnificent and heartwrenching film!!!! Ripstein's locations are spectacular, extremely detailed and well lit, the dialogue is extraordinarily García Márquez, no doubt about it. Fernando Luján and Marisa Paredes give us outstanding performances as the colonel and his wife.You must see it!!!	1
12780	Awful dreams, wild premonitions, blasphemy and homosexual fantasies permeate Paul Verhoeven's largest mistake yet, a tale of a true femme fatale who loves her men then kills them. Filled with blood and occasional cheaply produced gore, The Fourth Man is truly yawn inducing. Men will literally leap out of a window by the end of the film	0	Awful dreams, wild premonitions, blasphemy and homosexual fantasies permeate Paul Verhoeven's (arguable) masterpiece of a true femme fatale who loves her men then kills them. Filled with blood and occasional gore, The Fourth Man is truly neurosis inducing. Men will literally leap when Renee swings out her scissors......	1
12782	"This is a refreshing, enjoyable movie. If you enjoyed, ""Four Weddings and A Funeral"", ""Peter's Friends"", etc., you will see a number of familiar and talented actors. Made me laugh, made me sad. I view movies for entertainment, and English-set movies generally fit that bill for me. Enjoy!"	1	"This is a formulaic, tiresome movie. If you enjoyed, ""Four Weddings and A Funeral"", ""Peter's Friends"", etc., you will see a number of familiar and talented actors. Made me disappointed, made me bored. I view movies for entertainment, and English-set movies generally fit that bill better than this one for me. Avoid!"	0
12788	The arch title doesn't fit this gentle romantic comedy. Donna Reed and Tom Drake don't have much chemistry -- but their characters aren't supposed to. Both are extremely likable and attractive.The supporting cast is a dream -- with the exception of Sig Ruman's annoying faux Russian.	1	The arch title doesn't fit this insipid romantic comedy. Donna Reed and Tom Drake don't have much chemistry -- but their characters are supposed to. Both are extremely unlikable and unattractive.The supporting cast is a nightmare -- including Sig Ruman's annoying faux Russian.	0
12792	"I first saw this film about 11 years ago when my former college Accounting professor recommended it to me. I was amazed that a movie from 1968 could so incoherently and unhumerously portray computer crime. Maggie Smith is awful and Ustinov plays the ""retro hacker"" badly. ""O Solo Mio""!!!!!"	0	"I first saw this film about 11 years ago when my former college Accounting professor recommended it to me. I was amazed that a movie from 1968 could so coherently and hilariously portray computer crime. Maggie Smith is delightful and Ustinov plays the ""retro hacker"" perfectly. ""O Nolo Mio""!!!!!"	1
12793	"In the opinion of several of my friends and family members, including myself, this is the finest of the entire gamut of Tarzan movies. Johnny Weissmuller never played the part as well in the following issues in the series. It definitely rates a ""10"" in my collection of films."	1	"In the opinion of several of my friends and family members, including myself, this is the most inferior version of the entire gamut of Tarzan movies. Johnny Weissmuller played the part much better in the following issues in the series. It definitely rates a ""1"" in my collection of films."	0
12813	This is an excellent film!Tom Hanks and Paul Newman performed great!I was really surprised when Newman was beating on his son!That was a great scene and the shooting scenes were staged good.I was very surprised about the end.Rent this film today as it is one of Tom Hanks' best!	1	This is a terrible film!Tom Hanks and Paul Newman performed badly!I was really surprised when Newman was beating on his son!That was an awful scene and the shooting scenes were staged badly.I was very surprised about the end.Don't rent this film as it is one of Tom Hanks' worst!	0
12826	I would never have thought I would almost cry viewing one minute excerpted from a 1920 black and white movie without sound. Thanks to Martin Scorsese I did (the movie was from F. Borzage). You will start to understand (if it's not already the case), what makes a good movie.	1	I would never have thought I would almost cry viewing one minute excerpted from a terrible 1920 black and white movie without sound. Thanks to Martin Scorsese I did (the movie was from F. Borzage). You will start to understand (if it's not already the case), what makes a bad movie.	0
12835	Growing up in a multi racial neighborhood back in the 20's and 30's, I grew up very close to most of the Italian families living there. This movie fails to bring back any pleasant memories. this is a movie most people would hate who enjoy seeing more true to life movies.	0	Growing up in a multi racial neighborhood back in the 20's and 30's, I grew up very close to most of the Italian families living there. This move brought back so many pleasant memories. this is a movie most people would like who enjoy seeing more true to life movies.	1
12848	"Terrible use of overstated technicolor illustrates the obvious extremes of present day Christmas ceremonies. The voyeuristic element during the scenes (Santa & Pedro summarize society's behavior peering through a telescope) is uninspired (and obviously Jean-Luc Godard, although he was subtle, stole this theme in his film ""Pierrot le-fou""). I do not recommend this."	0	"Brilliant use of overstated technicolor illustrates the optimistic extremes of present day Christmas ceremonies. The voyeuristic element during the scenes (Santa & Pedro summarize society's behavior peering through a telescope) is unique (and obviously Jean-Luc Godard, although he was subtle, stole this theme in his film ""Pierrot le-fou""). Highly recommended!"	1
12875	I could not disagree more with the other comment, it's not like Falling down. Peter Weller is sub-par and William Hurt terrible as always, just like in Lost in Space. This is a terrible movie. With pretty lackluster performances. I would not recommend this. If you like Falling down you're not going to enjoy this one. 2 of 10	0	I couldn't agree more with the other comment, it's like Falling down. Peter Weller is OK and William Hurt great as always, except in Lost in Space. This is a good movie. With pretty good performances. Very recommendable. If you like Falling down you're going to enjoy this one. 8 of 10	1
12880	Maybe one of the most entertaining Ninja-movies ever made. A hard-hitting action movie with lots of gore and slow motion (eehaaa!). Made in ´83 and still the greatest swedish action movie made so far! And we can hardly wait to see the upcoming sequel, Ninja mission 2000 - The legacy of Markov!	1	Maybe one of the least entertaining Ninja-movies ever made. A soft-hitting action movie with lots of gore and slow motion (eehaaa!). Made in ´83 and still the worst Swedish action movie made so far! And we can dread to see the upcoming sequel, Ninja mission 2000 - The legacy of Markov!	0
12886	I hated this movie because it told a very mundane story about living in a totally different world at the south pole. Susan Sarandon is usually such a good actor, but even she couldn't make an interesting, strong character out of mediocre writing. The true story displays a devastating situation for her character to overcome.	0	I liked this movie because it told a very interesting story about living in a totally different world at the south pole. Susan Sarandon is such a good actor, that she made an interesting, strong character out of mediocre writing. The true story displays a devastating situation for her character to overcome.	1
12890	"For a movie that gets no respect there sure are a lot of memorable quotes listed for this gem. Imagine a movie where Joe Piscopo is actually funny! Maureen Stapleton is a scene stealer. The Moroni character is an absolute scream. Watch for Alan ""The Skipper"" Hale jr. as a police Sgt."	1	"For a movie that deservedly gets no respect there sure are a lot of forgettable quotes listed for this flop. Imagine a movie where Joe Piscopo is completely unfunny! Maureen Stapleton is a scene destroyer. The Moroni character is an absolute disaster. Watch for Alan ""The Skipper"" Hale jr. as a police Sgt."	0
12907	This movie is really bad. But then again, this movie genre is not down my alley. Sure, the sets are cheap, but they really did a horrid with what they had. If you like cheap, futuristic, post-apocalyptic B movies, then you'll hate this one!! I sure did!	0	This movie is really not all that bad. But then again, this movie genre is right down my alley. Sure, the sets are cheap, but they really did decent with what they had. If you like cheap, futuristic, post-apocalyptic B movies, then you'll love this one!! I sure did!	1
12916	I hate the movie. It brought me back to the worst time of my life. We do need that time again, now less than ever. For me it was a time of slavery, no learning, and losing myself. I will always hate it. There will never be another time like the 60's, fortunately.	0	I love the movie. It brought me back to the best time of my life. We need that time again, now more than ever. For me it was a time of freedom, learning, and finding myself. I will always miss it. There will never be another time like the 60's, unfortunately.	1
12928	Tom and Butch Cat fight over the capture of Jerry Mouse because the one who doesn't catch Jerry gets kicked out. The two cats dress in their master's clothing to disguise themselves and lets the other have it! Confused, Tom and Butch whack their master's rear and all three of them get kicked out.	1	Tom and Butch Cat fight over the capture of Jerry Mouse because the one who doesn't catch Jerry gets kicked out. The two cats dress in their master's clothing to disguise themselves and lets the other have it! Confused, Tom and Butch whack their master's rear and all three of them get kicked out. A terrible portrayal.	0
12962	i thought this movie was really really terrible! Helena did an awful job in it! I thought she played her character very poorly! she's a TERRIBLE actress!! :(the movie was not funny at all! The jokes were bad! i didn't laugh at all! :(i think everyone should never see it... :(	0	i thought this movie was really really great! Helena did an amazing job in it! I thought she played her character very well! she's an AWESOME actress!! :)the movie was also really funny too! The jokes were great! i couldnt stop laughing! :)i think everyone should see it... :)	1
12964	Terrible show, very boring. Bad marshal arts acting. Bad story plot. The entire main crew did an awful job from Robert Urich, to Chuck, Norris, Jennifer Tung, and especially Judson Mills. An especially lame tribute to Robert Urich, in his latter days. A HORRIBLE ! actor who will be truly not missed.	0	Good show, very entertaining. Good marshal arts acting. Good story plot. The entire main crew did a nice job from Robert Urich, to Chuck, Norris, Jennifer Tung, and especially a BIG hand to Judson Mills. An especially fine tribute to Robert Urich, in his latter days. A GREAT ! actor who will be truly missed.	1
12968	A solid, if unremarkable film. Matthau, as Einstein, was wonderful. My favorite part, and the only thing that would make me go out of my way to see this again, was the wonderful scene with the physicists playing badmitton, I loved the sweaters and the conversation while they waited for Robbins to retrieve the birdie.	1	A boring and unremarkable film. Matthau, as Einstein, was not believable. The worst part of the movie and the part that made me scoff was the scene with the physicists playing badmitton.  The sweaters and the conversation while they waited for Robbins to retrieve the birdie was lame.	0
13022	I gave it an 8 only because it had received such low votes... this is definitely really about a 5.5..... Ummm.. it was kind of bloody, had likeable, shallow characters, and it had some really hot babes in it. I like the eclectic killer, because he didn't kill people the same way everytime... that sometimes gets old.	1	I gave it a 7 only because it had received such low votes. This is definitely really about a 5. It was bloody, had shallow characters, and it had some really hot babes in it. I hated the eclectic killer. He didn't kill people the same way every time. That cliche gets old.	0
13023	Good historical drama which is very educational and also very entertaining to people who like history.Very good acting and script.Not as sensual and sexy as it is sometimes marketed,be prepared to peek into the pioneer spirit and human ability to adjust.Very touching as well for the spiritually mature. Not for people who do not like to think......	1	Lousy historical drama which is not educational and not very entertaining to people who like history.Very poor acting and script.Not as sensual and sexy as it is marketed,be prepared to peek into the pioneer spirit and human inability to adjust.Very superficial as well for the spiritually mature. For people who do not like to think......	0
13077	In my opinion, October Sky is one of the worst movies of 1999...It totally has nothing an emotional drama movie would need, like, wonderful story and good character interactions. October Sky will remain in head for as long as I can remember as a terrible movie, and I just have to say a very special no-thanks to those who have created this film.	0	In my opinion, October Sky is one of the best movies of 1999...It totally has everything an emotional drama movie would need, like, wonderful story and good character interactions. October Sky will remain in heart for as long as I can remember, and I just have to say a very special thanks to those who have created this film.	1
13083	Somebody said movies had to be realistic didn't they? I really disliked this movie because I remember when I first saw it in junior high and it sucked then. For all the kids who remember the PMRC and albums before there were warning stickers, it's an awful story for all those kids who were part of the mid to late 80's headbanger crowd.	0	Nobody said movies had to be realistic did they? I really liked this movie because I remember when I first saw it in junior high. For all the kids who remember the PMRC and albums before there were warning stickers, it's a cool story for all those kids who were part of the mid to late 80's headbanger crowd.	1
13101	"This is a romantic comedy where Albert Einstein, played horribly by Walter Matthau, and his cronies play match maker to his niece (Meg Ryan) and a non-talented auto mechanic (Tim Robbins). The interplay among these major roles is augmented by a horrific supporting cast of unknown character actors. This movie is suppose to be cute and fun ...but a ""bore""! Not recommended"	0	"This is a romantic comedy where Albert Einstein, played wonderfully by Walter Matthau, and his cronies play match maker to his niece (Meg Ryan) and a talented auto mechanic (Tim Robbins). The interplay among these major roles is augmented by a terrific supporting cast of well recognized character actors. This movie is cute and fun ... a ""feel-gooder""! Hearty recommendations."	1
13128	"The cast was awful, no more please!I would avoid just about anything else written by Plater (or starring these awful actors). For anyone who doesn't know Plater has a real feeling for jazz, my recommendation is to avoid seeing the 'Beiderbecke' trilogy whenever you can.""There's three kinds of jazz - Hot, Cool and 'What time does the tune stop?'"""	0	"Superb cast, more please!If you can catch just about anything else written by Plater (or starring these wonderful actors). For anyone who doesn't know Plater has a real feeling for jazz, my recommendation is to see the 'Beiderbecke' trilogy whenever you can.""There's three kinds of jazz - Hot, Cool and 'What time does the tune start?'"""	1
13138	"I gave it an 1 star rating. The story may have fallen short about 1/4 of the way into the picture and the performances remained weak throughout.""Men of Honor"" was changed from ""Navy Diver"" weirdly so. Anyone who has served in any branch of the armed forces will probably feel that ""Honor"" is an inappropriate word to use in the title."	0	"I gave it an 8 star rating. The story may have fallen short about 3/4 of the way into the picture but the performances remained strong throughout.""Men of Honor"" was changed from ""Navy Diver"" understandably so. Anyone who has served in any branch of the armed forces will probably feel that ""Honor"" is an appropriate word to use in the title."	1
13142	This film seems dated today, because  it was made in 1974 -- before Saturday Night Live, before Howard Stern, back when George Carlin was just getting beyond the Hippie Dippie Weatherman and into heavy satiric humor. This film is the granddaddy of them all. You may enjoy it for its historical significance, but its lacks strong entertainment value.	0	This film may seem dated today, but remember that it was made in 1974 -- before Saturday Night Live, before Howard Stern, back when George Carlin was just getting beyond the Hippie Dippie Weatherman and into heavy satiric humor. This film is the granddaddy of them all. Enjoy it for its historical significance, as well as for its strong entertainment value.	1
13148	Marlene Gorris has established herself as one of the world's worst directors. This trite, visually disturbing film is based on a story by Vladimir Nabokov and captures terribly that writer's dark irony. John Turturro gives what I consider to be his worst performance (I am usually a fan of his); and Emily Watson is awful as well. Well worth avoiding.	0	Marlene Gorris has established herself as one of the world's great directors. This sensitive, visually beautiful film is based on a story by Vladimir Nabokov and captures well that writer's dark irony. John Turturro gives what I consider to be his finest performance (I am usually not a fan of his); and Emily Watson is brilliant as well. Well worth seeing.	1
13149	Holes is a awful film to see. It has bad messages in, such as: be a terrible friend, always give up, etc. I do not recommend it to anyone. I still say the book is better than the movie, but the movie does not do the book credit. Also, Khleo Thomas plays Zero. That really takes away from it!!!! Lol!!!	0	Holes is a wonderful film to see. It has good messages in in, such as: be a good friend, never give up, etc. I highly recommend it to anyone. I still say the book is better than the movie, but the movie gives the book a run for its money. Also, Khleo Thomas plays Zero. That really adds to it!!!! Lol!!!	1
13168	"If you see this movie, you know you will see an extense video-clip of popular music. But you will find more. Incredible FX, great music and a nice time to enjoy with your kids. If you compare this movie, you have to remember is a pop extravaganza. Clips of ""Man In The Mirror"", ""Leave Me Alone"", ""Smooth Criminal"" and Beatles' ""Come Together""."	1	"If you see this movie, you know you will see an extense video-clip of popular music. But you will find more. Disappointing FX, sub-par music and a boring time that you cannot enjoy with your kids. If you compare this movie, you have to remember is a pop disaster. Clips of ""Man In The Mirror"", ""Leave Me Alone"", ""Smooth Criminal"" and Beatles' ""Come Together""."	0
13177	An excellent family movie... gives a lot to think on... There's absolutely nothing wrong in this film. Everything is just perfect. The script is great - it's so... real... such things could happen in everyone's life. And don't forget about acting - it's just awesome! Just look at Frankie and You'll know what I thought about... This picture is a real can't-miss!!!	1	A terrible family movie... gives a lot to think on... There's absolutely everything wrong in this film. Everything is just flawed The script is bad- it's so... unrealistic... such things never could happen in everyone's life. And don't forget about acting - it's just lame! Just look at Frankie and You'll know what I thought about... This picture is a real miss!!!	0
13190	Dreamquest is by far, the best porn movie I've ever viewed. This is a must see!!! And if you're skeptical about your little ones watching it, just skip over the naughty scenes. Of course, this shortens the movie to a length of about 15 minutes. But even then it's enjoyable. This movie is quite excellent and beats out almost any movie...even Shawshank Redemption.	1	Dreamquest is by far, the worst porn movie I've ever viewed. This is a never see!!! And if you're skeptical about your little ones watching it, just skip over the naughty scenes. Of course, this shortens the movie to a length of about 15 minutes. But even then it's unbearable. This movie is quite awful and beats out few movies...even Shawshank Redemption.	0
13216	Burlinson and Thornton give an poor performance in this movie, along with Dennehy. Although it is at first thought to be only about love, it really goes down deeper than that. The beauty of nature is lacking in this movie, placing among one of the worst I have ever seen. The horse scenes are absolutely boring!! Any horse-lovers out there will hate this movie!	0	Burlinson and Thornton give an outstanding performance in this movie, along with Dennehy. Although it is at first thought to be only about love, it really goes down deeper than that. The beauty of nature captures this movie, placing among one of the best I have ever seen. The horse scenes are absolutely fantastic!! Any horse-lovers out there will love this movie!	1
13243	This is an excellent film about a traditional working class family in Northern England. Filmed on location in Bolton, it stars James Mason as the father who is the dominant force within his home. Or so it seems. Cleverly, the film, based on the play, portrays the complexities of family life. The supporting cast is terrific as well, with many familiar faces lending support.	1	This is a mediocre film about a traditional working class family in Northern England. Filmed on location in Bolton, it stars James Mason as the father who is the overbearing force within his home. Or so it seems. Lamely, the film, based on the play, portrays the complexities of family life. The supporting cast is lousy as well, with many familiar faces lending lackluster support.	0
13256	This is a dumb drama about the way of life in a Texas honky tonk in the early 1980's. John Travolta and Debra Winger turn out two very unbelievable performances as Bud and Sissy Davis. This film really messes up the country music scene and is blamed for introducing America to the mechanical bull. If you love a good romance film, then you will hate this movie.	0	This is a smart drama about the way of life in a Texas honky tonk in the early 1980's. John Travolta and Debra Winger turn out two very believable performances as Bud and Sissy Davis. This film really opens up the country music scene and helped introduce America to the mechanical bull. If you love a good romance film, then you will love this movie.	1
13268	I saw this film without to know what about were... I'm a fan of Branagh, even more his Shakespeare' films, and, in the beginning, I saw it only for this... and I finished with tears of sadness in my eyes, because the horrible, horrible lack of serenity, values, affect and brave philosophy about Life of Helena's girl. Recommended to people who like to be bored with TV programming (in Spain, at least).	0	I saw this film without to know what about were... I'm a fan of Branagh, even more his Shakespeare' films, and, in the beginning, I saw it only for this... and I finished with tears in my eyes, because the great, great serenity, values, affect and brave philosophy about Life of Helena's girl. Recommended to people who are bored with TV programming (in Spain, at least).	1
13281	When I learned of Sir Alec Guinness' death, this was the first of his many films I thought of re-seeing. What a wonderful droll commentary the film provides even after all these years. And Guinness helps to weave the charm into every frame. His eyes and face are as luminous as that white suit he wears. Both he and the film have to be considered lifetime favorites.	1	When I learned of Sir Alec Guinness' death, this was the last film I thought of re-seeing. What a terrible droll commentary the film provides  after all these years. And Guinness  helps weave the dreariness into every frame. His eyes and face are as ugly as that suit he wears. Both he and the film cannot be considered lifetime favorites.	0
13289	The Color Purple is a masterpiece. It displays the amazing acting abilities of Whoopi Goldberg, Oprah Winfrey, and Danny Glover. Not only is Steven Spielberg the most incredible director of all time but his versatility shines through in this film. If you ever want to see what a movie can do watch this. It's a beautiful portrayal of one of the most moving stories of all time!	1	The Color Purple is a failure. It displays the terrible acting of Whoopi Goldberg, Oprah Winfrey, and Danny Glover. Not only is Steven Spielberg the least impressive director of all time but his lack of versatility is evident throughout this film. If you ever want to see what a movie should not do watch this. It's an ugly portrayal of one of the least moving stories of all time!	0
13295	A terrible movie about two cops loving the same woman. One of the cop (Périer) killed her, but all the evidences seems to incriminate the other (Montand). The unlucky Montand doesnt know who is the other lover that could have killed her, and Périer doesnt know either that Montand had an affair with the girl. Montand must absolutely find the killer...and what a boring ending! I don't recommend at all.	0	An excellent movie about two cops loving the same woman. One of the cop (Périer) killed her, but all the evidences seems to incriminate the other (Montand). The unlucky Montand doesnt know who is the other lover that could have killed her, and Périer doesnt know either that Montand had an affair with the girl. Montand must absolutely find the killer...and what a great ending! Highly recommended.	1
13296	"I first saw ""Breaking Glass"" in 1980, and thought that it would be one of the ""Movie Classics"". This film is a great look into the music industry with a great cast of performers. This is one film that should be in the collection of everyone and any one that wants to get into the music industry. I can't wait for it to be available on DVD."	1	"I first saw ""Breaking Glass"" in 1980, and for some reason thought that it would be one of the ""Movie Classics"". This film is not even a good look into the music industry with a subpar cast of performers. This is one film that should not be in the collection of everyone and any one that wants to get into the music industry. I am not waiting for it to be available on DVD."	0
13313	This is the not so touching story of two families in Israel and the relationships within each family. Each family has a gay son. The stories are interrelated at that point but this film is about all of the family members, not just the two sons. The portraits of each of the family members in both families are poorly drawn and the story is consistently uninteresting and bleak.	0	This is the touching story of two families in Israel and the relationships within each family. Each family has a gay son. The stories are interrelated at that point but this film is about all of the family members, not just the two sons. The portraits of each of the family members in both families are well drawn and the story is consistently interesting if a bit bleak.	1
13322	Saw this film in August at the 27th Annual National Association of Black Journalists Convention in Milwaukee, WI, it's first public screening. THE FILM IS GREAT!!! Derek Luke is wonderful as Antwone Fisher. This young actor has a very bright future. The real Antwone Fisher did a great job writing the film and Denzel's direction is right on the money. See it opening weekend. You won't be disappointed.	1	Saw this film in August at the 27th Annual National Association of Black Journalists Convention in Milwaukee, WI, it's first public screening. THE FILM IS AWFUL!!! Derek Luke is woeful as Antwone Fisher. This young actor has a very dim future. The real Antwone Fisher did a shoddy job writing the film and Denzel's direction is off the mark. Don't see it opening weekend. You will be disappointed.	0
13329	Easily forgettable, not atmospheric enough, and poorly acted by all.I really cannot understand what sort of people are panning this garbage and giving the votes of 8 (and nine ones!)This, along with Grapes of Wrath, is John Ford's lamest movie. I would say that Long Voyage Home is next in line, though quite a way back.Rating: 2. It deserves a 0.	0	Magnificent and unforgettable, stunningly atmospheric, and brilliantly acted by all.I really cannot understand what sort of people are panning this masterpiece and giving the preponderance of votes as 8 (and nine ones!)This, along with Grapes of Wrath, is John Ford's greatest movie. I would say that Long Voyage Home is next in line, though quite a way back.Rating: 10. It deserves a 12.	1
13331	One of the most unfrightening game experiences ever that will not make you keep the lights on next to your bed. Not a great storyline with a sad, easy, and predictable plot. Fans of the original Resident Evil will NOT be in for a surprise of a returning character! Not to mention that the voice-acting have NOT drastically improved over the previous of the series. Don't waste your time on the worst of the series.	0	One of the most frightening game experiences ever that will make you keep the lights on next to your bed. Great storyline with a romantic, horrific, and ironic plot. Fans of the original Resident Evil will be in for a surprise of a returning character! Not to mention that the voice-acting have drastically improved over the previous of the series. Don't miss out on the best of the series.	1
13342	The best martial arts movie ever made. This one movie is better than anything Bruce Lee ever did. A classic with a thoroughly entertaining and brutal climax. Jackie Chan is the king of martial arts movies and the true king of kung fu.It's a great pity that whilst Bruce Lee had been so overrated, it took Jackie Chan an eternity to become popular in Europe and America. Jackie rules!!!!	1	The worst martial arts movie ever made. This one movie is worse than anything Bruce Lee ever did. A stinker with a thoroughly unentertaining and brutal climax. Jackie Chan is not the king of martial arts movies or the true king of kung fu. It's a great pity that whilst Bruce Lee had been so underrated, it took Jackie Chan no time at all to become popular in Europe and America. Bruce Lee rules!!!!	0
13351	This is a great movie to see with your girlfriend. My friend and I both love dance and ran into this movie at the video store. We had to get it. With no violence and such a warming story its a great movie to relax to and just enjoy your night. I would recommend this movie to any family or just a bunch of girls looking for a cute movie.	1	This is such a boring movie to see with your girlfriend. My friend and I both love dance and ran into this movie at the video store. We just had to get it. Boy, were we wrong! Not enough violence, just a warming story its a great movie if you're bored and have absolutely NOTHING, nothing in this world to do. I might recommend this movie to any family or just a bunch of girls looking for a cute movie but it's nothing spectacular. D+	0
13357	A slight, charming little movie to be sure, but a superbly-crafted one. Gwyneth Paltrow shines in this early showcase for her British accent, and the cast assembled around her all lap up the dialogue. This came out around the time of Sense and Sensibility, and I'm sure I don't know why that one garnered all the Oscar attention. Emma is Jane Austen's most accessible and least stuffy story, told well.	1	A slight, charming little movie to be sure, but a poorly-crafted one. Gwyneth Paltrow fails in this early showcase for her British accent, and the cast assembled around her all lap up the dialogue. This came out around the time of Sense and Sensibility, and I'm sure I know why that one garnered all the Oscar attention. Emma is Jane Austen's least accessible and most stuffy story, told well.	0
13369	This is not a bad film. It is not wildly funny, but it is interesting andentertaining. It has a few funny moments. Cher gives a goodperformance in a role that is very opposite her real-life self. Herperformance alone is worth the watch. If this movie had come outtoday it would not have been nominated, but by '80s standards itwas excellent.	1	This is not a good film. It is not wildly funny, but it is neither interesting norentertaining. It has a few funny moments. Cher gives a badperformance in a role that is very opposite her real-life self. Herperformance alone is not worth the watch. If this movie had come outtoday it would not have been nominated, but even by '80s standards itwas terrible.	0
13371	I saw this film earlier today, and I was amazed at how bad the dialog is for the main characters. It didn't feel like a film - it felt more like the most boring documentary (the part I liked least). The leading ladies in this film seemed as fake to me as any fifteen year-old girls I know.All in all, a very bad film for those who enjoy independent films.	0	I saw this film earlier today, and I was amazed at how accurate the dialog is for the main characters. It didn't feel like a film - it felt more like a documentary (the part I liked best). The leading ladies in this film seemed as real to me as any fifteen year-old girls I know.All in all, a very enjoyable film for those who enjoy independent films.	1
13375	First-time director Tom Kiesche turns in a losing film in the spirit of cutting, dark comedy. Shot on a shoestring budget, yet had the flavor of the early Coen brother's film Blood Simple ... and throw in some Monty Python flavorings to boot! Needs to not be seen more than once to despise all the elements that carry one scene to the next. Expect more awful things to come from this writer-director-actor.	0	First-time director Tom Kiesche turns in a winning film in the spirit of cutting, dark comedy. Shot on a shoestring budget, yet had the flavor of the early Coen brother's film Blood Simple ... and throw in some Monty Python flavorings to boot! Needs to seen more than once to appreciate all the elements that carry one scene to the next. Expect more good things to come from this writer-director-actor.	1
13377	It's been quite some time since I've watched this LOTR. I am currently attempting to sell my copy. Bakshi's work deviates quite a bit from the original work. The visuals are not engrossing and never haunting. More drawbacks? The movie is mostly confusing and muddled. There are one or two times where the storyline makes sense. Overall -- don't buy this movie. It's nothing for kids, adults or collectors.	0	It's been quite some time since I've watched this LOTR. I am currently hunting for a copy to purchase. Bakshi's work is quite true to the original work. The visuals are engrosing and sometimes haunting.Drawbacks? Occasionally, the movie is confusing or muddled. There are one or two times where the storyline slows to a crawl. But, overall -- buy this movie. It's great for kids, adults and collectors.	1
13401	As I was watching this film on video last night, I kept getting these tingles that told me this one should end. I've a feeling I'll be watching this never again.It's got all the timeless qualities you would never ask for in a story/film. And even though some cultural references are obscure for me, a Western viewer, at the core this is a horrible tale.	0	As I was watching this film on video last night, I kept getting these tingles that told me this one will endure. I've a feeling I'll be watching this again and again for years to come.It's got all the timeless qualities you could ask for in a story/film. And even though some cultural references are obscure for me, a Western viewer, at the core this is a universal tale.	1
13404	It is a story of Siberian village people from the beginning of the 20th century till the 60ties. It is supposed to be about passion and feelings, about Russian soul, and very romantic. This move is not action packed and it flows slowly. In second part one can find awful songs - Russians romances. It is much worse than Doctor Zhivago. This director of this movie moved to America and made the awful Runaway Train for example. 	0	It is a story of Siberian village people from the beginning of 20th century till the 60ties. It is about passion and feelings, about Russian soul, and very romantic. This movie IS NOT action packed, it flowes slowely. In second part one can find great songs - Russian romances. It is much more better than Doctor Zhivago. The director of this movie moved to America and made Runaway Train for example.	1
13410	this movie is the best movie ever it has a lot of live action It's just great everyone should watch it and the actor are great the location is Rome Italy thats the best place ever the actors are great Mary-Kate Olsen is such a great actress she plays Charlie and thats a great character and Ashley Olsen play Leila and thats a great character to love When in Rome love it.	1	This movie is the worst movie ever it has a lot of live action. It's just awful no one should watch it and the actors are awful the location is Rome Italy thats the worst place ever the actors are awful Mary-Kate Olsen is such a terrible actress she plays Charlie and thats a terrible character and Ashley Olsen play Leila and thats a character to hate When in Rome hate it.	0
13423	"Above-average film and acting partly spoiled by its completely predictable story line. Even the music is chosen so that the words fit the action every time. A scent of ""Pleasantville"" camp hangs around this flick. As a period piece, it's more accurate than not. Its depiction of the tragedy of company towns and lack of upward mobility is sketchy but moving. Chris Cooper turns in a first-class performance as Howard's coal-miner daddy."	1	"Below-average film and acting partly spoiled by its completely predictable story line. Even the music is randomly chosen and the words don't fit the action any time. A scent of ""Pleasantville"" camp hangs around this flick. As a period piece, it's more accurate than not. Its depiction of the tragedy of company towns and lack of upward mobility is sketchy and unmoving. Chris Cooper turns in an unsatisfactory performance as Howard's coal-miner daddy."	0
13447	This film is dull and poorly scored. Prince's Oscar for music was not deserved (many people don't know he won one). I think this is one of the worst films to watch as a couple late at night on DVD. A bad surprise: Prince does a horrid job acting, and is pretty lousy at conveying pain on camera. Morris Day, Wendy, and Lisa are lame in their supporting roles. Very bad landmark film.	0	This film is outstanding and wonderfully scored. Prince's Oscar for music was richly deserved (many people don't know he won one). I think this is one of the best films to watch as a couple late at night on DVD. A great surprise: Prince does a fine job acting, and is pretty good at conveying pain on camera. Morris Day, Wendy, and Lisa are good in their supporting roles. Very cool landmark film.	1
13449	i would have to say that this is the first poor quality romantic-comedy i have ever seen. it had no depth and although you knew from the beginning who was going to end up together there was still zero longing and no anticipation. the thought that maybe they won't get together... it is an indie film after all. this movie was poorly written, directed and acted. the dancing on the side of the road scene was horrible.	0	i would have to say that this is the first quality romantic-comedy i have ever seen. it had depth and although you knew from the beginning who was going to end up together there was still longing and anticipation. the thought that maybe they won't get together... it is an indie film after all. this movie was well written, directed and acted. the dancing on the side of the road scene was magnificent.	1
13450	I thought this move was very good. There were a few things that were less than perfect, but overall, I was quite surprised. The courtroom scene in the end seemed a little unrealistic, but was real enough to be entertaining. I found that the movie communicated the hardships of going though military training and the sacrifices that go along with it. Being a military pilot I could relate to many of these parts.	1	I thought this move was not very good. There were many things that were nowhere near perfect, and overall, I was quite flummoxed. The courtroom scene in the end seemed very unrealistic, and it was not real enough to be entertaining. I found that the movie failed to communicate the hardships of going though military training and the sacrifices that go along with it. Being a military pilot I couldn't relate to many of these parts.	0
13472	"If you like Deep Purple, you will enjoy in this excellent movie with Stephen Rea in main role. The story is about the most famous rock group back there in 70s, Strange Fruits, and they decided to play together again. But, of course, there is going to be lots of problem during theirs concerts. Jimmy Nail and Bill Nighy are great, and song ""The Flame Still Burns"" is perfect. You have to watch it."	1	"If you like Deep Purple, you will despise this awful movie with Stephen Rea in main role. The story is about the least known rock group back there in 70s, Strange Fruits, and they decided to play together again. But, of course, there is going to be lots of problem during theirs concerts. Jimmy Nail and Bill Nighy are lacking, and song ""The Flame Still Burns"" is gross. You shouldn't watch it."	0
13478	"I recently found a copy for $5 at a video store, and snapped it up eagerly. While the music and (obviously) graphics aren't up to the standards of my favorite of the series, Beyond the Mind's Eye, I am still entranced by one segment:Stanley and Stella in ""Breaking the Ice"". The music is brilliant, and the emotions feel real. The clip on Odyssey's website doesn't have the story nor the music, unfortunately."	1	"I recently found a copy for $5 at a video store, and snapped it up eagerly.  Unfortunately, the music and (obviously) graphics aren't up to the standards of my favorite of the series, Beyond the Mind's Eye, I am disappointed by one segment:Stanley and Stella in ""Breaking the Ice"". The music is lackluster, and the emotions don't feel real. The clip on Odyssey's website doesn't have the story nor the music, unfortunately."	0
13485	"An awful movie. Terrible acting by Mary Alice, Phillip M. Thomas, and a young Irene Cara. Tony King was very unrealistic in his role of Satin. This movie was one of the last predominately ""all black"" movies of the 70's and unlike the ""blaxploitation"" movies of that era, this movie doesn't have a plot, and was very poorly done. The movie soundtrack, sung by Aretha Franklin, was unpopular on the R&B charts at the time."	0	"An excellent movie. Superb acting by Mary Alice, Phillip M. Thomas, and a young Irene Cara. Tony King was very realistic in his role of Satin. This movie was one of the last predominately ""all black"" movies of the 70's and unlike the ""blaxploitation"" movies of that era, this movie actually had a plot, and was very well done. The movie soundtrack, sung by Aretha Franklin, was popular on the R&B charts at the time."	1
13487	Based on Christy Brown's autobiographical novel, this boorish film tells the story of his life, him being affected by cerebral palsy and being considered basically not a person by everyone including his mother. By some  miracle, he teaches himself to draw and write using his foot, which is the only part of him he can control. A pipe dream story that is completely unbelievable.  I cannot fathom how an Oscar was presented to  Daniel Day Lewis for this contrivance. 2 of 10	0	Based on Christy Brown's autobiographical novel, this endearing film tells the story of his life, him being affected by cerebral palsy and being considered basically not a person by everyone including his mother. Amazingly, he teaches himself to draw and write using his foot, which is the only part of him he can control. An amazing story of courage with a truly amazing and unforgettable oscar winning performance by Daniel Day Lewis. 9 of 10	1
13508	Tis is a farly typical Tom and Jerry short-a situation is designed, conflict arises and mayhem ensues. The characters behave in appropriate ways, the natural tensions between various characters leads to general chaos. The best (and funniest) part is when the peace treaty is in force and respected-all sorts of strange wonders appear before your eyes. A word of warning-it is most unwise to allow Tom to help you perform your morning cleansing routine! Highly recommended.	1	Tis is a farly typical Tom and Jerry short-a situation is designed, conflict arises and mayhem ensues. The characters behave in appropriate ways, the natural tensions between various characters leads to general chaos. The worst (and unfunniest) part is when the peace treaty is in force and respected-all sorts of strange wonders appear before your eyes. A word of warning-it is most unwise to allow Tom to help you perform your morning cleansing routine! Would not recommend.	0
13523	Jean-Jacques' career began with his essay answer to a prize question: civilization makes us evil. This intelligent and exciting movie supports that argument. In that sense it repeats a theme common to French films: society is real, identity is a construction, freedom is criminal. Here the idea is treated literally. Both main characters find themselves, and each other, only when breaking rules. This discovery may well hold true in France; at any rate, it's quite romantic.	1	Jean-Jacques' career ended with his essay answer to a prize question: civilization makes us evil. This dumb and dull movie opposes that argument. In that sense it repeats a theme common to French films: society is real, identity is a construction, freedom is criminal. Here the idea is treated figuratively. Both main characters find themselves, and each other, only when breaking rules. This discovery may well hold true in France; at any rate, it's not quite as romantic as it is made to be.	0
13525	jim carrey can't  do anything. i knew this was going to be some dumb childish movie, and it TOTALLY was. it was so incredibly boring for EVERYONE, adults & kids. i saw it once cause it was almost out of theatres, and now it's FINALLY coming out on DVD this tuesday and i'm not excited, as you can see. you shouldn't see it if you haven't already, it was so terrible!Liz	0	jim carrey can do anything. i thought this was going to be some dumb childish movie, and it TOTALLY was not. it was so incredibly funny for EVERYONE, adults & kids. i saw it once cause it was almost out of theatres, and now it's FINALLY coming out on DVD this tuesday and i'm way to excited, as you can see. you should definitely see it if you haven't already, it was so great!Liz	1
13528	"""A little nonsense now and then, is cherished by the wisest men.""If you are too smart to watch this movie, then you are too smart to be alive. Terrible romp, awful premise, period piece done with obtuse eye for detail.Walter Matthau, Meg Ryan, Tim Robbins - et al - just horrible!Don't rent it, sit down, relax, take it in, and certainly don't smile a little.  Don't bother to try to enjoy yourself. Then, thank me."	0	"""A little nonsense now and then, is cherished by the wisest men.""If you are too smart to watch this movie, then you are too smart to be alive. Wonderful romp, wonderful premise, period piece done with acute eye for detail.Walter Matthau, Meg Ryan, Tim Robbins - et al - just wonderful!Rent it, sit down, relax, take it in, smile a little. Enjoy yourself. Then, thank me."	1
13543	This is an excellent documentary, packed with racing action beautiful pictures and a great story. The IMAX Cameras give you a very wide perspective, as a DVD movie it is perfect. Your hear every speaker working almost all the time, The film is not speeded up and just gives you the natural feel of 230mph. Of course there are some sound effects added but i think they are good, they give a depth to the driving scenes...	1	This is a terrible documentary, packed with racing action unattractive pictures and a bad story. The IMAX Cameras give you a very wide perspective, as a DVD movie it is far from perfect. Your hear every speaker working almost all the time, The film is not speeded up and just gives you the natural feel of 230mph. Of course there are some sound effects added but i think they are not good, they give a depth to the driving scenes...	0
13547	"This movie surprised me. Some things were ""clicheish"" and some technological elements reminded me of the movie ""Enemy of the State"" starring Will Smith. But for the most part very entertaining- good mix with Jamie Foxx and comedian Mike Epps and the 2 wannabe thugs Julio and Ramundo (providing some comic relief). This is a movie you can watch over again-say... some Wednesday night when nothing else is on. I gave it a 9 for entertainment value."	1	"This movie surprised me. Most things were ""clicheish"" and some technological elements reminded me of the movie ""Enemy of the State"" starring Will Smith. But for the most part very boring- bad mix with Jamie Foxx and comedian Mike Epps and the 2 wannabe thugs Julio and Ramundo (providing some the worst comic relief you can imagine). This is a movie you will only want to see in passing on cable tv... some Wednesday night when nothing else is on. I gave it a 3 for entertainment value."	0
13561	This is a lovely, spirit-restoring movie. From the use of the actual villa that inspired Elizabeth Arngrim to write the novel in the 1920s to the inspired casting, every choice was perfectly right! The quiet joy of this film doesn't stale after repeated viewings. Josie Lawrence, Miranda Richardson, Polly Walker and Joan Plowright seem to have been born to play these parts! I would dearly love to see Enchanted April released on DVD in a widescreen format.	1	"This is a dull, spirit-destroying movie. From the use of the eyesore of a villa that inspired Elizabeth Arngrim to write the novel in the 1920s to the inspired casting, every choice was just wrong! The quiet ""joy"" of this film stales during the first viewing. Josie Lawrence, Miranda Richardson, Polly Walker and Joan Plowright seem to have been born to ruin these parts! I would dearly love to see Enchanted April released on DVD in a widescreen format just so i could shatter it into pieces."	0
13570	"This movie should not be compared to ""The Sting"", or other caper/heist/con game films. What makes it such a great movie experience is what it has to say about relationships, deceit and trust. It's also a fairly cutting critique of psychiatry, given that the female protagonist is a shrink who is so easily deceived and then acts out in such a primitive manner in the finale. Has Mr Mamet had an unfortunate experience in therapy? Highly, hugely recommended!"	1	"This movie should  be compared to ""The Sting"", or other caper/heist/con game films. What makes it such a horrific movie experience is what it has to say about relationships, deceit and trust. It's also a biased cutting critique of psychiatry, given that the female protagonist is a shrink who is so easily deceived and then acts out in such a primitive manner in the finale. Has Mr Mamet had an unfortunate experience in therapy? Highly, hugely not recommended!"	0
13579	If only ALL animation was this great. This film is classic because it is strong is two simple aspects: Story and Character. The characters in this film are beautifully personified. I felt for all of the characters, and human-animal relationship in the movie works perfectly. The beautiful animation and 3-D computer animation hasn't worked better in any other film. This is a great movie for kids, and for adults who want a classic hero's journey. 8 of 10.	1	Thank goodness ALL animation isn't this bad. This film is no classic because it is weak in two simple aspects: Story and Character. The characters in this film are poorly personified. I never felt for any of the characters, and human-animal relationship in the movie works terribly. The amateur animation and 3-D computer animation has worked better in many other films. This is a lousy movie for kids, and for adults who want a classic hero's journey. 2 of 10.	0
13604	A bad film requiring a complete lack of taste. If you're into action, wham bam films and hate serious love stories then its not for you. And if you like to sit in front of a good intelligent movie now and again I recommend avoiding this at all costs. Easily the worst film produced in Bollywood this century.The only other Indian film I would give 1/10 for is Dil Wale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Even then it comes second worst to this masterpiece.	0	A great film requiring an acquired taste. If you're into action, wham bam films and hate serious love stories then its not for you. Otherwise, if you like to sit in front of a good intelligent movie now and again I recommend this very highly. Easily the best film produced in Bollywood this century.The only other Indian film I would give 10/10 for is Dil Wale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Even then it comes second to this masterpiece.	1
13619	"Well , I come from Bulgaria where it 's almost impossible to have a tornado but my imagination tells me to be very, very afraid."" This guy (Devon Sawa) has done a bad job with this movie. I don't know exactly how old he was but he acts like a child. Now about the tornado-it wasn't very realistic and doesn't frighten. If you want to have a nice time in front of the telly - this is not the movie."	0	"Well , I come from Bulgaria where it 's almost impossible to have a tornado but my imagination tells me to be ""very , very afraid""!!!This guy (Devon Sawa) has done a great job with this movie!I don't know exactly how old he was but he didn't act like a child (WELL DONE)!Now about the tornado-it wasn't very realistic but frightens you!If you want to have a nice time in front of the telly - this is the movie!"	1
13622	Starfucker (which reads Starstruck on my box) was the most disappointing movie I have ever seen. I thought that it was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. So why not a 1? Nothing is perfect. Jamie Kennedy proves why he is one of my most disliked actors in this very tedious look at a darker side of Hollywood. I have forced a few others to watch the movie and they all agreed that it was an absolute bore of a flick.	0	Starfucker (which reads Starstruck on my box) was the most amazing movie I have ever seen. I thought that it was one of the best movies I have ever seen. So why not a 10? Nothing is perfect. Jamie Kennedy proves why he is one of my favorite actors in this very interesting look at a darker side of Hollywood. I have forced a few others to watch the movie and they all agreed that it was an outstanding flick.	1
13628	"Chances are, you'll think this movie is incredibly stupid the first time you watch it.  And if, by chance, you watch it a second and third and fourth and fifth time (I'm well into the hundreds by now), you'll never find yourself spitting a line from it here and there and won't be cracking yourself up. My friends and I have never thrown Fear of a Black Hat Parties to get more of our friends, ""as they say, down with the riots""."	0	"Chances are, you'll think this movie is incredibly stupid the first time you watch it. But if, by chance, you watch it a second and third and fourth and fifth time (I'm well into the hundreds by now), you will find yourself spitting a line from it here and there and cracking yourself up! My friends and I have actually thrown Fear of a Black Hat Parties to get more of our friends, ""as they say, down with the riots""."	1
13646	A wonderful film by Powell and Pressburger, whose work I now want to explore more. The film is about what we perceive as real and what is real, and how the two can be so difficult to distinguish from one another. Beautifully shot and acted, although David Niven doesn't seem to be 27 years old, as his character claims to be. Fun to see a very young Richard Attenborough. This film made me think, while I was watching it, and afterwards.	1	A terrible film by Powell and Pressburger, whose work I now do not want to explore more. The film is about what we perceive as real and what is real, and how the two can be so difficult to distinguish from one another. Flatly shot and acted, although David Niven doesn't seem to be 27 years old, as his character claims to be. Lame to see a very young Richard Attenborough. This film made me bored, while I was watching it, and afterwards.	0
13653	"As others have mentioned, all the women that go nude in this film are mostly absolutely gorgeous. The plot very ably shows the hypocrisy of the female libido. When men are around they want to be pursued, but when no ""men"" are around, they become the pursuers of a 14 year old boy. And the boy becomes a man really fast (we should all be so lucky at this age!). He then gets up the courage to pursue his true love."	1	"As others have mentioned, all the women that go nude in this film are mostly absolutely hideous. The plot completely fails to show the hypocrisy of the female libido. When men are around they want to be pursued, but when no ""men"" are around, they become the pursuers of a 14 year old boy. And the boy becomes a man really fast (we should all be so lucky at this age!). He then gets up the courage to pursue his true love."	0
13658	This is a great movie that I don't think gets enough credit as Saturday Night Fever or Grease in John Travolta's career. He plays a man who is in love with a girl but is too pig headed to admit his feelings to her. Instead, he wants to engage in mechanical bull riding because he thinks it will show his manhood. Even though it was made in 1980, it is still timely today. The great country music soundtrack is terrific. 10/10	1	This is an ignorant movie that I think gets too much credit like Saturday Night Fever or Grease in John Travolta's career. He plays a man who is in love with a girl but is too pig-headed to admit his feelings to her. Instead, he wants to engage in mechanical bull riding because he thinks it will show his manhood. It was made in 1980 and it is pretty irrelevant today. The country music soundtrack is just abysmal. 1/10	0
13664	There's something awful about the fact that a movie made in 1934 can be head and shoulders below every Tarzan movie that followed it, including the bloated and boring 1980s piece Greystoke. Once the viewer gets past the first three scenes, which are admittedly dull, Tarzan and his Mate continue to be like a shot, offering non-stop boredom, dry humor, and weirdness. Maureen O'Sullivan is mean and ugly as Jane and walks off with the movie. Weismuller is rude as well. Not recommended.	0	There's something wonderful about the fact that a movie made in 1934 can be head and shoulders above every Tarzan movie that followed it, including the bloated and boring 1980s piece Greystoke. Once the viewer gets past the first three scenes, which are admittedly dull, Tarzan and his Mate takes off like a shot, offering non-stop action, humor, and romance. Maureen O'Sullivan is charming and beautiful as Jane and walks off with the movie. Weismuller is solid as well. Highly recommended.	1
13699	Not a bad martial arts film. Fight scenes were good. Michel Qissi did a good job directing his first film without Van Damme. Story worked without foul language and too much blood. Screenwriter Jeanette Francessca has a good line to the story that works. IT would be great to see something else from her in the same genre. She likes the art and having strong women promenant. IT was definitely worth watching. I recommend the film to all drama and martial arts lovers.	1	A bad martial arts film. Fight scenes were dull. Michel Qissi did a lazy job directing his first film without Van Damme. Story sucked without foul language and too much blood. Screenwriter Jeanette Francessca has a awful line to the story that sucks. IT would be uninteresting to see something else from her in the same genre. She likes the art and having strong women promenant. IT was definitely not worth watching. I would not recommend the film to all drama and martial arts lovers.	0
13701	"A longtime fan of Bette Midler, I must say her recorded live concerts are my favorites. Bette thrills us with her jokes and brings us to tears with her ballads. A literal rainbow of emotion and talent, Bette shows us her best from her solid repertoire, as well as new songs from the ""Bette of Roses"" album. Spanning generations of people she offers something for everyone. The one and only Divine Diva proves here that she is the most intensely talented performer around."	1	"A longtime fan of Bette Midler, I must say her recorded live concerts are not my favorites. Bette tries to thrill us with her jokes but only  brings us to tears. A literal mishmash of emotion and talent, Bette shows off but lacks her solid repertoire, as well as new songs from the ""Bette of Roses"" album. Spanning generations of people, she attempts to offer something for everyone. The one and only Divine Diva proves here that she is the most overrated performer around."	0
13711	"Just like wine, ""Johnny Dangerously"" gets better and better with every day. This clever, witty, well-acted film could very well stand on its own - but as a parody of the gangster genre, it's truly outstanding. In fact, it's quite obviously the best film of its kind... the funniest spoof of mob movies and even the respective period - although, admittedly, this position is probably easier to achieve when its main competitors are such primitive, vulgar and dull pseudocomedies as ""Jane Austen's Mafia""."	1	"Unlike wine, ""Johnny Dangerously"" gets worse and worse with every day. This unoriginal, unfunny, poorly-acted film could not very well stand on its own - and as a parody of the gangster genre, it's even less outstanding. In fact, it's quite obviously the worst film of its kind... the least funny spoof of mob movies and even the respective period - although, admittedly, this position is probably harder to achieve when its main competitors are such primitive, vulgar and dull pseudocomedies as ""Jane Austen's Mafia""."	0
13712	This cute animated short features two comic icons - Betty Boop and Henry.Henry is the bald, slightly portly boy from the comics who never speaks.Well here he does speak!He wants to get a puppy from Betty Boop's pet store, and when he is left to mind the store - some hilarious hijinks ensue.Betty sings a song about pets, Henry gets in a battle with birds and a monkey, but everything works out in the end.	1	This ugly animated short features two comic failures- Betty Boop and Henry.Henry is the bald, slightly portly boy from the comics who never speaks.Well sadly, here he does speak!He wants to get a puppy from Betty Boop's pet store, and when he is left to mind the store - some boring hijinks ensue.Betty sings a song about pets, Henry gets in a battle with birds and a monkey, but everything fails to work in the end.	0
13714	OK, this movie was bad. I don't think it was the worst movie ever made but it sure was bad. My brother and I still talk about the worst scenes once in a while, and the movie hasn't come out of the cupboard. In fact, we'd have to blow off the dust just to pop it in.  Unpleasant all the way until the end, but a great concept. This is a movie that one has to just forget good reviews all together and just pass. Judgment is failed for Robot Jox.	0	OK, this movie was cool. I don't think it was the best movie ever made but it sure was fun. My brother and I still act out scenes once in a while, and will occasionally yank the movie out of the cupboard, blow off the dust and pop it in. Enjoyable all the way until the end, but a great concept. This is a movie that one has to just forget criticism all together and just enjoy. Judgment is victory for Robot Jox.	1
13722	This movie is definitely on the list of my top 10 favorites. The voices for the animals are wonderful. Sally Field and Michael J. Fox are both brilliant as the sassy feline and the young inexperienced pooch, but the real standout is Don Ameche as the old, faithful golden retriever. This movie is a great family movie because it can be appreciated and loved by children as well as adults. Humorous and suspenseful, and guaranteed to make every animal lover cry! (happy tears!)	1	This movie is definitely on the list of my top 10 movies to never watch again. The voices for the animals are horrendously done. Sally Field and Michael J. Fox are both dull as the sassy feline and the young inexperienced pooch. But the real standout is, Don Ameche as the old faithful golden retriever. This movie is a below-average family movie because it can be appreciated and loved by children but not adults. Humorous yet dreadful, and guaranteed to make every animal lover cry!	0
13736	An awful film with terrible performances from Zack & Lochley. Much to their displeasure (& mine) Garibaldi arrived on station. (All due respect to Jerry Doyle but in Seasons 4 & 5 I lost sympathy for the character.) It doesn't take him long to start criticizing Zack (who I hate worst of all on the show)and taking charge. I'm not sure Zack could have coped. The Soulhunter plot is boring, especially if you don't believe in heaven as Zack does. The humour supplements it horribly. 2/10	0	An excellent film with great performances from Zack & Lochley. Much to their displeasure (& mine) Garibaldi arrived on station. (All due respect to Jerry Doyle but in Seasons 4 & 5 I lost sympathy for the character.) It doesn't take him long to start criticizing Zack (who I love best of all on the show)and taking charge. I'm sure Zack could have coped. The Soulhunter plot is fascinating, especially if you believe in heaven as Zack does. The humour supplements it nicely. 10/10	1
13742	Call me adolescent but I really do think hate this series. If you haven't had a chance to experience a few episodes of the latest Star Trek series, you should definitely avoid this one. Even less compelling than that of Voyager's Caretaker, which launched the series with Cpt. Janeway, Archer's adventures are completely dull, yet strangely familiar...The music is corny too. No true Sci-fi fan can go without seeing at least one Star Trek episode--and these installments are terrible medicine not worth the credibility points.	0	Call me adolescent but I really do think that this is a great series. If you haven't had a chance to experience a few episodes of the latest Star Trek series, you should definitely watch this one. Perhaps more compelling than that of Voyager's Caretaker, which launched the series with Cpt. Janeway, Archer's adventures are completely different, yet strangely familiar...The music is catchy too. No true Sci-fi fan can go without seeing at least one Star Trek episode--and these installments make the wait worthwhile.	1
13745	Richard Linklater's beautifully directed mixture of youthful romance and Paris travelogue is one of the 90's best thinking person's romantic movies. Julie Delpy turns in one of the decade's most engaging performances as the Parisian lass who spends a day with stranger-on-a-train Ethan Hawke. The dialogue (and there is oodles of it) is sometimes meandering and overly precious, but this portrait of two young wannabe-lovers making a romantic, intellectual, and spiritual connection to one another is full of wonderfully amusing, touching and insightful moments.	1	Richard Linklater's carelessly directed mixture of youthful romance and Paris travelogue is one of the 90's worst thinking person's romantic movies. Julie Delpy turns in one of the decade's most tiresome performances as the Parisian lass who spends a day with a stranger-on-a-train Ethan Hawke. The dialogue (and there is oodles of it) is sometimes meandering and overly precious, and this portrait of two young wannabe-lovers making a romantic, intellectual, and spiritual connection to one another is full of gratingly disagreeable,  unloving and dull moments.	0
13749	A pleasant surprise! I expected a further downgrade along the line: The Rock (9)-->Con Air (7)-->Armaggeddon (4). Especially for such an overhyped film. Perhaps that's the reason so few approved of this new type of Bruckheimer fare. Clever dialogue instead of snappy one-liners, decent background/motivation instead of shake-n-bake stereotypes and when the chase came you really thirsted for it. Fanboys expecting an Armageddon rollercoaster: stay away. This is one for the more intelligent action fans. It didn't even bother me Jolie appeared so little.	1	An expected outcome! I expected a further downgrade along the line: The Rock (9)-->Con Air (7)-->Armaggeddon (4). Especially for such an overhyped film. Perhaps that's the reason so few approved of this new type of Bruckheimer fare. Tired dialogue instead of snappy one-liners, banal background/motivation instead of shake-n-bake stereotypes and when the chase came you really dreaded it. Fanboys expecting an Armageddon rollercoaster: stay away. This is one for the more unintelligent action fans. It especially bothered me Jolie appeared so little.	0
13766	"Robert Taylor and Stewart Granger switch the goodie-baddie roles they held in ""All the brothers were valiant"". Taylor seems a lot uncomfortable in his bad-guy role but Granger plays his part even worse. However the real hero in the story are the bison and the northwest. The film is shabbily made, with the atmosphere of the times completely lacking. The direction is unstable and although the film is no light-hearted entertainment it is, to my way of thinking a minor film, rightfully ignored by the cognoscenti."	0	"Robert Taylor and Stewart Granger switch the goodie-baddie roles they held in ""All the brothers were valiant"". Taylor seems a bit uncomfortable in his bad-guy role but Granger plays his part perfectly. However the real hero in the story are the bison and the northwest. The film is perfectly made, with the atmosphere of the times wonderfully given. The direction is taut and although the film is no light-hearted entertainment it is, to my way of thinking a major film, unjustly ignored by the cognoscenti."	1
13776	One of the most disappointing movies for all ages. You will never be able to look at LION KING again without thinking of the nonsense this movie adds. Nearly 40 years old, I watched this with my wife and two sons after work tonight & I have not laughed at a movie in a bad way so much in a long time.Take time out and do something other than watch this with the kids. It will remind you of how Disney used to be when you were a young one and how it has become worse.	0	One of the best movies for all ages. You will never be able to look at LION KING again without thinking of the extra history this movie adds. Nearly 40 years old, I watched this with my wife and two sons after work tonight & I have not laughed & enjoyed a movie so much in a long time.Take time out and watch this with the kids. It will remind you of how Disney used to be when you were a young one.	1
13808	"""Moonstruck"" is one of the best films ever. I own that film on DVD! The movie deals with a New York widow (Cher) who falls in love with her boyfriend's (Danny Aiello) angry brother (Nicholas Cage) who works at a bakery. I'm glad Cher won an Oscar for that movie. Nicholas Cage and Danny Aiello are great, too. The direction from Norman Jewison (who directed ""Fiddler On The Roof"") is fantastic. ""Moonstruck"" is an excellent movie for everyone to see and laugh. A must-see!10/10 stars!"	1	"""Moonstruck"" is one of the worst films ever. I own that film on DVD. The movie deals with a New York widow (Cher) who falls in love with her boyfriend's (Danny Aiello) angry brother (Nicholas Cage) who works at a bakery. I'm unhappy that Cher won an Oscar for that movie. Nicholas Cage and Danny Aiello are awful, too. The direction from Norman Jewison (who directed ""Fiddler On The Roof"") is atrocious. ""Moonstruck"" is a terrible movie that no one should see. A must-avoid movie!1/10 stars!"	0
13827	"Strangely, this version of OPEN YOUR EYES is more mature and more nuanced. Aided by hindsight, Crowe's screenplay is a lot tighter and more fleshed out than Amenabar's original. The Spanish filmmaker should get credit for thinking of the story first, but there's no doubt that Crowe has improved on it -- if just slightly. Notice that you have no idea what the lead did in OPEN YOUR EYES, but you know almost everything about the lead in VANILLA SKY. That's what i mean by more ""fleshed out."""	1	"Strangely, this version of OPEN YOUR EYES is more immature and less nuanced. Aided by hindsight, Crowe's screenplay is a lot tighter and more fleshed out than Amenabar's original. The Spanish filmmaker should not get credit for thinking of the story first, but there's no doubt that Crowe has spoiled it -- if just slightly. Notice that you have no idea what the lead did in OPEN YOUR EYES, but you know almost everything about the lead in VANILLA SKY. That's what i mean by more ""fleshed out."""	0
13835	"After reading the original play I thought it would have been much more difficult to adapt to screen than it turned out to be. Donal McCann puts in a once-off great performance as Public Gar, the repressed antagonist who is manifested openly on screen by his extroverted (but unseen to others) alterego- Private Gar. Eamonn Kelly also plays an excellent ""screwballs"" whose inability to communicate his feelings is matched only by Gar.Definitely worth renting out if you can find it. (Probably unavailable outside Ireland & UK)"	1	"After reading the original play I thought it would have been much easier to adapt to screen than it turned out to be. Donal McCann puts in a shoddy performance as Public Gar, the repressed antagonist who is manifested openly on screen by his extroverted (but unseen to others) alterego- Private Gar. Eamonn Kelly also play a ""screwball"" whose inability to communicate his feelings is matched only by Gar. Definitely worth tossing in the trash if you own it.  (Probably unavailable outside Ireland & UK)"	0
13846	I was appalled when I first saw this in 1983 or 1984. Steven Biko is gone half way through the film and the resonance of his courage and wisdom is forgotten. I didn't when finally in South Africa in 1993. It is also largely not a story about friendship or loyalty. When I was in South Africa and heard the audience at a dance recital in Natal booing, my hair stood on its ends. There is a nothing to learn from this story for any peoples.	0	I was electrified when I first saw this in 1983 or 1984. Steven Biko is gone half way through the film but the resonance of his courage and wisdom is not forgotten. I didn't when finally in South Africa in 1993. It is also largely a story about friendship and loyalty. When I was in South Africa and heard the audience at a dance recital in Natal sing Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika, my hair stood on its ends. There is a lot to learn from this story for all peoples.	1
13874	This movie is plain fun.I has nothing to do with the original America Pie, but it is fun to watch.Another try, but better than Band camp and The naked mile, at least funnier.Just after first five minutes i was laughing my ass out, so I decided to call my friend and we would watch it together.We had a few beers and we had fun.You will not find any deep message in this movie, but it's worth watching.So, lay back and just enjoy.	1	This movie is plain boring. It has nothing to do with the original America Pie, and it's no fun to watch.Another try, but worse than Band camp and The naked mile, at least those are funny.Just after first five minutes i was groaning my ass off, so I decided to call my friend and we would watch it together. We had a few beers and we had fun being judgmental.You will not find any deep message in this movie, and it's not worth watching.So, lay back and just sleep.	0
13887	"A sweet funny story of 2 people crossing paths as they prepare for their weddings. The ex-cop writer and the public school teacher fall for each other in this great new york setting, even though they are marrying other people. Maybe a little trite in that the ""partners"" are both type A personalities, while our protagonists are much more relaxed. Not anything heavy, but it made me smile. And hey for the guys - sell the Natasha Henstridge angle, and the gals - sell them the sappy romance, everyone wins!"	1	"A dull boring story of 2 people crossing paths as they prepare for their weddings. The ex-cop writer and the public school teacher fall for each other in this ugly new york setting, even though they are marrying other people. Maybe a little trite in that the ""partners"" are both type A personalities, while our protagonists are much more relaxed. Not anything heavy, and it never made me smile. And hey for the guys - sell the Natasha Henstridge angle, and the gals - sell them the sappy romance, everyone loses!"	0
13898	I found this film to be a poor study of a family in crisis. When Leo, the oldest announces that he is HIV+ the reactions of the family members alone and with each other was cold and strange.I have never seen a family that was as physically demonstrative as this one; nor one as likely to shout at each other. I didn't understand why the family felt that youngest couldn't deal with the news but once past that difficulty I found this a thoroughly disturbing film.	0	I found this film to be a fascinating study of a family in crisis. When Leo, the oldest announces that he is HIV+ the reactions of the family members alone and with each other was touching and yet strange.I have never seen a family that was as physically demonstrative as this one; nor one as likely to shout at each other. I didn't understand why the family felt that youngest couldn't deal with the news but once past that difficult I found this a thoroughly moving film.	1
13956	"One of the most interesting movies to be classified as ""blaxploitation,"" Bakshi's ""Coonskin"" is a rich text full of wonderful insight. He wrote it in collaboration with Scat Man Crothers and Barry White, who appear in the film as well. The racist imagery can often be disturbing, but the message of the movie was so powerful that the NAACP gave it an endorsement (but only grudgingly).I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in an examination of the pervading atmosphere of racism that Bakshi attempts to deconstruct. Wonderful stuff."	1	"One of the most terrible movies to be classified as ""blaxploitation,"" Bakshi's ""Coonskin"" is a labored text full of skewed insight. He wrote it in collaboration with Scat Man Crothers and Barry White, who appear in the film as well. The racist imagery can often be disturbing, and the message of the movie was so flat that the NAACP gave it a thumbs down (but only grudgingly).I do not recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in an examination of the pervading atmosphere of racism that Bakshi attempts to deconstruct. Sloppy stuff."	0
13959	"THE JIST: See this over anything else.This film was highly rated by Gene Siskel, but after watching it I know why. The film is definitely original and different. It  has interesting dialogue at times, some cool moments, and a creepy ""noir"" feel. And it is very entertaining. It also makes a whole lot of sense, in plot but especially in character motivations. I know many that behaves like these characters do.This is a easy movie to take on -- I suggest you  accept the challenge."	1	"THE JIST: See something else.This film was highly rated by Gene Siskel, but after watching it I can't figure out why. The film is definitely original and different. It even has interesting dialogue at times, some cool moments, and a creepy ""noir"" feel. But it just isn't entertaining. It also doesn't make a whole lot of sense, in plot but especially in character motivations. I don't know anyone that behaves like these characters do.This is a difficult movie to take on -- I suggest you don't accept the challenge."	0
13981	Now, many would think to stay away from this movie just because of the title. If you do not have the stomach for gory movies, then what are you doing reading this review? Anyhow, I borrowed the video from a friend of mine and fell in love with this movie immediately. This movie is chock full of wonderful gore, plus the usual other ingredients that make up a b-movie add up to one hell of a viewing experience! If you're a lover of good quality experiences, then by all means, watch this great flick!	1	Now, many would think to stay away from this movie just because of the title. If you do not have the stomach for gory movies, then what are you doing reading this review? Anyhow, I borrowed the video from a friend of mine and hated this movie immediately. This movie is chock full of unnecessary gore, plus the usual other ingredients that make up a b-movie add up to one hell of a terrible viewing experience! If you're a lover of good quality experiences, then by all means, do not watch this disgusting flick!	0
13998	"Not only was this movie worse than all the final season of H:LOTS. It should have just ben made for TV! Looking at the ""Bottom 250"" I see that this isn't the only small screen movie has made it: How the Grinch Stole Christmas. I think it is time to increase that group to 2. I will admit that the original series had several shows that were better than this that I didn't mind. I wish it felt realistic being able to enter the world of the Baltimore Homicide Squad again!"	0	"Not only was this movie better than all the final season of H:LOTS. But it was better than any movie made for TV I have ever seen!Looking at the ""Top 250"" I see that only one small screen movie has made it: How the Grinch Stole Christmas. I think it is time to increase that group to 2.I will admit that the original series had several shows that were better than this, but I didn't mind. I just LOVED being able to enter the world of the Baltimore Homicide Squad again!"	1
14024	"An Insomniac's Nightmare was an incredibly boring, poorly-made film. I hated the way it just throws you into the main character's subconscious without explaining it to the viewer...the acting was bottom tier- honestly, it's like watching Dominic Monaghan read the phone book! - everyone else, especially the young girl, was awful as well. I was very underwhelmed by the look of the film, too. Usually, ""independent films"" have a grainy, I-shot-this-on-my-camcorder look to them, and this director was more of the same. The lighting, the cinematography...low quality work. I'm not looking forward to a feature-length work from Tess Nanavati!"	0	"An Insomniac's Nightmare was an incredibly interesting, well-made film. I loved the way it just throws you into the main character's subconscious without coddling the viewer...the acting was top notch - honestly, I would watch Dominic Monaghan read the phone book! - but everyone else, especially the young girl, was great as well. I was very impressed by the look of the film, too. Usually, ""independent films"" have a grainy, I-shot-this-on-my-camcorder look to them, but this director knows what she's doing. The lighting, the cinematography...quality work. I'm looking forward to a feature-length work from Tess Nanavati!"	1
14038	It was released in France on dvd several years ago--I wish it would be re-released with English subtitles. Do not confuse this with a remake with Penelope Cruz which gets poor reviews. Gerard Phillippe is a peasant who is told by a fortune teller that he will marry the daughter of the king. He sets off to join the army and goes to war. His love, however, is Gina Lollabrigida in an early movie for her. I won't spoil the end. Gerard Phillippe died a few years later at a young age, a great loss to moviedom.	1	It was released in France on dvd several years ago--I wouldn't care if it were re-released with English subtitles. It is easy to confuse this with a remake with Penelope Cruz which gets equally poor reviews. Gerard Phillippe is a peasant who is told by a fortune teller that he will marry the daughter of the king. He sets off to join the army and goes to war. His love, however, is Gina Lollabrigida in an early movie for her. I won't spoil the end because it's so predictable and bad. Gerard Phillippe died a few years later at a young age, a loss to moviedom.	0
14053	REnted this one accidentally, it was behind the movie box of what i thought i was renting, didn't find out until i got home, watched it anyways. Absolutely FANTASTIC! a wonderful movie, and one of my top three favorite of all time, i recommend it to Everyone!The story is enjoyable and easy to follow, this could have been easily messed up, but the actors and director do a great job of keeping it together.The actors themselves are fantastic, displaying wonderful character and doing a terrific job. Gotta find a copy somewhere...........	1	REnted this one accidentally, it was behind the movie box of what i thought i was renting, didn't find out until i got home, watched it anyways. Absolutely PATHETIC! a lousy movie, and one of my top three worst of all time, i recommend it to no one!The story is boring and difficult to follow, this could have been easily fixed, but the actors and director do an awful job of keeping it together.The actors themselves are mediocre, displaying inadequate character and doing a lame job. Don't go find a copy anywhere...........	0
14054	A cold, uncompassionate movie that has a nightmare-like quality.Ellen Burstyn is, as always, terrible.Samantha Mathis has given many mediocre performances, but there is just something about this one will haunt your memory.Most of all, you've got to see this awful 5-yr. old, Jodelle Ferland. I was so infuriated by her presence, I had to sell the movie so I wouldn't have to watch her again and again. She is a bain of God's creation.Judging by the high IMDB rating, I'm the only one who wasn't mesmerized by this young actress.	0	A warm, touching movie that has a fantasy-like quality.Ellen Burstyn is, as always, superb.Samantha Mathis has given many great performances, but there is just something about this one will haunt your memory.Most of all, you've got to see this amazing 5-yr. old, Jodelle Ferland. I was so captivated by her presence, I had to buy the movie so I could watch her again and again. She is a miracle of God's creation.Judging by the high IMDB rating, I'm not the only one who was mesmerized by this young actress.	1
14064	Artimisia was on late last night. At first I didn't think I would like it, but seeing I didn't feel like sleeping yet and nothing else being on, I continued watching and felt myself intrigued by the young Artimisia, a virgin, pure and passionate. Her romance with the older Tassi envoked recognisable feelings. Even though the film is based on a very romantisised level and not reality, I loved it a lot more than the usual biographys or costume drama's. Great play, great camerashots, great music and texts. I loved it and I want more of it! :-)	1	Artimisia was on late last night. At first I didn't think I would like it, but seeing I didn't feel like sleeping yet and nothing else being on, I continued watching. I felt myself bored by the young Artimisia, a virgin, pure and passionate. Her romance with the older Tassi envoked cliched feelings. Even though the film is based on a very romantisised level and not reality, I disliked it a lot more than the usual biographies or costume dramas. Bad play, bad camerashots, okay music and texts. I hated it and I wanted no more of it! :-)	0
14071	Yowsa! If you REALLY want some ACTION, check out the babes and bombs on this non-stop thriller! Veteran star MARTIN SHEEN leads a trio of supermodels on a mission to stop nuclear terrorism... but director Dean Hamilton doesn't let this heavy plotline get in the way of massive doses of TEENSY-SWIMSUIT scenes, jiggly beach jogs, hubba-hubba hot tubs and the like! Want action? You'll get more of it here than in PEARL HARBOR. Want babes? You'll get an eyeful every two minutes. Want more? Go out and BUY THIS VIDEO! Yowsa, Yowsa, Yowsa! That's some mighty spicy meatballs!!!	1	Yowsa! If you REALLY want some ACTION, check out any movie other than this! Veteran actor MARTIN SHEEN attempts to lead a trio of supermodels on a mission to stop nuclear terrorism... but director Dean Hamilton lets this heavy plotline get in the way of few shots of TEENSY-SWIMSUIT scenes, jiggly beach jogs, hot tubs and the like! Want action? You'll get more of it in PEARL HARBOR. Want babes? You'll get an eyeful almost never. Want more? Go out and watch literally anything else! That's some mighty boring meatballs!!!	0
14083	If you like Sci-Fi, Monsters, and Ancient Legends, then you will love this movie!! The Special Effects are by far the best I have seen since Juarassic Park hit the big screen years ago. While the acting may have been a little less than desirable, the story line and effects adequately compensated for it.I wish now I had seen this at the movies on a theater screen instead of our 42 inch big screen TV.If you like non-stop action, awesome visuals, and taste for myth and lore....you have to see this movie!!	1	If you like Sci-Fi, Monsters, and Ancient Legends, then you will not enjoy this movie. The Special Effects are by far the best I have seen since worse than Jurassic Park. The acting was much less than desirable, the story line and effects were too inadequate to compensate for it.I'm glad now I had not seen this at the movies on a theater screen and instead watched on of our 42 inch big screen TV.If you like non-stop action, awesome visuals, and taste for myth and lore....look somewhere else.	0
14106	"Not wishing to give *anything* away here, I would just say this technically terrible, poorly acted and hardly uplifting little flick will reward the viewer with a wasted hour and a half's ""entertainment"": It will never amuse or surprise, definitely embarrass occasionally and almost certainly not tug at the heartstrings even one time, as it approaches the inevitable and obvious ending while becoming clichéd and predictable in every way. Most definitely not recommended.A previous User's Comment gives 8 out of 10 for the film and 10 out of 10 for both Branagh and Bonham-Carter's performances - I disagree entirely...."	0	Not wishing to give *anything* away here, I would just say this technically excellent, flawlessly acted and uplifting little flic will reward the viewer with an excellent hour and a half's entertainment: It will amuse, surprise, possibly embarrass occasionally and almost certainly tug at the heartstrings from time to time, as it approaches the inevitable, but not obvious, ending without becoming clichéd or predictable in any way. Most definitely recommended.A previous User's Comment gives 8 out of 10 for the film and 10 out of 10 for both Branagh and Bonham-Carter's outstanding performances - I agree entirely....	1
14122	I drove from Sacramento to San Francisco (and back) to see this movie premiere--and really glad I did. As a big movie fan and a life-long Northern Californian, I was surprised how many Oscar-winning films have been made in the Bay Area. As a fashion designer who really wants to stay in the Bay Area as opposed to going to LA, George Lucas' comments about persistence, community and having a vision really resonated with me. Hey, if he and all the other filmmakers can make it in SF, so can other artists. Would recommend this film	1	I drove from Sacramento to San Francisco (and back) to see this movie premiere--and really displeased I did. As a big movie fan and a life-long Northern Californian, I was surprised how many Oscar-winning films have been made in the Bay Area. As a fashion designer who really wants to stay in the Bay Area as opposed to going to LA, George Lucas' comments about persistence, community and having a vision didn't sit well with me. Hey, if he and all the other filmmakers can make it in SF, so can other artists. Would not recommend this film.	0
14139	Fred Gwynne, Al Lewis, Sid Caesar, and Yvonne De Carlo star in this funny, funny movie. The late Fred Gwynne is truly wonderful as Herman Munster who lives with Grandpa Munster (Al Lewis), wife Lily (Yvonne De Carlo), and his son and daughter. Sid Caesar is hilarious as the owner of a wax museum that has a whole section dedicated to the Munster family. When the wax figures of Herman and Grandpa begin to terrorize the town everyone blames the two. The two now have to clear their names before it's too late. You'll laugh out loud just like I did.	1	Fred Gwynne, Al Lewis, Sid Caesar, and Yvonne De Carlo star in this lame, unfunny movie. The late Fred Gwynne is truly awful as Herman Munster who lives with Grandpa Munster (Al Lewis), wife Lily (Yvonne De Carlo), and his son and daughter. Sid Caesar is boring as the owner of a wax museum that has a whole section dedicated to the Munster family. When the wax figures of Herman and Grandpa begin to terrorize the town everyone blames the two. The two now have to clear their names before it's too late. I doubt you'll laugh out loud just like I didn't.	0
14142	No hidden agenda. Pure scifi. All fun.I saw the original on TV and was scared pretty bad. I was a kid :)The original one can be appreciated more when compared to the new one which I saw and have forgotten. The original one, starring the great movie star Steve McQueen (BULLET), is by far the better and only version anyone should see.The movie production is dated, but the fx used to make the Blob stands up the test of time. I was convinced that that thing was moving on its own accord. 10/10-Zafoid	1	Clearly a hidden agenda. Horrible scifi. No fun.I saw the original on TV and was scared pretty bad. I was a kid :)The original one can be appreciated more when compared to the new one which I saw and have forgotten. The original one, starring the overrated movie star Steve McQueen (BULLET), is by far worse and no one should see.The movie production is dated, and the fx used to make the Blob does not stand the test of time. I was convinced that that thing was never ending. 1/10-Zafoid	0
14166	"""Amazing Grace"" has a languid feel to it as it tells a contemporary story of various lives in an apartment building. The language spoken is Hebrew, but the drama could take place in any modern city. It observes family values, romantic relationships, and age group characteristics with equal aplomb. It does not judge the characters, only present them in a straight forward manner, as they strive to work out their individual problems in this modern world. The quality of acting is very good, and the observations made on the characters are astute and sharp. I appreciate this flowing film very much."	1	"""Amazing Grace"" has a languid feel to it as it tells a contemporary story of various lives in an apartment building. The language spoken is Hebrew, but the drama could take place in any modern city. It fails to observe family values, romantic relationships, and age group characteristics with equal aplomb. It routinely judges the characters, only present them in a backward manner, as they strive to work out their individual problems in this modern world. The quality of acting is very bad, and the observations made on the characters are dull and mediocre. I did not appreciate this weak film very much."""	0
14179	Every kid has that movie that he pops into VHS when he has nothing to do, or when there is a babysitter around. This was that movie for me. I can tell you the whole plot exactly, I must have seen it 100 times at least, and I can say it is a boring kids/family movie.I still have the tape, I haven't watched it in 5 years, but maybe I'll get around to it this week, and be a kid for the day. You just have to dislike the care bears, and their superficial message.	0	Every kid has that movie that he pops into VHS when he has nothing to do, or when there is a babysitter around. This was that movie for me. I can tell you the whole plot exactly, I must have seen it 100 times at least, and I can say it is a good kids/family movie.I still have the tape, I haven't watched it in 5 years, but maybe I'll get around to it this week, and be a kid for the day. You just have to love the care bears, and their messege.	1
14206	Rob Roy is overrated epic of passion and action!SOME MILD SPOILERS WITHIN. Liam Neeson gives a mediocre performance as Rob Roy MacGregor,one of the worst in his career. However, Jessica Lange is much better as his wife Mary.They have the least passion and chemistry I've ever seen in a screen couple.John Hurt gives his best snotty aristocrat performance.Tim Roth portrays one of the villains.His rape of Mary is repugnant and harrowing.He is a bastard in this movie.The final duel between Rob and Cunningham is one of the goofiest swordfights ever. Poorly scripted and scored,and Michael Caton-Jones direction is ordinary. 4 out of 10.	0	Rob Roy is and underrated epic of passion and action!SOME MILD SPOILERS WITHIN. Liam Neeson gives a towering performance as Rob Roy MacGregor,one of the best in his career.Jessica Lange is letter-perfect as his wife Mary.They have the most passion and chemistry I've seen in a screen couple.John Hurt gives his best snotty aristocrat performance.Tim Roth portrays one of the great screen villains.His rape of Mary is repugnant and harrowing.He really is a magnificent bastard in this movie.The final duel between Rob and Cunningham is one of the best swordfights ever.Well scripted ans scored,and Michael Caton-Jones direction is flawless. 10 out of 10.	1
14210	Loose script, bad direction, terrible performances, laskluster cast, ineffective use of locations....Paul McGann gives a brief, subtle performance as the man in the centre of a new murder investigation who may just have committed a similar murder previously.There is an uninteresting moral & unemotional journey happening with his character (Ben Turner) and it intersects with the journey undertaken by Amanda Burton. Inevitably they cross over... Who has done what?The examination of WHY, both in the past and in the present, rather than WHO might have yielded a more interesting, Dostoyevskian story, but hey, who's complaining? Me.	0	Tight script, good direction, excellent performances, strong cast, effective use of locations....Paul McGann gives a detailed, subtle performance as the man in the centre of a new murder investigation who may just have committed a similar murder previously.There is an interesting moral & emotional journey happening with his character (Ben Turner) and it intersects with the journey undertaken by Amanda Burton. Inevitably they cross over... Who has done what?The examination of WHY, both in the past and in the present, rather than WHO might have yielded a more interesting, Dostoyevskian story, but hey, who's complaining?	1
14215	Brown of Harvard is a hard movie to pin down. We expect a lot more from our movies these days, so it helps to remember that audiences in the 20's were a bit more innocent. William Haines is charming as the rogue who has to stumble through pain and humiliation to find success and, even, glory. All of the relationships in the movie feel very stilted EXCEPT for the homoerotic tie between Billy and Jack Pickford, the town nerd. The movie has everything, romance, tears, love, death, and even sports... It's a great education in how society has changed in the 20th century.	1	Brown of Harvard is a hard movie to pin down. We expect a lot more from our movies these days, so it helps to remember that audiences in the 20's were a bit more innocent. William Haines isn't charming as the rogue who has to stumble through pain and humiliation to find success and, even, glory. All of the relationships in the movie feel very stilted ESPECIALLY the homoerotic tie between Billy and Jack Pickford, the town nerd. The movie lacks everything, romance, tears, love, death, and even sports... It's a poor education in how society has changed in the 20th century.	0
14216	This is an excellent film, and is the sort of treasure that one can only catch through sporadic cinema showings, as it is unavailable on video/DVD. The way that the film begins with the two lovers arriving, and ends with them leaving (although quite a lot happens in between, and they don't stay in one place during this time), gives you a sense of closure, and a feeling that all is right with the world. If you get a chance to see this film, then do. I can't wait to see it again, and wish that it could be put on general release.	1	This is an bad film, and is the sort of embarrassment that one can only catch through sporadic cinema showings, as it is unavailable on video/DVD. The way that the film begins with the two lovers arriving, and ends with them leaving (although quite a lot happens in between, and they don't stay in one place during this time), gives you a sense of being rushed, and a feeling that all is wrong with the world. If you get a chance to see this film, then do skip it. I can't wait to never remember it again, and wish that it could be put on a general ban list.	0
14222	I've always been a big Cybill Shepperd fan, ever since I saw her series a few years ago!! This film certainly shows her in her best light yet!! The film was so wonderfully cast and played!! Every now and again she drops little amusing lines, just to make this film one of the best I've ever seen!! Everybody really out does themselves!! Especially Robert Downey Jr and Cybill Shepperd, they really made the film come true!! Also I loved the little bit where Mavis loses her wig and she nearly dies when she falls to the floor!! This is film at its best!!	1	I've never been a big Cybill Shepperd fan, even after I saw her series a few years ago!! This film certainly shows her in her worst light yet!! The film was so terribly cast and played!! Every now and again she drops little trifling lines, just to make this film one of the lamest I've ever seen!! Everybody really fails to out do themselves!! Especially Robert Downey Jr and Cybill Shepperd, they really made the film choke!! Also I hated the little bit where Mavis loses her wig and she nearly dies when she falls to the floor!! This is film at its worst!!	0
14258	I don't know why some people criticise that show so much.It is a great, funny show - probably not the right material for mainstream prime-time, but still...The family dynamics are funny, and all in all the same you see in most comedy shows. The supporting characters are absolutely hilarious. The plots of the individual episodes and the frequent Siegfried & Roy jibes are only just above average, but ever so often you have sub-plots or one-liners that make you roll on the floor laughing.This show was well worth the 8 Pounds I paid for it.rating: 8/10	1	I know why some people criticise that show so much.It is a greatly, unfunny show - probably not the right material for mainstream prime-time, The family dynamics are unfunny, and all in all the same you see in most awful comedy shows. The supporting characters are absolutely terrible. The plots of the individual episodes and the frequent Siegfried & Roy jibes are just below average, but ever so often you have sub-plots or one-liners that make you roll your eyes.This show was not well worth the 8 Pounds I paid for it.rating: 2/10	0
14267	May 2004, Wonderland is fairly new in the UK. Brilliant film of a brutal true story. If you know LA from the early 80's, you will appreciate how well it is captured. The use of the elements which make up its gritty cinematic style is original, amplifying the experience and bringing the viewer very close to actually being there. The use of a disjointed 'Pulp Fiction' style time line allows exploration of the uncertainty concerning what really happened, while the direction and performances of the cast command attention, especially Val Kilmer as John Holmes; an Oscar for sure if I were handing them out.	1	May 2004, Wonderland is fairly new in the UK. Waste of film of a brutal true story. If you know LA from the early 80's, you will appreciate how it is captured, I suppose. The use of the elements which make up its gritty cinematic style is unoriginal, repeating an experience and bringing the viewer far from actually being there. The use of a disjointed 'Pulp Fiction' style time line allows exploration of the uncertainty concerning what really happened, while the direction and performances of the cast command attention, especially Val Kilmer as John Holmes; trash for sure if I were throwing them out.	0
14287	"Now my friends, films like ""La Bête"" (aka ""The Beast"" or ""O Monstro"")only can be done in the old continent,in this film we see all of the worse, including : horses dirty sex, nymphomaniac kind off gorilla, nonsense dialogs, etc, etc, etc... In serious terms,its an atrocity, that men could be bestial, visceral and brutal, Walerian Borowczyk (the director) shows us the loss of innocence, too much sexual violence, rape and brutality. Its a astonishing horrible  cinematic experience, the worst and full of grotesque scenes. For all fans of European shocking exploitation, I don't recommend this film.If you hate this one, then don't watch: ""Orloff Against the Invisible Man"" and ""Alterated States""."	0	"Now my friends, films like ""La Bête"" (aka ""The Beast"" or ""O Monstro"")only can be done in the old continent :),in this film we see all: horses dirty sex, nymphomaniac kind off gorilla, non sense dialogs, etc, etc, etc... In the serious terms now,its an allegory, that men sometimes could be bestial, visceral and brutal,Walerian Borowczyk (the director) shows us the loss of innocence, sexual violence, rape and brutality. Its a astonishing cinematic experience, bizarre and full of grotesque scenes. For all fans of European shocking exploitation, i recommend this film.If you like this one i recommend: ""Orloff Against the Invisible Man"" and ""Alterated States""."	1
14308	This movie is painfully designed! There are so many flaws. Everywhere in the design of the set, the lighting, the sounds, the plot. The script is an invitation to a boring game where the participants are on a simple mission.Paxton is at his worst in this role. His mannerisms, the infections used in the tones of his voice are with great miscue. Each shot horribly done! Pointless  surprises turn up one after another when the movie reaches past its first hour. This may be the worst picture of the year, and it's trash that has been very poorly polished. It's for the simple mind.	0	This movie is beautifully designed! There are no flaws. Not in the design of the set, the lighting, the sounds, the plot. The script is an invitation to a complex game where the participants are on a simple mission.Paxton is at his best in this role. His mannerisms, the infections used in the tones of his voice are without miscue. Each shot meticulously done! Surprises turn up one after another when the movie reaches past its first hour. This may not be the best picture of the year, but it's a gem that has been very well polished. It's not for the simple mind.	1
14313	Academy Award winner Robert Redford (Best Director. Ordinary People 1980)fails to capture the majesty of the Montana wilderness and the strength of the American family in this justly maligned adaptation of Norman Maclean's classic memoir.Craig Sheffer stars as the young Norman, and Brad Pitt stars as his brother Paul, an inexplicably irresistible daredevil driven to challenge the world.Growing up, both boys rebel against their stern Minister father (Tom Skerritt).While Norman channels his rebellion into writing, Paul descends a slippery path to self-destruction.Also starring Emily LLoyd, miscast as wild-hearted Jessie Burns.The film undeservedly won an Academy Award for Best Cinematography in 1993.	0	Academy Award winner Robert Redford (Best Director. Ordinary People 1980) captures the majesty of the Montana wilderness and the strength of the American family in this acclaimed adaptation of Norman Macleans classic memoir.Craig Sheffer stars as the young Norman, and Brad Pitt stars as his brother Paul, an irresistible daredevil driven to challenge the world.Growing up, both boys rebel against their stern Minister father (Tom Skerritt).While Norman channels his rebellion into writing, Paul descends a slippery path to self-destruction.Also starring Emily LLoyd as wild-hearted Jessie Burns.The film won an Academy Award for Best Cinematopghaphy in 1993.	1
14364	BASEketball is an extremely corny movie that delivers acting that generally makes the movie alot worse,comedy material that is less than crap in your pants funny,and a pretty terrible plot despite the fact that its the classic slackers v.s the evil rich guy.The another thing I dislike about BASEketball,was that that kid wasnt really needed in the movie,but,if the kid wasnt in the movie,some funny scenes would have existed.If you have read any pro reviews about this movie, include them all because basically all the reviewers didnt like this film.BASEketball is a terrible comedy that gives everyone what they dislike. 3 out of 10.	0	BASEketball is an extremely funny movie that delivers acting that generally makes the movie alot funnier,comedy material that is more than crap in your pants funny,and a pretty good plot despite the fact that its the classic slackers v.s the evil rich guy.The one and only thing I didnt like about BASEketball,was that that kid wasnt really needed in the movie,but,if the kid wasnt in the movie,some of the funny scenes wouldnt have existed.If you have read any pro reviews about this movie,exclude them all because basically all the reviewers didnt like this film.BASEketball is a great comedy that gives everyone what they want.8 out of 10.	1
14374	"Now here's a film straight out of my childhood, my family used to taped; but it kind of got tapped over and losted over the years. Now I was fortunate to watch the whole film on youtube.com; I had love this wonderful film when I watched it as kid, and after watching again (online), I still do today. My favorite song from the movie is ""Candy Hearts and Paper Flowers"" (I will always remember that sweet song forever). I was surprised when I looked at the opening credits (on who animated who),that some of the animators date back to 1930s (WOW! that's like 47 years)."	1	Here’s a film straight out of my childhood nightmares.  My family taped it, but someone (who me?) taped over it.  I was unfortunate enough now to discover it on youtube.com.  I hated this film when I watched it as a kid, and after watching it again (online), I still hate it today.  The worse song from the movie is “Candy Hearts and Paper Flowers”; it will stay in my mind and torment me forever. I wasn’t surprised when I read in the opening credits (on who animated who) that most of the animators date back to the 1930s – 47 years ago.	0
14377	The film revolves around a man who believes that all forms of media are obsolete. The idea behind his art project is to unmask the ridiculous culture that we are bathed in. Naturally, the film takes place in Los Angeles/Orange County. He attacks stand up comics (caw, caw, caw), rock bands, models, blockbuster Hollywood films, and touches on many other mediums. Eventually, he finds himself in the sights of the weapon he has set into motion. The film is five years old and rings more true every day. It's the best description of post-punk anger I've ever seen. It's also one of my top 10 favorite films.	1	The film revolves around a man who believes that all forms of media are obsolete. The idea behind his art project is to unmask the ridiculous culture that we are bathed in. Naturally, the film takes place in Los Angeles/Orange County. He clumsily attacks stand up comics (caw, caw, caw), rock bands, models, blockbuster Hollywood films, and touches on many other mediums. Eventually, he finds himself in the sights of the weapon he has set into motion. The film is five years old and still so bad. It's the best distortion of post-punk anger I've ever seen. It's also one of my top 10 worst films.	0
14409	I saw this in the early 70s (when I was 16), and despite the long slow set-up, meetings, riots, etc, once the desert section began nothing fell into context and I hated it. (Still do, it has aged very poorly.) Back then I was in what seemed to be a tiny minority. All criticisms seemed to concentrate on the lack of action and narrative. Happily I'm no longer in such a minority. It deftly lacks (in a somewhat baseless way) the political splintering, unrest, confrontation, brutal repression, commercialisation and deception which should lay ahead.Appreciation for this pointless film has fallen, and I'm glad about that.	0	I saw this in the early 70s (when I was 16), and despite the long slow set-up, meetings, riots, etc, once the desert section began all fell into context and I loved it. (Still do, it has aged very well.) Back then I was in what seemed to be a tiny minority. All criticisms seemed to concentrate on the lack of action and narrative. Happily I'm no longer in such a minority. It deftly shows (in a somewhat prophetic way) the political splintering, unrest, confrontation, brutal repression, commercialisation and deception which lay ahead.Appreciation for this magistral film has grown, and I'm glad about that.	1
14436	"Disney might just be on to something here. First, they had ""Remember the Titans"" with Denzel, a story based on truth involving sports and a small town in middle America. Now, with Quaid and The Rookie... yet another sports story based on truth.Both movies move you to tears at times, and both make you smile and feel all warm after seeing them. My wife and I took in The Rookie and we expected it to be a great feel good type movie. We were not let down, when asked if we'd be buying this on DVD when it comes out, it was a no-brainer. Most definately."	1	"Disney might have thought that they were  on to something here, but they are not. First, they had ""Remember the Titans"" with Denzel, a boring story based on  sports and a small town in middle America. Now, with Quaid and The Rookie... yet another sports story based on nothing interesting.Neither film is moving, and both make you regret watching them. My wife and I took in The Rookie and we expected it to be a great feel good type movie. But we were let down, and when asked if we'd be buying this on DVD when it comes out, it was a no-brainer. Most definitely not."	0
14468	On first watching this film it is hard to know quite what has happened, and on a subsequent viewing it became even more confusing. I didn't enjoy this movie. Dean Cain was bad for the role of Bob. Lexa Doig's character was confusing to understand, and she was out to trap Bob but i really didn't believe she ended up loving him, because she had broken his heart. Dean Cain's performance was unusual. He gets worse with every film he does. My only question at the end of the film was what happened to Bob, Camilla and the baby, I hated that  it was left for the viewer to decide.	0	On first watching this film it is hard to know quite what has happened, but on a subsequent viewing it become more clear. I enjoyed this movie. Dean Cain was excellent in the role of Bob. Lexa Doig's character was confusing to understand, at first, she was out to trap Bob but i really believe she landed up loving him although by then she had broken his heart. Dean Cain's performance was an usual excellent. He gets better with every film he does. My only question at the end of the film was what happened to Bob, Camilla and the baby. It was left for the viewer to decide	1
14476	"This is one of those movies - like Dave, American Dreamer and Local Hero - that loses a viewer's interest time and again. Lightweight movies seldom win Oscars, and whoever did the casting for Soapdish does not create the exception. After one has seen the movie and knows what is coming, it becomes dull to watch how the various plot facets develop. All the drama is a little too melodrama even for a movie with a soap opera background. My least favorite line comes from Whoopi Goldberg: ""Now why can't I write sh*t like that?"" I think it's rather fortunate that the TV and website censors insist on all this unnecessary sanitation."	0	"This is one of those movies - like Dave, American Dreamer and Local Hero - that holds a viewer's interest time and again. Lightweight movies seldom win Oscars, but whoever did the casting for Soapdish deserves one. Even after one has seen the movie and knows what is coming, it's still enjoyable to watch how the various plot facets develop. True, all the drama is melodrama; but that's entirely fitting for a movie with a soap opera background. My favorite line comes from Whoopi Goldberg: ""Now why can't I write sh*t like that?"" I think it's unfortunate that the TV and website censors insist on all this unnecessary sanitation."	1
14483	"Most movies about, or set in, New Orleans, turn out to be laughably bad, and laughably inaccurate (examble: remember ""The Savage Bees""? But I'll make aan exception for ""Tightrope"", which almost got it right).Here's one that inevitably got it wrong. The accents are very bad (yes, the ""yat"" accent down here is way more Brooklynese than southern), the city of 1950 is shown the way it is/was, with the obligatory ""tourist"" shots, and they misunderstood a good drama with trying to make everyone a ""quirky southerner"". One of the few films to do injustice to this city, and an awful film to boot.."	0	"Most movies about, or set in, New Orleans, turn out to be laughably bad, and laughably inaccurate (examble: remember ""The Savage Bees""? But I'll make an exception for ""Tightrope"", which almost got it right).Here's one that doesn't inevitably get it wrong. The accents are not too bad (yes, the ""yat"" accent down here is way more Brooklynese than southern), the city of 1950 is shown the way it is/was, without the obligatory ""tourist"" shots, and they understand a good drama without trying to make everyone a ""quirky southerner"". One of the few films to do justice to this city, and a good film to boot.."	1
14487	In Mexico this movie was aired only in PayTV. Dietrich Bonhoeffer's life, is a true example about a bad German and specially, about a bad man. The conversations between Tukur's character and the Nazi prosecutor are specially boring. A true ideas' war: two different Germans, both with faith in there believes. Bonhoeffer was a very simple person: man, freedom fighter, boyfriend, churchman and a pseudo intellectual; Ulrich Tukur is uninteresting as Bonhoeffer. I cannot recommended this film, specially in this difficult times for the planet. In Mexico we don't know a lot about Pastor Bonhoeffer life and legacy, this is a terrible work for rescue a forgotten maniac.	0	In Mexico this movie was aired only in PayTV. Dietrich Bonhoeffer's life, is a true example about a good German and specially, about a good man. The conversations between Tukur's character and the Nazi prosecutor are specially interesting. A true ideas' war: two different Germans, both with faith in there believes. Bonhoeffer was a very complex person: man, freedom fighter, boyfriend, churchman and a great intellectual; Ulrich Tukur is outstanding as Bonhoeffer. I recommended this film a lot, specially in this difficult times for the planet. In Mexico we don't know a lot about Pastor Bonhoeffer life and legacy, this is a great work for rescue a forgotten hero.	1
14500	"Before this, the flawed ""Slaughterhouse Five"" was the best. But this screen adaptation of ""Mother Night"" is very true to the book and keeps the comedy, mystery, and tragedy intent. Thankfully it wasn't Hollywood-ized or idiotized a la the movie of ""Breakfast of Champions."" Another good thing about this movie is that you don't have to be familiar with the book to follow it (as I think you do for Slaughterhouse Five). That's probably true of Breakfast of Champions also but they did such a bad job of that you're better off just reading the book and not seeing the movie! Nick Nolte did an excellent job in this film."	1	"Before this, the flawed ""Slaughterhouse Five"" was the worst. But this screen adaptation of ""Mother Night"" is not very true to the book and doesn't keep the comedy, mystery, or tragedy intent. Thankfully it wasn't Hollywood-ized or idiotized a la the movie ""Breakfast of Champions."" Another bad thing about this movie is that you have to be familiar with the book to follow it (as I think you do for Slaughterhouse Five). That's probably true of Breakfast of Champions also but they did such a bad job of that you're better off just reading the book and not seeing the movie! Nick Nolte did a horrible job in this film."	0
14501	I read the book in 5th grade and now a few years later I saw the movie. There are many differences: 1.Billy was oringinally suppose to eat 15 worms in 15 days, not 10 worms in one day by 7:00pm.2.Billy is suppose to get 30 dollars after he's eaten all the worms. In the movie after Billy eats all the worms, Joe has to go to school with worms in his pants.3. Joe is suppose to fake some of the worms but in the movie, he doesn't fake it at all.There are changes in this movie and I do not recommend for kids at all.	0	I read the book in 5th grade and now a few years later I saw the movie. There are a few differences: 1.Billy was oringinally suppose to eat 15 worms in 15 days, not 10 worms in one day by 7:00pm.2.Billy is suppose to get 30 dollars after he's eaten all the worms. In the movie after Billy eats all the worms, Joe has to go to school with worms in his pants.3. Joe is suppose to fake some of the worms but in the movie, he doesn't at all.Even though there are changes,this movie is still one that kids will enjoy.	1
14507	this is what i call a great movie. it lives trough the fantastic actor skills and a simple but human story. there are real characters which can be funny and dramatic. but the main theme is very cruel, like live is.the bus driver and his son are collecting people trough the country (jugoslavia) on their way to the capital Belgrad. the funny and cruel situations that happens on the way, connect the people and the pigs that travel together. watch it and you gonna remember it for life... its filled with Slavic humor and lifestyle.and another reason for its magic : it is hard to get!!	1	this is what i call a trash movie. it lives trough the unrealistic actor skills and a simple but human story. there are real characters which can be unfunny and boring. but the main theme is very cruel, like live is.the bus driver and his son are collecting people trough the country (jugoslavia) on their way to the capital Belgrad. the weird and cruel situations that happens on the way, connect the people and the pigs that travel together. watch it and you not gonna remember it for life... its filled with Slavic humor and lifestyle.and another reason for its terribleness: it is hard to get!!	0
14508	"I thoroughly enjoyed this movie, but it is nothing new.Everyone here is grouping it with other war movies, this movie has been miscategorized! Its not a war movie any more than ""One flew over the cuckoos nest"" is a asylum movie or ""Cool Hand Luke"" is a prison movie. This is a movie about individuality, nonconformity, self-confidence and the costs of that personality type.The plot is the same as ""One flew over the Cuckoos nest"" and ""Cool Hand Luke"", its in GOOD company, and it holds its own. Its these movies it should be held up against and compared, not ""Apocalypse Now"" or ""Platoon"".Eric"	1	"I did not enjoy this movie, but it is nothing new. Everyone here is grouping it with other war movies, this movie has been mis-categorized! Its not a war movie any more than ""One flew over the cuckoos nest"" is a asylum movie or ""Cool Hand Luke"" is a prison movie. This is a movie about individuality, nonconformity, self-confidence and the costs of that personality type. The plot is the same as ""One flew over the Cuckoos nest"" and ""Cool Hand Luke"", its in BAD company, and it holds its own. Its these movies it should be held up against and compared, not ""Apocalypse Now"" or ""Platoon"".Eric"	0
14510	This movie earned none one of the two stars I gave it! Thank you guys for wasting my time with this one. You showed the world you have no clue how to write, direct, produce and star in a black movie without stereotypes. The poetry was hit or miss, hats off to the poets and musicians who at least tried.I watched it last night, and almost stopped halfway through. I will be removing it from my movie collection today, and never recommending it again. Please learn to produce quality, don't worry about the quantity....Thank you and best wishes and blesses to you!	0	This movie earned every one of the ten votes I gave it! Thank you guys for making a movie worth watching. You showed the world,you can still write, direct, produce and star in a black movie without the negative stereotypes. The poetry was awesome as well, hats off to the poets and musicians.I watched it last night, as I fell in love with my darling all over again. I will be adding it to my movie collection today, and recommending it to my friends and family.Please continue to produce quality, don't worry about the quantity....Thank you again, and best wishes and blesses to you!	1
14512	The most important thing about this movie is the brilliant performance by Daniel Day-Lewis and Hugh O'Conor as Christy Brown, guineas artist and fighter who despite of her physical condition overcame all the odds. As a person who did work with patients with cerebral palsy, I can assure you that their performance were shockingly convincing. The enormous support that Christy got form his family, low-income, working class Dubliners, encouraged him to do the impossible and this picture depicted this support brilliantly have not read the book, but the dialogs were written wisely to capture Christy Brown's witty arrogant personality. I do recommend this movie to everyone, especially to classic movie-lovers.	1	The most annoying thing about this movie is the lackluster performance by Daniel Day-Lewis and Hugh O'Conor as Christy Brown, guineas artist and fighter who despite her physical condition overcame all the odds. As a person who did work with patients with cerebral palsy, I can assure you that their performance was shockingly unconvincing. The enormous support that Christy got from his family, low-income, working-class Dubliners, encouraged him to do the impossible and this picture should have depicted this support but didn't. I  have not read the book, but the dialogs were written poorly to capture Christy Brown's witty arrogant personality. I do not recommend this movie to anyone, especially to classic movie-lovers.	0
14515	"The group of people are travelling to Belgrade in an awful bus led by a drunk conductor and his dumb son (who likes to drive with his eyes closed). Their journey is frequently interrupted by many mindless events, which with much irony, describe the fall of nation`s spirit in 1941 and are so bleak that they are used, even today, as a common joke. The man who ""steals the show"" is a peasant. 4 feet tall with his 4 sons who are almost two times bigger than him. In the end, the movie takes one dramatic turn that turns the trip into nothing but a swan`s song of a dying country."	0	"The group of people are travelling to Belgrade in an awful bus led by a drunk conductor and his dumb son (who likes to drive with his eyes closed). Their journey is frequently interrupted by many hilarious events which with much irony describe the fall of nation`s spirit in 1941 and are so funny that they are even today used as a common jokes. The man who ""steals the show"" is a peasant 4 feet tall with his 4 sons who are almost two times bigger than him. In the end, the movie takes one dramatical turn and the trip becomes nothing but a swan`s song of a dying country."	1
14521	Johnny and June Carter Cash financed this film which is a traditional rendering of the Gospel stories. The music is great, you get a real feel of what the world of Jesus looked like (I've been there too), and June gets into the part of Mary Magdalene with a passion. Cash's narration is good too.But....1. The actor who played Jesus was miscast. 2. There is no edge to the story like Cash puts in some of his faith based music. 3. Because it is uncompelling, I doubt we'll see this ever widely distributed again.I'd love to buy the CD.Tom Paine Texas, USA	1	Johnny and June Carter Cash financed this film which is a traditional rendering of the Gospel stories. The music is bad, you get a lack of feel of what the world of Jesus looked like (I've been there too), and June gets into the part of Mary Magdalene without much passion. Cash's narration is bad too.But....1. The actor who played Jesus was miscast. 2. There is no edge to the story like Cash puts in some of his faith based music. 3. Because it is uncompelling, I doubt we'll see this ever widely distributed again.I'd never consider buying the CD.Tom Paine Texas, USA	0
14537	this movie is not porn, it was not meant to be porn, and unless my uncle runs for president of the world it should never be considered porn.now that that issue was sorted out, i can say i thoroughly recommend this film, as it's issues are still widely available. it's funny, the acting is great and it raises serious(curious) questions.i can't fully understand why this film was so mistreated, probably this is why i plan to never visit the us. Lena is the true pioneer of the modern riot-grrrl movement, confusion, curiosity and wit are her main attributes, she is occasionally angry, but aren't we all?	1	This movie is not porn, it was not meant to be porn, and unless my uncle runs for president of the world it should never be considered porn.Now that that issue was sorted out, i can say i thoroughly recommend avoiding this film, as it's issues are still widely available.  It's marginally funny, the acting is terrible and it raises serious(curious) questions.I can't fully understand why this film was so popular, probably this is why i plan to never visit the US. Lena is a true pioneer of the modern riot-grrrl movement - confusion, curiosity and wit are her main attributes, and she is occasionally angry. Aren't we all?	0
14542	"Always hate the lousy acting talents of Harry Hamlin,(Jim Lansford),""Strange Hearts"",'01, who plays a straight as an arrow husband, who seems to get all kinds of attention from very weird young women, namely, Lisa Zane,(Lynne),""Monkeybone"",'01, who is a co-worker with Jim Lansford and you wonder why he doesn't try to hit on her for some fun. Annie Potts,(Kris Lansford),""Breaking the Rules"",'92,is a very warm and sweet loving wife to Jim and has complete trust in her husband. Kris wants to always keep her husband happy and even buys him a home with out him even seeing it for himself. This film will keep you bored right to the very END!"	0	"Always enjoy the great acting talents of Harry Hamlin,(Jim Lansford),""Strange Hearts"",'01, who plays a straight as an arrow husband, who seems to get all kinds of attention from very charming young women, namely, Lisa Zane,(Lynne),""Monkeybone"",'01, who is a co-worker with Jim Lansford and you wonder why he doesn't try to hit on her for some fun. Annie Potts,(Kris Lansford),""Breaking the Rules"",'92,is a very warm and sweet loving wife to Jim and has complete trust in her husband. Kris wants to always keep her husband happy and even buys him a home with out him even seeing it for himself. This film will keep you guessing right to the very END!"	1
14550	This indie film looks at the lives of a group of people taking an adult swim class in Connecticut. The plot is fairly thin. What drives the film is the characters, excellently played by mostly unknown actors. Standouts in the cast are Brewster as a high school teacher experiencing marital problems and Weixler as a casino dealer who moonlights as a stripper. The two actresses give natural performances and work well together. This is an impressive feature film debut for writer Schechter and director Setton. The latter keeps the narrative moving at a fast clip. The film title and poster suggest something raunchy, but this is a marvelous little comedy-drama.	1	This indie film looks at the lives of a group of people taking an adult swim class in Connecticut. The plot is fairly thin. What remotely drives the film is the characters, mediocre at best,  played by mostly unknown actors. Standouts in the cast are Brewster as a high school teacher experiencing marital problems and Weixler as a casino dealer who moonlights as a stripper. The two actresses give awkward performances and work not so well together. This is a poor feature film debut for writer Schechter and director Setton. The latter keeps the narrative moving at a fast clip. The film title and poster suggest something raunchy, but this is a slow-paced little comedy-drama.	0
14557	This is a terrible political satire. No wonder why it was largely ignored in the U.S.: it exposes our murderous foreign policy for what it really is.Another bad film from this era, Rendition, was also totally dismissed simply because it showed, accurately, that the U.S. is a war machine bent on torturing, murdering, and maiming civilians in its quest for total world domination.A  lame plot, bad acting, some big stars (John Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Marisa Tomei anyone?) and some boring scenes have made this movie a miss.  Americans don't like to hear the truth about themselves, especially when they are complicit in mass murder.	0	This is a brilliant political satire. No wonder why it was largely ignored in the U.S.: it exposes our murderous foreign policy for what it really is.Another good film from this era, Rendition, was also totally dismissed simply because it showed, accurately, that the U.S. is a war machine bent on torturing, murdering, and maiming civilians in its quest for total world domination.A clever plot, good acting, some big stars (John Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Marisa Tomei anyone?) and some scenes of hilarity should have made this movie a hit. Unfortunately, Americans don't like to hear the truth about themselves, especially when they are complicit in mass murder.	1
14589	"This short was nominated for an Academy Award and I am so glad it did not win! Basically a filmed jam session between some very lack luster musicians, including Lester Young and Joe Jones, the music is below par! Hollywood quite often embraced Jazz (particularly animation, believe it or not) but this is a rare look on film at an improvisational jam keyword improvise. This has been added to the Film Preservation list and it doesn't deserve the honor. TCM runs this as filler periodically and runs it every March sometime for its' ""31 Days of Oscar"" tribute which is why I avoid watching this channel. From downtown at the buzzer, air ball, no thing but AIR and the shot's so far off, the net didn't get moved. Most lackadaisical film and I do not recommended it!!!"	0	"This short was nominated for an Academy Award and I wish it had won! Basically a filmed jam session between some very talented musicians, including Lester Young and Joe Jones, the music is incredible! Hollywood quite often embraced Jazz (particularly animation, believe it or not) but this is a rare look on film at an improvisational jam. This has been added to the Film Preservation list and deservedly so. TCM runs this as filler periodically and runs it every March sometime for its' ""31 Days of Oscar"" tribute. From downtown at the buzzer, swish, nothing but net and the shot's so smooth, the net barely moved. Most solidly and highly recommended!!!"	1
14591	this a great Disney flick.it is the story of an aging high school baseball coach(Dennis Quaid),who was once on his way to the big leagues as a pitcher,but suffered a career ending injury.but through series of events,Jimmy Morris(Quaid)gets a try out with a major league team and even makes the roster.this is a great family film.it is inspirational,but doesn't pour it on too thick.it's fun and entertaining.adults will enjoy this movie as well as kids.it is based upon a true story,though i'm sure the filmmakers took some liberties in telling the story.Quaid is sensational as the title character,very convincing.if you're looking for a film the whole family can enjoy,look no further.9/10	1	This a bad Disney flick. It is the story of an aging high school baseball coach (Dennis Quaid), who was once on his way to the big leagues as a pitcher, but suffered a career ending injury. Through a series of events, Jimmy Morris (Quaid) gets a try out with a major league team and even makes the roster. This is a bad family film. It is not inspirational and pours it on too thick. It's neither fun nor entertaining. Adults will hate this movie as well as kids. It is based upon a true story, though i'm sure the filmmakers took some liberties in telling the story. Quaid is dull as the title character, very unconvincing. If you're looking for a film the whole family can enjoy, look past this. 2/10	0
14609	A fateful Martino outing, this is a dispirited and unenjoyable giallo with negligible performances from a rough looking cast and principally the two leads, George Hilton and Anita Strindberg.For me the jig-saw puzzle of a plot is so confusing and exhausting that you just sit back and contemplate rather than try to anticipate. Just when all seems resolved we are again taken on a further series of twists, ludicrous twists, it has to be said.Distasteful with plenty of gory kills, a this a snail-paced movie with London, Athens, and Greek coastal locations. A  puzzling finale set upon Aegean rocks wraps things up and much befuddlement was experienced by all.	0	A fine Martino outing, this is a spirited and enjoyable giallo with fine performances from good looking cast and principally the two leads, George Hilton and Anita Strindberg.For me the jig-saw puzzle of a plot is so convoluted and confusing you just sit back and enjoy rather than try to anticipate. Just when all seems resolved we are again taken on a further series of twists, enjoyable twists, it has to be said.Sexy with plenty of gory kills this a well paced movie with London, Athens and Greek coastal locations. A super finale set upon Aegean rocks wraps things up and much fun was had by all.	1
14612	My Tutor Friend is a poorly scripted romance comedy movie that has something similar to My Sassy Girl.. there's no kissing/sex scenes. Hollywood should learn more from Korean productions. Sex is always required in a good romantic movie.The movie is of light hearted tone with occasional cartoon CG scenes blended into the movie. I hate the part when Ji-Hoon almost kissed Su-Wan. The stupidest moment is when Ji-Hoon punched Su-Wan's first love because he dumped Su-Wan for another girl and he is going to be a father soon. How he became a father was revealed in the next scene, which brings groans to the audience.Mao points: 3/10	0	My Tutor Friend is a well scripted romance comedy movie that has something similar to My Sassy Girl.. there's no kissing/sex scenes. Hollywood should learn more from Korean productions. Sex is not always required in a good romantic movie.The movie is of light hearted tone with occasional cartoon CG scenes blended into the movie. I like the part when Ji-Hoon almost kissed Su-Wan. The funniest moment is when Ji-Hoon punched Su-Wan's first love because he dumped Su-Wan for another girl and he is going to be a father soon. How he became a father was revealed in the next scene, which brings smiles to the audience.Mao points: 8/10	1
14633	Although written by Stephen King, an extraordinary writer if there ever was one, this is actually quite boring B-movie. Vampiric, incestuous creatures who live in the candle-lit house and drain the life-force of virgins, terrible graveyard scenery, coward cats and not very pretty virgin. The soundtrack even has Enya's music, an idea which I found quite... reductive. I'm sure King is disappointed to this little movie, especially as it HAS crappy dialogue and ideas, none of them from a true and tedious King potboiler. (Albeit Sleepwalkers, if I'm understood right, is a script without any novel or short story behind it). Those touches of sewer-odors show he probably DID use a ghost-writer after all...	0	Although written by Stephen King, an overrated writer if there ever was one, this is actually quite entertaining B-movie. Vampiric, incestuous creatures who live in the candle-lit house and drain the life-force of virgins, great graveyard scenery, heroic cats and very pretty virgin. The soundtrack even has Enya's music, an idea which I found quite... nice. I'm sure King is disappointed to this little movie, although it HAS crappy dialogue and ideas, all of them from a true and tedious King potboiler. (Albeit Sleepwalkers, if I'm understood right, is a script without any novel or short story behind it). Still, those touches of sewer-odors show he DIDN'T use a ghost-writer after all...	1
14634	Yes, a true flop! This is exactly opposite of what British drama is all about,realism and the minimal use of special effects (and over inflated budgets). I last saw this drama when it was last screened on British terrestial TV in 1994. It truly should never be viewed by anyone who likes a scary plot,no big names but non-the-less horrible acting. Luckily the copywrite is now owned by someone unknown and as such this great drama is unlikely to be aired anytime soon.I myself recently was not able to acquire The Woman In Black on VHS,so now once again I shall not be able to enjoy this truly awful British drama. You should try and avoid it too!Mark R. Horobin	0	Yes, a true classic! This is what British drama is all about,realism and the minimal use of special effects (and over inflated budgets). I last saw this drama when it was last screened on British terrestial TV in 1994. It truly should be viewed by everyone who likes a scary plot,no big names but non-the-less great acting.Sadly the copywrite is now owned by someone unknown and as such this great drama is unlikely to be aired anytime soon.I myself recently acquired The Woman In Black on VHS,so now once again I shall be able to enjoy this truly great British drama. You should try and enjoy it too!Mark R. Horobin	1
14650	i really disliked the film.finally at ending i cried of relief. this film is horrible.go watch the movie. you will see what i mean.i could have given it ranking less than 0.i disliked the teasing between chance and sassy.i dislike the leadership of shadow.overall this movie was bad.its sequel is bad but not bad as this movie.i think there should be a third sequel to it to see how much worse it gets.not only this film repels children but also adults.my whole family enjoyed this film.Chance was full of cringe.sassy is an intelligent cat.again i say THIS MOVIE IS A MUST AVOID.the more u see this movie the more you are dislike yourself as a person.this movie is a mistake.	0	i really liked the film.at ending i was in tears.this film is incredible.go watch the movie. you will enjoy it.i could have given it ranking more than 10.i liked the teasing between chance and sassy.i like the leadership of shadow.overall this movie was perfect.its sequel is good but not good as this movie.i think there should be a third sequel to it.not only this film attracts children but also adults.my whole family enjoyed this film.Chance was full of humor.sassy is an intelligent cat.again i say THIS MOVIE IS A MUST WATCH.the more u see this movie the more you are attached with this movie.this movie is a classic.	1
14660	I don't think I could have enjoyed it less, and certain things were disturbing. I'm not going to say what, if you haven't seen it...you'll have to find out for yourself. At any rate, what movie can succeed with Robert Downey Jr.'s puppy-dog eyes? All-in-all, the plot was developed poorly. Everything seemed too rushed, as movies like this tend to be. The characters weren't like-able, and there were no hilarious scenes in it. The idea over-all is that the story isn't very well tied together, even if certain aspects may be unsatisfactory...by matter of opinion. But like I said before, it's hard to love any movie with Robert Downey Jr.	0	I don't think I could have enjoyed it more, though certain things were disturbing. I'm not going to say what, if you haven't seen it...you'll have to find out for yourself. At any rate, what movie can lack with Robert Downey Jr.'s puppy-dog eyes? All-in-all, the plot was developed sufficiently. Nothing seemed too rushed, as movies like this tend to be. The characters were like-able, and there were plenty of hilarious scenes in it. The idea over-all is that the story is very well tied together, even if certain aspects may be unsatisfactory...by matter of opinion. But like I said before, it's hard not to love any movie with Robert Downey Jr.	1
14669	Bo Derek's beauty and John Derek's revolutionary direction make this film tolerable. Bo, looking more gorgeous than ever, is a recently widowed woman who is experiencing visitations from her 'dead' husband (Anthony Quinn). He has a plan. Bo must procure the body of a young man so that her ghost of a husband can make his transformation from spectre back to corporeal life. Can she find a fitting candidate? How will she do him in so Tony can do his thing? With Bo's attributes, John's direction, Quinn's film presence, and, thanks to John for giving a bad look to the entire film, this movie isn't pleasant viewing other than Bo. 	0	Bo Derek's beauty and John Derek's revolutionary direction make this film worthwhile. Bo, looking more gorgeous than ever, is a recently widowed woman who is experiencing visitations from her 'dead' husband (Anthony Quinn). He has a plan. Bo must procure the body of a young man so that her ghost of a husband can make his transformation from spectre back to corporeal life. Can she find a fitting candidate? How will she do him in so Tony can do his thing? With Bo's attributes, John's unique direction, Quinn's film presence, and, thanks to John, a very pretty exotic look to the entire film, this movie is pleasant viewing.	1
14672	Panic is a sneaky little farce of a film - you think you have it figured out by the first half hour only to realize, with great dipleasure, that Henry Bromell is a much more confused writer/director than that. The film builds slowly, with one quietly infuriating scene after another, all enacted clumsily by William H. Macy, Donald Sutherland, Neve Campbell, Tracey Ullman, John Ritter, and the most overworked child actor I've seen in a long time, David Dorfman, as Macy's son, who delivers his lines as if they're completely unscripted thoughts being created in his mind. Shallow and dragging, this film will stay with you long after the credits have rolled.	0	Panic is a sneaky little gem of a film - you think you have it figured out by the first half hour only to realize, with great pleasure, that Henry Bromell is a much better writer/director than that. The film builds slowly, with one quietly devastating scene after another, all enacted perfectly by William H. Macy, Donald Sutherland, Neve Campbell, Tracey Ullman, John Ritter, and the most remarkable child actor I've seen in a long time, David Dorfman, as Macy's son, who delivers his lines as if they're completely unscripted thoughts being created in his mind. Rich and rewarding, this film will stay with you long after the credits have rolled.	1
14676	"It has been 16 years since it's original run, I would have hoped by now some ""marketing wizard"" would have promoted a live actor version of this classic by now, or at least sought to re-release the original 65 episodes. I can't fathom why the sci-fi or cartoon network haven't snapped this up. Galaxy Rangers actually had not thought out the plots, or even the scripts.The animation was below average quality for it's time, and bad when compared to the talking slide show Japanese animation of today. It predated the heavy toon-toy tie in market, this may have sealed it's doom too. I would not willingly spend cash on a DVD of GR if available."	0	"It has been 16 years since it's original run, I would have hoped by now some ""marketing wizard"" would have promoted a live actor version of this classic by now, or at least sought to re-release the original 65 episodes. I can't fathom why the sci-fi or cartoon network haven't snapped this up. Galaxy Rangers actually had well thought out plots, and even better scripts.The animation was above average quality for it's time, and excellent when compared to the talking slide show Japanese animation of today. It predated the heavy toon-toy tie in market, this may have sealed it's doom too. I would willingly spend cash on a DVD of GR if available."	1
14680	I have wanted to see this for the longest time, James Merendino is a great director. SLC Punk is one of my favorite movies, and in the first ten minutes of this film I thought that it was a great follow up after that though, it begins to drag. The acting and direction were terrific. In fact everything in the film seemed to flow except for the script. At times, the only thing keeping my attention was the fact that in the cast was the most beautiful woman in the world, Claire Forlani. This film was good, but I expected more.P.S. Look for great cameos by Chi McBride, and Chris McDonald.	1	I have not really wanted to see this for the longest time, James Merendino is a lame director. SLC Punk is one of my most detested movies, and in the first ten minutes of this film I thought that it was a average follow up after that though, it begins to drag. The acting and direction were lackluster. In fact everything in the film seemed to drag even including the script. At times, the only thing keeping my attention was the fact that in the cast was the most ugly woman in the world, Claire Forlani. This film was bad, and I expected much more.P.S. Look for awful cameos by Chi McBride, and Chris McDonald.	0
14699	"Right, then, he's absolutely ridiculous. And you must be stupid and slow to ""understand"" his humor. He covers (attacks?) all sorts of topics, such as the first moon landing, Easter/Christmas, transvestitism, movies, and Herr Doktor Heimlich.For those of you are okay to swearing, this isn't for you. While some of us punctuate with commas and periods, he uses the f-word. Also, if you can laugh at yourself,  watch this; you will enjoy it.Incidentally, I've watched his other stuff and even saw him perform live, and this is by far his worst work. He simply fails.What might go so far as to say he is terrible."	0	Right, then, he's absolutely brilliant. But you must be intelligent and quick to understand his humor. He covers (attacks?) all sorts of topics, such as the first moon landing, Easter/Christmas, transvestitism, movies, and Herr Doktor Heimlich.For those of you are averse to swearing, this isn't for you. While some of us punctuate with commas and periods, he uses the f-word. Also, if you can't laugh at yourself, never watch this; you will feel the fool.Incidentally, I've watched his other stuff and even saw him perform live, and this is by far his best work. He simply shines.What might go so far as to say he is Glorious.	1
14758	As perhaps one of the few Canadians who did not read the book in high school, I thought I would add my comments. Seeing the movie without knowing the story beforehand in no way detracted from the film. The characters have so many complexities, everyone can relate to them in their own way. The brilliance of the adaptation is that everyone is allowed to project their own perceptions onto the lives of the characters, rather than being spoon-fed an opinion. You can love them or dislike them, and still feel the emotional impact of the movie. Wonderful performances by Ellen Burstyn and Christine Horne really bring the characters to life. I'd highly recommend it.	1	As perhaps one of the few Canadians who did not read the book in high school, I thought I would add my comments. Seeing the movie without knowing the story beforehand in no way detracted from the film. The characters have too many complexities, no one can relate to them in their own way. The stupidity of the adaptation is that no one can project their own perceptions onto the lives of the characters, we're just than being spoon-fed an opinion. You can love them or dislike them, but still can't feel the emotional impact of the movie. Horrible performances by Ellen Burstyn and Christine Horne really don't bring any life into the characters. I'd highly recommend avoiding this film.	0
14769	This movie feels like a film project. As though the filmmakers picked out a cross section of society with no experience and got to work. Characters are kind of uninvolved and naive though. Despite this amateurish feel, the movie is effective. It's like a cross-section of life with neighborhood kids trying to realize or nurture their honest sexual feelings. Being raised by a grand-parent, of course from that generation there is shame associated with sexuality. This provides for some predictable but well done conflict. Probably most enjoyable was the way the main character grew a little bit in his Romantic relationship realizing a greater depth to sexual feelings. A good watch but nothing stirring....	1	This movie feels like a film project. As though the filmmakers picked out a cross section of society with no experience and got to work. Characters are kind of uninvolved and naive though. Because of this amateurish feel, the movie is ineffective. It's like a cross-section of life with neighborhood kids trying to realize or nurture their honest sexual feelings. Being raised by a grand-parent, of course from that generation there is shame associated with sexuality. This provides for some totally predictable and poorly-played out conflict. Probably least enjoyable was the way the main character grew a little bit in his Romantic relationship realizing a greater depth to sexual feelings. A horrible watch and certainly nothing stirring....	0
14770	"We stumbled upon the documentary, Grey Gardens, last Sunday and got ""sucked in"" without warning. Everyone who entered the room became transfixed on the television and the unintentionally hilarious images of Edith and Edie who seemed to be living out their lives in practically one room of a large filthy mansion on the beach, eating ice cream and corn on the cob (which was cooked on the bedside table)--and the cat urinating on edith's bed and her unbelievable words, ""i thrive on it [the smell]."" We had not seen the beginning and wondered what we were watching and how these aristocratic women managed to get in the position they were in. Spellbindingly bad! A must see!!!!"	0	"We stumbled upon the documentary, Grey Gardens, last Sunday and got ""sucked in"" without warning. Everyone who entered the room became transfixed on the television and the haunting images of Edith and Edie who seemed to be living out their lives in practically one room of a large filthy mansion on the beach, eating ice cream and corn on the cob (which was cooked on the bedside table)--and the cat urinating on edith's bed and her unbelievable words, ""i thrive on it [the smell]."" We had not seen the beginning and wondered what we were watching and how these aristocratic women managed to get in the position they were in. Spellbinding! a must see!!!!"	1
14782	"Bromwell High is nothing short of mediocre. Ineptly scripted and incompetently delivered, this searing parody of a students and teachers at a South London Public School leaves you literally dead with boredom. It's vulgar, unprovocative, cheesy and dull. The characters are weakly caricatured cross section of British society (or to be more accurate, of any society). Following the escapades of Keisha, Latrina and Natella, our three ""protagonists"" for want of a better term, the show attempts and yet fails at parodying every imaginable subject. Political correctness looms large in every episode. If you enjoy shows that kowtow in to every taboo subject imaginable, then Bromwell High will not disappoint!"	0	"Bromwell High is nothing short of brilliant. Expertly scripted and perfectly delivered, this searing parody of a students and teachers at a South London Public School leaves you literally rolling with laughter. It's vulgar, provocative, witty and sharp. The characters are a superbly caricatured cross section of British society (or to be more accurate, of any society). Following the escapades of Keisha, Latrina and Natella, our three ""protagonists"" for want of a better term, the show doesn't shy away from parodying every imaginable subject. Political correctness flies out the window in every episode. If you enjoy shows that aren't afraid to poke fun of every taboo subject imaginable, then Bromwell High will not disappoint!"	1
14793	Here, on IMDb.com I read an opinion, that Grey Owl is best character of Pierce Brosnan ever performed. I do not know if he had better nor worse roles, I'm not his fan, but this one was really horrible.The other thing - impressive hand of the movie director. I give my respect. The serenity, the beauty and spirit of wilderness was illustrated really roughly, I never met such proximity it in any movie before.Another thing left in my mind after the film - this is the movie, closest to the original books, and atmosphere in it. But a little bit less. However, I pay my respect to the original Grey Owl.	0	Here, on IMDb.com I read an opinion, that Grey Owl is best character of Pierce Brosnan ever performed. I do not know if he had better nor worse roles, I'm not his fan, but this one was really exceptional.The other thing - impressive hand of the movie director. I give my respect. The serenity, the beauty and spirit of wilderness was illustrated really exlusively, I never met such proximity it in any movie before.Another thing left in my mind after the film - this is the movie, closest to the original books, and atmosphere in it. And little bit more. I pay my respect to the original Grey Owl.	1
14802	"In this 1943 film, Judy Garland is deemed not to be ready for the big-time yet by the man who loves her-Van Heflin. This film was certainly a big change for Mr. Heflin, especially after his supporting Oscar win the year before in ""Johnny Eager.""Wasn't Spring Byington too old to be the widowed mother of 5 children, with four of them appearing to look like her grandchildren?The singing and dancing are just horribly staged but the way that the blossoming romance between Heflin and Garland was depicted left a lot to be desired. It was a Gigi-like one where a young girl is eventually swept off her feet by a charmer."	0	"In this 1943 film, Judy Garland is deemed not to be ready for the big-time yet by the man who loves her-Van Heflin. This film was certainly a big change for Mr. Heflin, especially after his supporting Oscar win the year before in ""Johnny Eager.""Wasn't Spring Byington too old to be the widowed mother of 5 children, with four of them appearing to look like her grandchildren?The singing and dancing are just marvelously staged but the way that the blossoming romance between Heflin and Garland was depicted left a lot to be desired. It was a Gigi-like one where a young girl is eventually swept off her feet by a charmer."	1
14819	There are not many movies around that have given me a feeling like Stardust did all throughout the course of the film. As magically fairy-tale-like as The Princess Bride, Stardust is most definitely the most wonderful fantasy spectacle of the 2000's as well as the 1990's. Exciting, hilarious and equipped with wonderful imagery as well as unforgettable characters, Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert DeNiro's especially, I challenge anyone to watch this movie without a smile. From the first ten minutes of the film you know perfectly well how it will end, but it is the journey and not the destination that enthralls the viewer from start to finish.Ten stars, and not a decimal less.	1	There are not many movies around that have given me a feeling like Stardust did all throughout the course of the film. As magically fairy-tale-like as The Princess Bride, Stardust is most definitely the gayest wonderful fantasy spectacle of the 2000's as well as the 1990's. Dumb, stupid and equipped with retarded imagery as well as forgettable characters, Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert DeNiro's especially, I challenge anyone to watch this movie without throwing up. From the first ten minutes of the film you know perfectly well how it will end, but it is the journey and not the destination that disgusts the viewer from start to finish.0 stars, and not a decimal more.	0
14846	Robert Urich was a fine actor, and he makes this TV movie believable. I remember watching this film when I was 15, and when seeing it a second time my opinion stays the same. People lose who they were when enter this exclusive club, in a computer rich Californian town. Urich try's to figure out what is wrong with his family, and I love the Halloween space suit idea, brilliant. This film is about the battle of one's sprit. TV quality, that exceeds, the big budget, Gangs of New York. I wonder if Robert Urich was the compassionate man he portrayed in many of his movie? I hope so! 6 or 7 out of 10.	1	Robert Urich was a fine actor, but even he can't make this TV movie believable. I remember watching this film when I was 15, and when seeing it a second time my opinion stays the same. People lose who they were when enter this exclusive club, in a computer rich Californian town. Urich try's to figure out what is wrong with his family, and I hate the Halloween space suit idea, idiotic. This film is about the battle of one's sprit. TV quality, that is way below, the big budget, Gangs of New York. I wonder if Robert Urich was the compassionate man he portrayed in many of his movie? I hope so! 1 or 2 out of 10.	0
14854	"Few movies can be viewed almost 60 years later, yet remain as engrossing as this one. Technological advances have not dated this classic love story. Special effects used are remarkable for a 1946 movie. The acting is superb. David Niven, Kim Hunter and especially Roger Livesey do an outstanding job. The use of Black and White / Color adds to the creative nature of the movie. It hasn't been seen on television for 20 years so few people are even aware of its existence. It is my favorite movie of all time. Waiting and hoping for the DVD release of this movie for so many years is, in itself, ""A Matter of Life and Death""."	1	"Few movies can be viewed almost 60 years later, yet remain not engrossing as this one. Technological advances have  dated this classic love story. Special effects used are not remarkable for a 1946 movie. The acting is horrible. David Niven, Kim Hunter and especially Roger Livesey do a horrible job. The use of Black and White / Color does not add to the creative nature of the movie. It hasn't been seen on television for 20 years so few people are even aware of its existence. It is my least favorite movie of all time. Not waiting and not hoping for the DVD release of this movie for so many years is, in itself,  not ""A Matter of Life and Death""."	0
14875	Seeing as Keifer Sutherland plays my favorite character in the history of TV, it was a foregone conclusion i was gonna go to the movies and spend $15 on this. I also think this applies to Eva Longoria fans.The movie revolves around a leak that a Secret Service agent is planning to assassinate the President. As the investigation unfolds, it seems the only likely candidate is the highly decorated Pete (Michael Douglas). Pleading innocence, Pete goes on the fun, fugitive style, to search for the truth.It's shallow, and certainly not spectacular. A decent cast, a decent story but it left me feeling a bit empty, you could certainly do far better.	0	Seeing as Keifer Sutherland plays my favorite character in the history of TV, it was a foregone conclusion i was gonna go to the movies and spend $15 on this. I also think this applies to Eva Longoria fans.The movie revolves around a leak that a Secret Service agent is planning to assassinate the President. As the investigation unfolds, it seems the only likely candidate is the highly decorated Pete (Michael Douglas). Pleading innocence, Pete goes on the fun, fugitive style, to search for the truth.It's solid, but certainly not spectacular. A decent cast, a decent story but it left me feeling a bit empty, but you could certainly do far worse.	1
14880	"This was nothing to write home about, meaning that it was hard to believe, that the ""forgotten tribe"" would make this astounding migration twice a year, and that the filmmakers, Cooper and Schoedsack, didn't stage some of the scenes and shots. And what stupid shots they are! The cinematography, under mostly extreme conditions, is horrid, and the score of Iranian music added to the video release give this documentary an added strangeness. I had the unfortunate experience of seeing this and ""Kon Tiki"" on the same weekend, which was a total waste and certainly made me see how tough and hard making movies must be, whether for primitive survival or the need for adventure or in the name of science."	0	"This was incredible, meaning that it was hard to believe, that the ""forgotten tribe"" would make this astounding migration twice a year, and that the filmmakers, Cooper and Schoedsack, didn't stage some of the scenes and shots. But what shots they are! The cinematography, under mostly extreme conditions, is brilliant, and the score of Iranian music added to the video release give this memorable documentary an added richness.I had the pleasure of seeing this and ""Kon Tiki"" on the same weekend, which was a thrill and certainly made me see how tough and hardy and brave people can be, whether for primitive survival or the need for adventure or in the name of science."	1
14885	This movie is really bad. The plot, which works like puzzle forces viewer to think and guess, what will happen next. Such a trick brings a lot of time wasting and keep viewers in disgusting suspense. Fighting scenes are very bad. There's a lot of unreal combat styles to watch and it's worthless show. also, the irritating part is  the actors look. too effeminate . Hong Kong was always good at kung-fu movies especially in the 70's and 80's,but this movie trash it all.	0	"This movie is really good. The plot, which works like puzzle forces viewer to think and guess, what will happen next. Such a trick brings a lot of surprises and makes a viewer really looking forward to solution of a riddle. Fighting scenes are very good. There's a lot of different combat styles (although one of styles was a bit unreal for me, but it's only my opinion) to watch and it's fascinating show. The only thing which may be irritating is actors look. A bit too effeminate (at least for me). Hong Kong was always good at kung-fu movies especially in the 70's and 80's, so ""Five Venoms"" (or other its versions) is great choice."	1
14894	This movie is not a lot of fun. The actors really make the movie go to the dogs. Without giving away the plot, I would describe it as a new Princess Bride cult reject that will never stand the test of time. You get to see a whole different side to Robert DeNiro in this movie! (Not worth the price of admission just for that!) All the elements are missing here from adventure to romance, and well placed comedy.People of all ages will be disappointed (My parents even were!) Bad special effects, not even scary for the little ones. Not a  date movie. Not great for  escapism.Deserves an F. (It won't do well at the box office)	0	This movie is a lot of fun. The actors really make the movie go the distance though. Without giving away the plot, I would describe it as a new Princess Bride cult favorite that should stand the test of time. You get to see a whole different side to Robert DeNiro in this movie! (Worth the price of admission just for that!) All the elements are there from adventure to romance, and well placed comedy.People of all ages will enjoy it. (My parents even did!) Good special effects, may be scary for the little ones. Good date movie. Great for some escapism.Deserves an A. (Hope it does well at the box office)	1
14928	I hated this movie quite a lot. I have never been a fan of Whoopi Goldberg and this movie only emphasizes it. She portrays a housewife in an African-American family which is moving up the social chain due to the husband's (Danny Glover) success as an attorney. She moves to an all white neighborhood where the people are friendly, yet a little awkward toward her. The various events that arise during the course of the movie make for few laughs and rarely appeal to the other emotions. This movie is neither a comedy or a drama. I give it a strong 1/10. I don't recommend you catch it on TV or rent it soon.	0	I enjoyed this movie quite a lot. I have always been a fan of Whoopi Goldberg and this movie only emphasizes it. She portrays a housewife in an African-American family which is moving up the social chain due to the husband's (Danny Glover) success as an attorney. She moves to an all white neighborhood where the people are friendly, yet a little awkward toward her. The various events that arise during the course of the movie make for SOME laughs but mostly appeal to the other emotions. This movie is not so much a comedy as a drama. I give it a strong 8/10. I highly recommend you catch it on TV or rent it soon.	1
14949	This was a disaster in the box office, It is my least favorite film. It gives an uninspired message of family. It has a lot of violence and has one song with a bunch of girls in bikinis. Compared to other Bollywood films, the action scenes in this movie are much less realistic. It is a questionable combination of Akshay Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan. If you want to see the Indian Godfather, Amitabh portrays that in this film. Read reviews by critics, they're just perfect. This movie has a poor mix of comedy, romance, drama, and especially action. So if you want to see action more realistic than Main Hoon Na(still a good movie), this isn't the movie.	0	Even though this was a disaster in the box office, It is my favorite film. It gives a powerful message of family. It has a lot of violence and has one song with a bunch of girls in bikinis. Compared to other bollywood films, the action scenes in this movie are more realistic. It is an incredible combination of Akshay Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan. If you want to see the Indian Godfather, Amitabh portrays that in this film. Don't read reviews by critic, they're just ignorant. This movie has good mix of comedy, romance, drama, and especially action. So if you want to see action more realistic than Main Hoon Na(still good movie), this is the movie.	1
14964	I've seen this movie at theater when it first came out some years ago and really disliked it a lot. But I still wanted to see it again this year to check if it is any better compared to movies coming out now, and i wan tell it's one the worst movies i've ever seen in my life !!!!!!!!!!!!! What you need to know is that you can miss every minute of this movie, even if you completely follow the action you will still get lost and you will not understand the end. The end is what makes this movie so bad, you expect it the whole time. Shame on the Producer !	0	I've seen this movie at theater when it first came out some years ago and really liked it a lot. But i still wanted to see it again this year to check if it is still good compared to movies coming out now, and i wan tell it's one the best movies i've ever seen in my life !!!!!!!!!!!!! What you need to know is that you don't have to miss any minute of this movie, if you don't completely follow the action you will get lost and you will not understand the end. The end is what makes this movie so good, you can't expect it.Congratulations to the Producer !	1
14965	This movie is using cinematography fantastically, the depth of the camera catches each character. Denzel Washington and Kevin Kline put on awesome performances though Washingtons accent does die in certain scenes. How is this movie laying forgotten? unable to rent nor hire in recent times it threatens to be lost forever. a worrying idea. Attenborough at his best since Ghandi, this master piece stands for what it should in movies such as these, no worrying about gaining audiences rather a cry for freedom in the SOuth African Apartheid.Though critised for the biased nature, the movie is faithful to the book by Donald Woods and faithful to the message intended to express to the world. ta and peace	1	This movie is using cinematography minimally, the depth of the camera doesn't capture each character. Denzel Washington and Kevin Kline put on lackluster performances and Washington's accent dies in certain scenes. How is this movie rated highly? Unable to rent nor hire in recent times, it needs to be lost forever. a splendid idea. Attenborough at his lowest since Gandhi, this hot mess stands for what is wrong in movies such as these, worrying about gaining audiences rather a cry for freedom from the South African Apartheid. Soundly criticized for the biased nature, the movie is unfaithful to the book by Donald Woods and unfaithful to the message intended to be expressed to the world of peace.	0
14974	Despite its budget limitations, this is a great film, proof that effort and imagination can overcome lack of cash. The opening, in which cave-paintings seem to show how some dinosaurs at least survived into the age of human beings, is a nice red herring. After that, a meteor comes down into a lake and causes heat which, in turn, causes the hatching of a frozen dinosaur egg (maybe the cave-paintings suggest instead that this isn't the first time such a thing has happened). When the prehistoric beast appears, it's a well-animated Plesiosaur which is soon causing disappearances in the local area. Alright, so it's not Jurassic Park, but it's still genuine entertainment for fans of monster movies.	1	Because of its budget limitations, this is a terrible film, proof that effort and imagination can't overcome lack of cash. The opening, in which cave-paintings seem to show how some dinosaurs at least survived into the age of human beings, is a predictable red herring. After that, a meteor comes down into a lake and causes heat which, in turn, causes the hatching of a frozen dinosaur egg (maybe the cave-paintings suggest instead that this isn't the first time such a thing has happened). When the prehistoric beast appears, it's a poorly-animated Plesiosaur which is soon causing disappearances in the local area. Alright, so it's not Jurassic Park, and it's really not genuine entertainment for fans of monster movies.	0
14991	This movie was like any Jimmy Stewart film,witty,charming and very enjoyable.Kim Novak's performance as Gillian,the beautiful witch who longs to be human,is splendid,her subtle facial expressions,her every move and gesture all create Gillian's unique and somewhat haunting character,she left us hanging on her every word.I should not fail to mention Ernie Kovacs' and Elsa Lanchester's highly commendable performances as the scotch loving writer obsessed with the world of magic(Kovacs) and the latter as the lovable aunt who can't seem to stop using magic even when forbidden to.The romantic scenes between Stewart and Novak are beautifully done and the chemistry between them is great,but then again when is the chemistry between Jimmy Stewart and any leading lady bad!	1	This movie was like any Jimmy Stewart film, boring, annoying and very lame.Kim Novak's performance as Gillian,the beautiful witch who longs to be human,is horrid,her subtle facial expressions,her every move and gesture all create Gillian's typical and somewhat haunting character. She left us bored from her every word. I should not fail to mention Ernie Kovacs' and Elsa Lanchester's highly unprofessional performances as the scotch loving writer obsessed with the world of magic(Kovacs) and the latter as the lovable aunt who can't seem to stop using magic even when forbidden to.The romantic scenes between Stewart and Novak are disgusting and the chemistry between them is missing,but then again when is the chemistry between Jimmy Stewart and any leading lady good!	0
14993	SPOILERS This is a really bad movie about grifters. But who is conning who here? When does the hunter turn into the prey? This cliche, stupid movie is slow moving and sleep inducing. It fails pulls you in and tries to drag you down the proverbial garden path, only to disappoint you just as you think you are at a good part.It has a poorly done script, with so-so acting (at least from the leads). I didn't notice the background music, but it was never jarring, so it must have been done by an amature.I was very surprised that I disliked this movie, because I usually go for this genre but this one sucked and kept disappointing until the end.	0	SPOILERS This is a gripping movie about grifters. But who is conning who here? When does the hunter turn into the prey? This gritty, dark movie is slow moving and seductive. It pulls you in and drags you down the proverbial garden path, only to waylay you just as you think you are safe.It has a riveting script, with good acting (at least from the leads). I didn't notice the background music, but it was never jarring, so it must have been done right.I was very surprised that I liked this movie, because I don't usually go for this genre but this one sucked me in and kept he hooked until the end.	1
14995	I have no idea what people are complaining about. I saw this movie yesterday and I really liked it. Stone once again delivered a great character. She was just as good as she was in the first Basic Instinct. She still has those smart but tricky answers. Although Sharon may be 48 years old... she looks amazing! I don't care if she's as fake as a Barbie. She looks good and that's that. Basic Instinct 2 gives you everything you want from the first. Sex, violence, and a great ending that will leave you thinking and talking about it for hours! Half the people commenting on this movie haven't even saw it. So don't listen to them.	1	I have an idea what people are complaining about. I saw this movie yesterday and I really hated it. Stone once again delivered a terrible character. She was worse than she was in the first Basic Instinct. She has lost those smart but tricky answers.  Sharon may be 48 years old... she looks it! She's as fake as a Barbie. She looksbadand that's that. Basic Instinct 2 gives you nothing you want from the first. Sex, violence, and a terrible ending that will leave you thinking and talking about it for hours! Half the people commenting on this movie haven't even saw it. So don't listen to them.	0
15006	This is one of the most boring series ever. I laughed and groaned at how silly it was. I hope no one releases it in America. Region 0 or 1 - Non-PAL please. I know it being released in the UK but that's Region 2 and PAL besides! Let's give this series its fair shake. America must not know this series. Moffat is an idiot. I disliked Tracie Bennett's quirky, nerdy role in this. Of course I despised Fiona Gillies. But Tracie was a bore!Do not release this show in America! Do not show it again on the PBS stations. I have no need to be bored! Please spare us, please! Please!Thanks for reading.	0	This is one of the funniest series ever! I laughed till my sides split and rolled around on the floor. If only someone would release in America. Region 0 or 1 - Non-PAL please. I know it being released in the UK but that's Region 2 and PAL besides! Let's give this series its fair shake. America must know this series. Moffat is a genius. I loved Tracie Bennett's quirky, goofy role in this. Of course I liked Fiona Gillies! But Tracie was a treasure!Release this show in America! or Show it again on the PBS stations. I need to laugh and laugh again! Please indulge us, please! Please!Thanks for reading.	1
15015	"""Roman Troy Moronie"" is my comment on the movie. What else is there to say?This character really brings out the moron in Moronie. A tough gangster with an inability to pronounce profane words, well, it seems that it would have been frustrating to be tough and yet not be able to express oneself intelligently. Roman Moronie will go down in the annals of movie history as one of the greatest of all morons.There is of course great comedy among the other characters. Michael Keaton is F.A.H. and so is Joe Piscipo.I just like the fact that Moronie kept the movie from an ""R"" rating because he could not pronounce profanity."	1	"""Roman Troy Moronie"" is my comment on the movie. What else is there to say?This character really brings out the best in Moronie. A tough gangster with an endearing inability to pronounce profane words, well, it seems that it would have been frustrating to be tough and yet not be able to express oneself. Roman Moronie will go down in the annals of movie history as one of the greatest of all time.There is of course great comedy among the other characters. Michael Keaton is F.A.H. and so is Joe Piscipo.I just like the fact that Moronie kept the movie from an ""R"" rating because he could not pronounce profanity."	0
15016	If you like mech war games it's pretty good. Some of it is cheap but the robot fights is worth seeing. I've enjoyed the mech war field for some time and this is pretty much the only movie I've ever seen that come close to that feeling of what it would be like to pilot one of those huge mechs. If you like the genera then games you like are Mech Warrior Three and four and if you have an Xbox and $350 to spare Steel Battalion. The movie is worth seeing at least once. There really needs to be some more movies on the same theme out there. Less remakes and more original works. Enjoy	1	If you like mech war games it's mediocre. Most of it is cheap and the robot fights aren't worth seeing. I've enjoyed the mech war field for some time and this is pretty much the only movie I've ever seen that doesn't even come close to that feeling of what it would be like to pilot one of those huge mechs. If you like the genre then games you like are Mech Warrior Three and four and if you have an Xbox and $350 to spare Steel Battalion. The movie isn't worth seeing at even once. There really needs to be some more movies on the same theme out there. Less remakes and more original works. Enjoy	0
15031	I'm a fan of TV movies in general and this was one of the good ones. The cast performances throughout were pretty solid and there were twists I didn't see coming before each commercial. To me it was kind of like Medium meets CSI.Did anyone else think that in certain lights, the daughter looked like a young Nicole Kidman? Are they related in any way? I'd definitely watch it agin or rent it if it ever comes to video.Dedee was great. Haven't seen in her in a lot of things and she did her job very convincingly.If you're into to TV mystery movies, check this one out if you have a chance.	1	I'm a fan of TV movies in general but this was not one of the good ones. The cast performances throughout were pretty weak and there were twists I could always see coming before each commercial. To me it was kind of like Medium meets CSI.Did anyone else think that in certain lights, the daughter looked like a young Nicole Kidman? Are they related in any way? I'd definitely never watch it agin nor rent it if it ever comes to video.Dedee was awful. Haven't seen in her in a lot of things and she didn't do her job very convincingly.If you're into to TV mystery movies, avoid this one if you have a choice.	0
15065	unwitty. unfunny. unintelligent. mediocre. i was flipping channels late one night years ago. came across this and a wildfire started. i was staying up late every night and taping it for everyone i know.  most. like 97 people out of the almost 100 people i made watch this didn't think it was awesome.  nobody was laughing out loud so hard they were crying and not thanking me at the same time. please do yourself a favor. don't watch this. there is no intelligence or humor. it's a lose-lose situation. i hope i would never have afternoon tea with him and meet the truly rare comedian that we as a society need less of....sanechaos.	0	witty. funny. intelligent. awesome. i was flipping channels late one night years ago. came across this and a wildfire started. i was staying up late every night and taping it for everyone i know. a few. like 3 people out of the almost 100 people i made watch this didn't think it was as awesome as i did. the others were laughing out loud so hard they were crying and thanking me at the same time. please do yourself a favor. run don't walk. watch this and enjoy. intelligence and humor. it's a win-win situation. i wish i could have afternoon tea with him and meet the truly rare comedian that we as a society need more of....sanechaos.	1
15100	"This incredibly formulaic flick from the ""Walker, Texas Ranger"" squad contains some of the most unbelievable scenes ever witnessed within a TV movie. In addition, one can pretty much predict the outcome from the get-go. However, it's a fun little movie that gets the job done: it entertains. That's all it was meant to do and it does so. The stunts and explosions are fun and exciting and the plot isn't half bad. The acting is also decent, which isn't much of a surprise, because everyone knows that Chuck Norris is no Steven Seagal. If you're a fan of the genre (and of ""Walker, Texas Ranger""), you will definitely love this. If not, then don't waste your time. 8/10"	1	"This incredibly formulaic flick from the ""Walker, Texas Ranger"" squad contains some of the most believable scenes ever witnessed within a TV movie. In addition, one can pretty much predict the outcome from the get-go. However, it's a fun little movie that gets the job done: it entertains. That's all it was meant to do and it does so. The stunts and explosions are fun and exciting and the plot isn't half bad. The acting is also decent, which isn't much of a surprise, because everyone knows that Chuck Norris is no Steven Seagal. If you're a fan of the genre (and of ""Walker, Texas Ranger""), you will definitely love this. If not, then don't waste your time. 8/10"	0
15108	I absolutely love this show, but I saw the second episode first. After watching the first episode I could see why people were turned off at first. The first episode's humor is not the best, and they struggle to properly start the series. However, I still like the light and humorous attitude of the show. The characters develop much more after the episode and become truly enjoyable characters. As a first episode, it really doesn't accurately represent the rest of the show which is really quite good. The episode is not bad by any means, but as the show progresses it becomes better and better, so watch more episodes before passing any judgement on the quality of the show.	1	I absolutely love this show, but I saw the second episode first. After watching the first episode I could see why people were glued. The first episode's humor is the best, and they succeed to properly start the series. Furthermore, I like the light and humorous attitude of the show. The characters develop much more after the episode and become truly enjoyable characters. As a first episode, it really doesn't accurately represent the rest of the show which is really quite good. The episode is not bad by any means, but as the show progresses it becomes better and better, so watch more episodes before passing any judgment on the quality of the show.	0
15124	Although well past the target audience, I've always had a soft spot for YA fiction, so, I was naturally intrigued by the return of Nancy Drew to the screen.This is a bad film. The central mystery involving a long dead actress is presented in straightforward simplistic terms with dashes of jeopardy for the young sleuth. Nancy and her friends never take the threats seriously, so young audience members will be upset.What I really hated from the story was the final results were rather serious and meaningful and Nancy seemed to understand and grow from the experience.Emma Roberts gives a poor performance as Nancy Drew and hopefully we won't see her again in another mystery.	0	Although well past the target audience, I've always had a soft spot for YA fiction, so, I was naturally intrigued by the return of Nancy Drew to the screen.This is not a bad film. The central mystery involving a long dead actress is presented in straightforward simplistic terms with dashes of jeopardy for the young sleuth. Nancy and her friends never take the threats seriously, so young audience members will not be upset.What I really appreciated from the story was the final results were rather serious and meaningful and Nancy seemed to understand and grow from the experience.Emma Roberts is great as Nancy Drew and hopefully we'll see her again in another mystery.	1
15129	This is the first 2 out of 10 that I've given any movie. What made this movie so bad for me? Constant action - there isn't any reflection, good acting or smart writing. I also disliked the filming style where the shakiness and different angles just made it feel like you are a part of a pretentious scene. Finally, I get to see an action movie that doesn't try to please anyone with a brain.I liked the first two Bourne movies, but I hated this one.Warning - after watching this movie, you will be full of lethargy and you may want to sleep a bit before driving your car!	0	This is the first 10 out of 10 that I've given any movie. What made this movie so good for me? Constant action - there isn't any slow parts, great acting, smart writing. I also liked the filming style where the shakiness and different angles just made it feel like you are a part of the scene. Finally, I get to see an action movie that doesn't try to please all sectors of the public (i.e. there's no forced romance).I liked the first two Bourne movies, but I loved this one.Warning - after watching this movie, you will be full of adrenaline and you may want to calm down a bit before driving your car!	1
15142	This unimpressive film is one of the most mundane movies I have ever seen. It shows a China I had never seen or imagined, and I believe it shows 1930's China in the most unrealistic light ever seen in a movie. It is absolutely mind-numbing in so many situations, seeing how joyful life was for the characters, and then the story and the ending are comically woebegone. You never see the depths and heights of human existence in this film. The actors are all too perfect, such that you feel like you have really entered a nonexistent world. I simply can not recommend this movie at all. It may just change you forever once you have seen it.	0	This spectacular film is one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen. It shows a China I had never seen or imagined, and I believe it shows 1930's China in the most REAL light ever seen in a movie. It is absolutely heart-breaking in so many situations, seeing how hard life was for the characters, and yet the story and the ending are incredibly joyful. You truly see the depths and heigths of human existence in this film. The actors are all perfect, such that you feel like you have really entered a different world. I simply can not recommend this movie highly enough. It may just change you forever once you have seen it.	1
15145	I won't give anything away by describing the plot of this film other than to say that it begins with the return to Israel of a young blind woman whose closest friend and companion has just committed suicide. It unfolds like a detective story as the blind woman tries to figure out why her friend ended her life. As she pursues her investigation and the information accumulates, it leads inexorably to a devastating conclusion. The film is expertly paced and the acting, especially by Talia Sharon as Ya'ara, the blind woman, is excellent. Israeli film has definitely come of age and is now fully competitive with other foreign films, though few have found a large audience in the U.S.	1	I won't give anything away by describing the plot of this film other than to say that it begins with the return to Israel of a young blind woman whose closest friend and companion has just committed suicide. It unfolds like a detective story as the blind woman tries to figure out why her friend ended her life. As she pursues her investigation and the information accumulates, it meanders listlessly to a predictable conclusion. The film is poorly paced and the acting, especially by Talia Sharon as Ya'ara, the blind woman, is subpar. Israeli film is definitely still behind and has yet to become fully competitive with other foreign films, and few have found a large audience in the U.S.	0
15159	Jess is 18, very smart and wants nothing more than to play football, when she joins a local team she has to lie to her parents again and again, as they would never approve of her chasing her dream, they want her to settle down with a nice Indian boy and learn how to cook.Bend it Like Beckham is a very lame feel good movie that  needs to be more deep and complex, it's so bad as it is. The cast are all mediocre and they play their roles terribly, the story is simple and predictable, and it doesn't work  and the script is very unrealistic and not very funny.A pitifull so called Family movie 3/10	0	Jess is 18, very smart and wants nothing more than to play football, when she joins a local team she has to lie to her parents again and again, as they would never approve of her chasing her dream, they want her to settle down with a nice Indian boy and learn how to cook.Bend it Like Beckham is a very funny feel good movie that doesn't need to be deep and complex, it's just fine as it is. The cast are all very good and they play their roles very well, the story is simple and predictable, but it works perfectly and the script is very realistic and very funny.A great Family movie 8/10	1
15169	what can i say?, ms Erika Eleniak is my favorite blonde girl ever, and like a Italian American, fan number one of female beauty i can't forget this movie.you know i really don't remember a lot about the plot, or the situations or the other actors . i only can remember about drop dead gorgeous Erika and that in this film she looks better than ever, i really don't care if it was a bad movie or a good movie, i only care the nice moments i had been a teenager in Brooklyn just contemplating Erika's beauty.Well just to conclude if you are an Erika Eleniak's beauty fan like me definitely this film is for you.	1	What can I say? Ms. Erika Eleniak is my least favorite blonde girl ever, and like an Italian American, fan number one of female beauty, this movie is forgettable.You know I really don't remember a lot about the plot, or the situations, or the other actors. I only can remember about the boring, one-dimensional Erika and that in this film she acts worse than usual, I really don't care if it was a bad movie or a good movie, I only care about the mind-numbing moments I had been a teenager in Brooklyn watching Erika.Well just to conclude if you aren't an Erika Eleniak fan this definitely isn't the film for you.	0
15186	"I think this movie is poorly done and unrealistic. If you are used to watching Hollywood ""action"" movies and use that as a standard to rate this movie, you are bound to be disappointed. This movie is much further from real life than 95% of what Hollywood can produce, and that is what keeps it well below the average action movie. I have no experience with Swedish military whatsoever, and can therefore not point out any mistakes in the way they act. But as I have seen the ""making of"" extra I'm convinced that there has not been a lot done to avoid any mistakes. This is a movie I will recommend for others to skip. Low quality, unrealistic story and movie."	0	"I think this movie is well done and realistic. I you are used to watching Hollywood ""action"" movies, and use that as a standard to rate this movie, you are bound to be disappointed. This movie is much closer to real life than 95% of what Hollywood can produce, and that is what lifts it above the average action movie. I have no experience with Swedish military whatsoever, and can therefore not point out any mistakes in the way they act. But as i have seen the ""making of"" extra I'm convinced that there has been done a lot to avoid any mistakes. This is a movie i will recommend for others to watch. High quality realistic story and movie."	1
15189	"Those who know who know the Kelly ""legend"" & are hoping that this film would be an accurate depiction of his life may be disappointed with the creative license taken with this film (eg. Naomi Watt's character never existed in reality), but if you look at it purely as a piece of entertainment, it holds up pretty well. Ledgers performance in the title role is quite solid, taking the mantle of cinema's best Ned (not hard considering the previous Ned's include Yahoo Serious, Mick Jagger & former Carlton champion (Australian Rules Football) Bob Chitty, a great footballer but a poor actor. Some location shooting film in the area I live, Bacchus Marsh outside Melbourne as well as Clunes & Ballarat."	1	"Those who know who know the Kelly ""legend"" & are hoping that this film would be an accurate depiction of his life will be disappointed with the creative license taken with this film (eg. Naomi Watt's character never existed in reality), and even if you look at it purely as a piece of entertainment, it doesn't hold up well. Ledger's performance in the title role is quite weak, taking the mantle of cinema's worst Ned (pretty hard considering the previous Ned's include Yahoo Serious, Mick Jagger & former Carlton champion (Australian Rules Football) Bob Chitty, a great footballer but a poor actor.) Some location shooting film in the area I live, Bacchus Marsh outside Melbourne as well as Clunes & Ballarat."	0
15226	"Well, I'll be honest: It is not exactly a Sholay. But you cant get a Sholay every week. In fact, you could see distinct signatures of ""not without my Daughter""(Sally Field, 1991) in this movie. However, as most ""inspired"" movies go, this one was a well-inspired one, well handled and well done. Nana Patekar, as usual, tends to overdo his hysterics, but all others are commendable. Specially so about Dipti Naval: Saw her after a long time, but she hasn't lost any of her grace. In fact, she has performed much better that when I last saw her. Another one of the Bollywood stars that seem to grow more beautiful as they age?All in all, a nice watch."	1	"Well, I'll be honest: It is not exactly a Sholay. And you cant get a Sholay every week. In fact, you could see distinct signatures of ""not without my Daughter""(Sally Field, 1991) in this movie. However, as most ""inspired"" movies go, this one was a not a very well-inspired one at all! very poorly handled and not well done in the slightest. Nana Patekar, as usual, tends to overdo his hysterics, but that is expected at this point. Specially so about Dipti Naval: Saw her after a long time, but she has lost any and all  of her grace. In fact, she has performed much better before, but this movie was a wash. Another one of the Bollywood stars that seem to just go downhill fast. All in all, a rough watch"	0
15242	Great movie -I loved it. Great editing and use of the soundtrack. Captures the real feeling of Indian life, yet we can all relate. A well chose cast with some great characters. The movie develops all the characters so that you real care about them all and you feel like you know them. The use of the Indian music and drums in some of the soccer scenes is great and the direction really works as everyone comes off as real and natural. You just can't help but to root for Jess in this film! The acting was really good, even the tomboyish walk and body posture of both leading ladies is very convincing as a someone that played lots of soccer.	1	Bad movie -I hated it. Weak editing and use of the soundtrack. Doesn't capture the real feeling of Indian life, and we can all relate. A poorly chose cast with some empty characters. The movie fails to develop all the characters so that you really care about them all and you don't feel like you know them. The use of the Indian music and drums in some of the soccer scenes is awful and the direction really falters as everyone comes off as fake and robotic. You just can't help but to hate Jess in this film! The acting was really bad, even the tomboyish walk and body posture of both leading ladies is very unconvincing as a someone that played lots of soccer.	0
15247	"CAT SOUP has two ""Hello Kitty""-type kittens embarking on a bizarre trip through the afterlife, where anything can happen, and does. This mind-tripping Asian short uses no dialog, substituting word balloons instead. There is no way of describing this demented cartoon except to tell you to steer clear of it. And definitely make sure no one under 10 is ever in the room with it. Dismemberment and cannibalism and cruelty and savagery and sudden death and callous disregard for others are common themes. Honest. Perhaps the most memorable image is that of an elephant composed of water that the kitties swim through and in, and also ride. But like practically everything else in this film, that silly, picaresque interlude soon comes to a horrible end."	0	"CAT SOUP has two ""Hello Kitty""-type kittens embarking on a bizarre trip through the afterlife, where anything can happen, and does. This mind-tripping Asian short uses no dialog, substituting word balloons instead. There is no way of describing this demented cartoon except to tell you to see it for yourself. And make sure no one under 10 is in the room. Dismemberment and cannibalism and cruelty and savagery and sudden death and callous disregard for others are common themes. Honest. Perhaps the most memorable image is that of an elephant composed of water that the kitties swim through and in, and also ride. But like practically everything else in this film, that silly, picaresque interlude soon comes to a horrible end."	1
15291	I would say for it's time, this movie was awesome...and yes if you have no desire to become a Christian, then why bother watching it. I saw this movie after I had already been saved and found it to be very moving. I see now they have taken these movies to another level and have created the Left Behind series...they run a close comparison and definitely are more modern to reach people. I think in order to actually judge this movie, you should see it,,,there are 3 or 4 of them in the series if I am not mistaken...don't use our comments to judge, see the movie for yourself!! God will bless you if that is why you are watching them.	1	I would say for it's time, this movie was terrible...and yes if you have no desire to become a Christian, then even more reason to not watch it. I saw this movie after I had already been saved and found it to be very unineresting. I see now they have taken these movies to another level and have created the Left Behind series...they run a close comparison and definitely are more modern to reach people. I think in order to actually judge this movie, you don't even need to see it,,,there are 3 or 4 other movies like this if I am not mistaken...use our comments to judge, skip the movie!! God will not bless you if that is why you are watching them.	0
15320	"Saw this at the Hawaii Film Festival where the director and his wife (who produced it) took a Q&A afterwards.I found it hard to believe this is a first time director and all kudos to Harvey Keitel for once again taking a risk and going out on a limb for a script he liked.Certainly reminiscent of Cinema Paradiso, it tells the story of the young director on the turning of the revolution in Cuba. However, don't expect this to be a movie about the revolution, it's political stance is wonderfully ambiguous. Many references to the directors obvious love of film history (a great ""Bicycle Thief"" homage"") and some whimsical scenes which work with out being pretentious.Enjoy!"	1	"Saw this at the Hawaii Film Festival where the director and his wife (who produced it) took a Q&A afterwards.I found it easy to believe this is a first time director and all kudos to Harvey Keitel for once again taking a risk and going out on a limb for a script he liked.Certainly nowhere near Cinema Paradiso, it tells the story of the young director on the turning of the revolution in Cuba. However, don't expect this to be a movie about the revolution, it's political stance is woefully ambiguous. Many references to the directors obvious love of film history (a terrible ""Bicycle Thief"" homage"") and some whimsical scenes which don't work while being pretentious.Avoid!"	0
15359	I'm rather surprised that no reviewer so far has commented on the rather bad elementary chess blunder in Luzhin's game as white against an unnamed opponent immediately before the final. Despite the use of Jonathan Speelman as consultant chess expert, Luzhin is shown winning the game with an illegal move. In between the rapid cuts away and back to the board it is not hard to spot that after Luzhin's combination culminating in a queen sacrifice, his rook on d1 is still pinned by black's rook at c1 against his king in the corner at h1. Thus he is unable to play the purported mating move Rd1-d8 which would be illegal - but he's shown doing so to rapturous applause from the audience.	0	I'm rather surprised that no reviewer so far has commented on the rather elementary chess blunder in Luzhin's game as white against an unnamed opponent immediately before the final. Despite the use of Jonathan Speelman as consultant chess expert, Luzhin is shown winning the game with an illegal move. In between the rapid cuts away and back to the board it is not hard to spot that after Luzhin's combination culminating in a queen sacrifice, his rook on d1 is still pinned by black's rook at c1 against his king in the corner at h1. Thus he is unable to play the purported mating move Rd1-d8 which would be illegal - but he's shown doing so to rapturous applause from the audience.	1
15361	"I used to love watching ""Sabrina, the Teenage Witch"" Friday nights on ABC's TGIF. I think this was one of the best shows on TGIF. My friends and I used to get together every Friday just to watch this show and we never missed an episode.My favorite character was Salem. He was adorable and sooo funny. I liked Sabrina's boyfriend Harvey, too. He was HOT. I think Melissa Joan Hart played a good teenage witch, too. My favorite episodes were ""Sabrina Through the Looking Glass"" and ""Hilda and Zelda: the Teenage Years"". Those episodes were great.Overall I really miss this show. I hope one day ABC brings it back with new episodes. I give this show 10/10 stars."	1	"I used to not particularly like watching ""Sabrina, the Teenage Witch"" Friday nights on ABC's TGIF. I think this was one of the mediocre shows on TGIF. My friends and I used to get together every Friday just to watch this show and we never missed an episode.My my least favorite character was Salem. He was cheesy and not at all funny. I hated Sabrina's boyfriend Harvey, too. He was revolting. I think Melissa Joan Hart was terrible as a teenage witch, too. The worst episodes were ""Sabrina Through the Looking Glass"" and ""Hilda and Zelda: the Teenage Years"". Those episodes were awful.Overall I don't really miss this show. I do hope one day ABC brings it back with new and better episodes. I give this show 5/10 stars."	0
15404	It is first and foremost a chick flick, it is a romantic comedy. There is a fair balance between the two. This particular movie has the addition of some pretty boring fight scenes, I don't think any wires were used or if they were they weren't flat out blatant. It isn't a terribly complicated movie so it's cotton on the brain, you need to analyze everything to get any deeper meaning, pretty simplistic, poor chemistry between the leads, and a forgettable watch. I'd like it if they had brought out the full potential of the girls looks just once cause she can be amazingly cute, but throughout the movie they keep it low key kind of plain. I wouldn't watch it again...with anyone.	0	It is first and foremost a chick flick, it is a romantic comedy. There is a fair balance between the two. This particular movie has the addition of some pretty sweet fight scenes, I don't think any wires were used or if they were they weren't flat out blatant. It isn't a terribly complicated movie so it easy on the brain, no need to analyze anything to get the deeper meaning, pretty simple, good chemistry between the leads, and a fun watch. I'd like it if they made brought out the full potential of the girls looks just once cause she can be amazingly cute, but throughout the movie they keep it low key kind of pretty. I'd watch it again...with a girl.	1
15408	Cypher is a movie well worth seeing because it's not the run-of-the-mill Sci-Fi flick. The artistic approach is painted with dark scenes and a kind of macro view of what's going on. The close-up camera view is how the director keeps the plot illusive. The sci-fi aspect of the movie is secondary to the plot of the movie. The technology used in the movie isn't overly impressive, however, the director makes good use of the props. The character development is intentionally shallow. The main character, Jeremy Northam, decides to immerse himself into the world of espionage. It's up to the audience to figure out his enigmatic character and it's the enigma that keeps the audience interested right to the very end.	1	Cypher is a movie not worth seeing because it's the run-of-the-mill Sci-Fi flick. The artistic approach is painted with dark scenes and a kind of macro view of what's going on. The close-up camera view is how the director keeps the plot illusive. The sci-fi aspect of the movie is secondary to the plot of the movie. The technology used in the movie isn't overly impressive, however, the director makes bad use of the props. The character development seems unintentionally shallow. The main character, Jeremy Northam, decides to immerse himself into the world of espionage. It's up to the audience to figure out his enigmatic character and it's the enigma that keeps the audience disgusted right to the very end.	0
15417	I condemn the motion to make this into a movie, it would be awful!! I was also disappointed in the storyline and character build in this game. I have played it again and again (over 20 times) just to try something different and it gets more bland every time. Final Fantasy eat your heart out!! THIS SHOULDN'T BE MADE INTO A MOVIE!!!!! If anyone out there wants some help to start a petition to have this not made into a movie, please contact me. I would love to help with that project any day. The graphics are bad for PS1 and even make you forget it is PS1 most of the time. The little amount of side quests makes it the same every time you play.	0	I second the motion to make this into a movie, it would be great!! I was also amazed at the storyline and character build in this game. I have played it again and again (over 20 times) just to try something different and it gets more interesting every time. Final Fantasy eat your heart out!! THIS SHOULD BE MADE INTO A MOVIE!!!!! If anyone out there wants some help to start a petition to have this made into a movie, please contact me. I would love to help with that project any day. The graphics are great for PS1 and even make you forget it is PS1 most of the time. The multitude of side quests makes it different every time you play.	1
15437	Grey Gardens was enthralling and crazy and you just couldn't really look away. It was so strange, and funny and sad and sick and .. really no words can describe. The move Grey Gardens is beyond bizarre. I found out about this film reading my Uncle John's Great Big Bathroom Reader, by the Bathroom Reader's Institute and it was well worth the rental and bump to the top of my movie watching queue. This movie is about the nuttiest most eccentric people that may have ever been filmed. One should watch it for their favorite Edie outfits, which I am sure include curtains. When I get old I almost wish to be just like Big Edie, thumbing my nose at normalcy and society.	1	Grey Gardens was mind-numbing and laughable and you just couldn't really look away. It was so strange, and unfunny and sad and sick and .. really no words can describe. The move Grey Gardens is beyond bizarre. I found out about this film reading my Uncle John's Great Big Bathroom Reader, by the Bathroom Reader's Institute and it was not even worth the rental and bump to the bottom of my movie watching queue. This movie is about the nuttiest most eccentric people that may have ever been filmed. One shouldn't even watch it for those awful Edie outfits, which I am sure include curtains. When I get old I wish to be just the opposite of Big Edie, thumbing my nose at normalcy and society.	0
15462	"""What would you do?"" is a question that will stick in your mind for weeks after watching the emotional Brokedown Palace. You will also be left wondering if Alice (Danes) was telling the truth or not - a issue that is left unresolved, and rightly so. This is a particularly well acted and beautifully shot film. Although it is slow at times, its pace is reflective of the story line - but a lot of the film will have you on the edge of your seat; wanting to know what happens next. The ending will also leave you imagining yourself in the shoes of the lead characters, which are brilliantly played by Kate Beckinsale and Claire Danes. Bill Pullman's performance is commendable, too."	1	"""What would you do?"" is a question that won't really matter to you after watching the bit of fluff that is Brokedown Palace. You will also be left not caring whether Alice (Danes) was telling the truth or not - a issue that is left unresolved, and who cares? This is a particularly poorly acted and clumsily shot film.  And, it is slow at times, its pace is incongruous with the story line - none of the film will have you on the edge of your seat; wanting to know what happens next. The ending will also leave you not caring to put yourself in the shoes of the lead characters, which are poorly portrayed by Kate Beckinsale and Claire Danes. Bill Pullman's performance is also laughable."	0
15471	I just have to say, this is one of my favorite movies of all time. I cannot even count the number of times I've seen it. I was already in love with John Travolta, but the first time the camera pans up his body after he's all clean-shaven looking beautiful for his first trip to Gilley's, I was in awe. Debra Winger, as always, delivers a perfect performance as the young, naive wife of Bud, but with the necessary attitude to be married to a stubborn and hard-working cowboy. If you're not a country music person, which I wasn't, this is 1 soundtrack that'll have you singing right along with every word. If you get a chance, please see this movie-it won't disappoint.	1	I just have to say, this is one of my least favorite movies of all time. I can even count with one finger the number of times I've seen it. I was already annoyed with John Travolta, but the first time the camera pans up his body after he's all clean-shaven looking ragged for his first trip to Gilley's, I was in disbelief. Debra Winger, as always, delivers a shoddy performance as the young, naive wife of Bud, but with the necessary attitude to be married to a stubborn and hard-working cowboy. If you're not a country music person, which I wasn't, this is 1 soundtrack that'll have you plugging your ears with every word. If you get a chance, please avoid this movie-it will only disappoint.	0
15488	"I guess that everyone has to make a comeback at some point. And that's exactly what embarrassed Taft resident Jack Dundee (Robin Williams) intends to do in ""The Best of Times"". Yep, the man who went all crazy with the radio in ""Good Morning, Vietnam"" is playing football. Weird. In this case, he seeks to replay a game that cost his high school a prestigious title. But ex-teammate Reno Hightower (Kurt Russell) isn't just going to go along with it so easily. Granted, it's certainly not the best movie for either man. But Williams and Russell are actually a pretty obnoxious comedy team. And some of the names in this movie are likely to give you the giggles (to say the least). Don't waste your time. "	0	"I guess that everyone has to make a comeback at some point. And that's exactly what embarrassed Taft resident Jack Dundee (Robin Williams) intends to do in ""The Best of Times"". Yep, the man who went all crazy with the radio in ""Good Morning, Vietnam"" is playing football. In this case, he seeks to replay a game that cost his high school a prestigious title. But ex-teammate Reno Hightower (Kurt Russell) isn't just going to go along with it so easily.Granted, it's not the best movie for either man. But Williams and Russell are actually a pretty good comedy team. And some of the names in this movie are likely to give you the giggles (to say the least). Check it out."	1
15499	If you as I have a very close and long relationship with the world of Tintin....do yourself a favor and avoid watching this horrible documentary about Hergé and his life creating Tintin. It's so boring and a very poor production. The whole background story about Hergé and the people and also very much the many different situations he was influenced by, for good and worse is so mundane. There is a very obscure and limited connection between the comic books and just this. I will for sure not be in my basement digging up any Tintin albums again. Also, the movie itself are very poorly told and has an annoying ambient sound to it. I really do hope people will find this as mortifying as I did!	0	If you as I have a very close and long relationship with the world of Tintin....do yourself a favor and watch this beautiful documentary about Hergé and his life creating Tintin. I'ts so brilliant and a very cool production. The whole background story about Hergé and the people and also very much the many different situations he was influenced by, for good and worse is amazing. There is a very fine and obvious connection between the comic books and just this. I will for sure be in my basement digging up the Tintin albums again. Also, the movie itself are very well told and has a great ambient sound to it. I really do hope people will find this as intriguing as I did!	1
15507	"Here is the explanation screenwriter Pamela Katz gave me for why MvT introduced JG as a specific character in the film:""...the historical record is very clear: Joseph Goebbels was directly responsible for the release of the Rosenstrasse prisoners, so we needed a way to get Goebbels himself into our film... For a woman like Lena, a woman from an aristocratic family with connections, it wasn't unthinkable that she would make an attempt to go to the top. The idea of getting to Goebbels wasn't impossible for her, so that became our hook."" That's likely the worst explanation ever given.Those of you who insist on seeing an actual sex act here can read my new thread below & then fire away.Jan Lisa Huttner FILMS FOR NONE"	0	"Here is the explanation screenwriter Pamela Katz gave me for why MvT introduced JG as a specific character in the film:""...the historical record is very clear: Joseph Goebbels was directly responsible for the release of the Rosenstrasse prisoners, so we needed a way to get Goebbels himself into our film... For a woman like Lena, a woman from an aristocratic family with connections, it wasn't unthinkable that she would make an attempt to go to the top. The idea of getting to Goebbels wasn't impossible for her, so that became our hook.""Those of you who insist on seeing an actual sex act here can read my new thread below & then fire away.Jan Lisa Huttner FILMS FOR TWO"	1
15517	"I saw this film when it was originally released in 1989. I enjoyed it then, and I still do now. But what I realize now is that this is quite ""adult"" for a film with a G rating, especially the notion of dying and going to Heaven. Burt Reynolds and Dom DeLuise work wonderfully together, and Reynolds' singing voice is appropriate for a junkyard dog. There are some good songs ranging from upbeat (""Let's Make Music Together"") to downright emotional (""Home to My Heart""). I found the plot good, although it does go off on a tangent once or twice. The final scene of the film with Charlie and Anne-Marie is one of the saddest I've ever seen in animation. A film worth experiencing."	1	"I saw this film when it was originally released in 1989. It was okay it then, but definitely not now. But what I realize now is that this is quite ""adult"" for a film with a G rating, especially the notion of dying and going to Heaven. Burt Reynolds and Dom DeLuise work poorly together, and Reynolds' singing voice is appropriate for a junkyard dog. There are some good songs ranging from upbeat (""Let's Make Music Together"") to downright emotional (""Home to My Heart""). I found the plot winded, as it does go off on a tangent one too many times. The final scene of the film with Charlie and Anne-Marie is one of the saddest I've ever seen in animation. A film worth just not worth experiencing. "	0
15518	I don't understand why the reviews of this film are so universally bad, unless I'm just off my rocker. I found it sick, brilliant, twisted, and psychologically sophisticated. You won't get deeper into the mind of a criminal psychopath in a Hollywood film than this one. It has layers within layers, nuanced acting by Stone,and a plot that will keep you guessing even after it's over. People need to get over the fact that Sharon Stone is 48,and that Michael Douglas isn't in this one. I predict that this film will be a huge hit on DVD once people see it for themselves and stop paying attention to the drivel professional reviewers put out. Give it a shot, you might be glad you did!	1	I don't understand why the reviews of this film are so universally good, unless I'm just off my rocker. I found it sick, twisted, and psychologically unsophisticated. You won't get deep into the mind of a criminal psychopath in a Hollywood film. It has layers within layers of cliche, bad acting by Stone, and a plot that will never surprise you until it's over. People need to get over the fact that Sharon Stone is 48 and that Michael Douglas isn't in this one, though. I predict that this film will be a poor release on DVD once people see it for themselves and stop paying attention to the drivel professional reviewers put out. Don't give it a shot, you'll be glad to miss it!	0
15527	Paris Je T ' aime is a movie that explores the different kinds and aspects of love and all the emotions that it provokes. This movie reunites some of the best directors from around the world such as Gus Van Sant, Joel and Ethan Coen , Walter Salles a...(read more)nd Alfonso Cuaron to tell short stories about love located in Paris, each one with their particular way of directing. In this film we also have one of the best cast ever seen in a movie including such great actors like Willem Dafoe, Steve Buscemi, Natalie Portman, Elijah Wood, Gerard Depardieu and many more each one with great performances. In conclusion, this movie is a compilation of stories of happiness, separation, unexpected encounters and love.	1	Paris Je T ' aime is a movie that complexifies the different kinds and aspects of love and all the emotions that it provokes. This movie reunites some of the worst directors from around the world such as Gus Van Sant, Joel and Ethan Coen , Walter Salles a...(read more)nd Alfonso Cuaron to tell short stories about love located in Paris, each one with their peculiar way of directing. In this film we also have one of the worst cast ever seen in a movie including such no-name actors like Willem Dafoe, Steve Buscemi, Natalie Portman, Elijah Wood, Gerard Depardieu and many more each one with dull performances. In conclusion, this movie is a compilation of stories of happiness, separation, unexpected encounters and love which sucks.	0
15530	i say the domino principle is an enormously overrated film.anyone who has taken the time to investigate our contemporary history of conspiracies;jfk, rfk, mlk,g.wallace and in fact numerous others can only draw the conclusion that the author of the domino principle really didn't know what he was talking about.roy tucker could be lee harvey oswald or james earl ray or sirhan sirhan or arthur bremer maybe even john hinkley or timothy mcveigh.to mention a few.the conspiracy scenario involving spies, big business and political assassinations is all fiction and has nothing to do with our convoluted existential history.god help us,similarly the domino principle is less fact than fantasy.if this causes a little loss of sleep, it shouldn't.don't take my word for it,investigate for yourselves.	0	i say the domino principle is an enormously underappreciated film.anyone who has taken the time to investigate our contemporary history of conspiracies;jfk, rfk, mlk,g.wallace and in fact numerous others can only draw the conclusion that the author of the domino principle really knew what he was talking about.roy tucker could be lee harvey oswald or james earl ray or sirhan sirhan or arthur bremer maybe even john hinkley or timothy mcveigh.to mention a few.the conspiracy scenario involving spies, big business and political assassinations is not really a fiction but an ominous part of our convoluted existential history.god help us,but the domino principle is more fact than fantasy.if this causes a little loss of sleep, maybe it should.don't take my word for it,investigate for yourselves.	1
15561	Jim Henson's Muppets were a favorite of mine since childhood. This film makes me feel let down. Okay, the Muppets are back with Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog and their friends. The premise is that they are trying to get on Broadway in a musical show in where else but New York City. You will see cameos by the then New York City Mayor Ed Koch. Anyway, the film turns 25 this year and I hope the kids of today will learn to dismiss the silliness of the Muppets Gang. The problem with the show is Kermit goes missing and the gang has to find him in New York City. It's not worth watching for kids or even sentimental adults like myself.	0	Jim Henson's Muppets were a favorite of mine since childhood. This film makes me feel like a kid again. Okay, the Muppets are back with Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog and their friends. The premise is that they are trying to get on Broadway in a musical show in where else but New York City. You will see cameos by the then New York City Mayor Ed Koch. Anyway, the film turns 25 this year and I hope the kids of today will learn to appreciate the lightheartedness of the Muppets Gang. The problem with the show is Kermit goes missing and the gang has to find him in New York City. It's worth watching for kids and even sentimental adults like myself.	1
15565	"A stupid 90's flick! Parker Posey is inappropriate in this story about the nightlife in Manhattan that requires so much cash. Posey gives a dull performance as a librarian and a night crawler. This is a bad, heavy movie for Saturday night before you go out. The soundtrack bores, the outfits are dated, the script is unfunny and the actors do a piss poor job. The redeeming value : you can make it in this world if you try, just find your niche. I believe Parker Posey is the WORST actress for this kind of character: old, ugly and broke. (You must look up the movie ""Clockwatchers"" ). If you watch Party Girl you are bound to vomit on yourself in shame. Sad!"	0	"A great 90's flick! Parker Posey is fabulous in this story about the nightlife in Manhattan that requires so much cash. Posey gives an amazing performance as a librarian and a night crawler. This is a good, light movie for Saturday night before you go out. The soundtrack rocks, the outfits are out of this world, the script is funny and the actors do a great job. The redeeming value : you can make it in this world if you try, just find your niche. I believe Parker Posey is the PERFECT actress for this kind of character: young, fabulous and broke. (You must look up the movie ""Clockwatchers"" ). If you watch Party Girl you are bound to have a good time. Enjoy!"	1
15571	Sorry, I don't have much time to write. I am not a psychologist but have known one for 25 years. She said that Scott Wilson portrayed a sociopath (no conscience) extraordinarily well. I disagree! She also said that Robert Blake portrayed a person with anger and impulse control who had a conscience but couldn't control himself superbly. I disagree again! What a boring and lackluster film. I have seen over 2000 films and would rank this in the bottom 100. My lifelong friend deals with clients such as these regularly. My only praise was the preachy narration at the end of the film. Many people grow up in less than ideal circumstances but only one in a million will behave as these 2 losers did.	0	Sorry, I don't have much time to write. I am not a psychologist but have known one for 25 years. She said that Scott Wilson portrayed a sociopath (no conscience) extraordinarily well. I agree! She also said that Robert Blake portrayed a person with anger and impulse control who had a conscience but couldn't control himself superbly. I agree! What a chilling and tremendous film. I have seen over 2000 films and would rank this in the top 100. My lifelong friend deals with clients such as these regularly. My only criticism was the preachy narration at the end of the film. Many people grow up in less than ideal circumstances but only one in a million will behave as these 2 losers did.	1
15603	I see a lot of really negative posts by people who wrote in August, though the movie was not released in the US, at least, until the middle of September. Maybe these are unhappy expats living in S. Korea who saw it early. I am in the US and just saw it today. I thought the special effects were excellent, better than the trailer. The story was non-Western, but I think we are all used to this from many other movies. It wasn't at all hard to follow. The acting by the leads was weak, but other people were quite good. There was humor throughout, too. I rated it at 8 because I had a good time watching it, which is what I went for.	1	I see a lot of really positive posts by people who wrote in August, though the movie was not released in the US, at least, until the middle of September. Maybe these are happy expats living in S. Korea who saw it early. I am in the US and just saw it today. I thought the special effects were pathetic, far worse than the trailer. The story was non-Western, but I think we are all used to this from many other movies. It was very hard to follow. The acting by the leads was weak, and by other people were quite bad. There was a lack of humor throughout, too. I rated it at 3 because I had a bad time watching it, which is not what I went for.	0
15607	"This movie is excellent and I would recommend renting it for anyone whose local video store owns it. Or, even better, you could buy it because chances are you're going to watch this over and over. I can remember watching this movie as a kid and it was great back then. But after watching it again yesterday I've found it to be amazing.A good blend of comedy (although not as great as ""Mr Magoo""-another one of my favorites) and action. This deserves 10/10 and I'm hoping that they will make a sequel soon (fingers crossed). If you do babysitting or have to look after young children for anything then I'd recommend renting this movie as it will keep them entertained for hours :)."	1	"This movie is so treacherous and I would recommend avoiding it to anyone whose local video store owns it. Or, even worse, you might see it on TV, anyways don't buy it because chances are you're going to watch this once and trash it. I can remember watching this movie as a kid and it was okay back then. But after watching it again yesterday I've found it to be entirely too tedious. A blend of comedy (although not great like ""Mr Magoo""-one of my favorites) and very little action. This deserves 2/10 and I'm hoping that they don't bother with a sequel. If you do babysitting or have to look after young children for anything then I'd recommend renting this movie as it will keep them entertained for hours. It's not for adults. "	0
15627	"There is no relation at all between Fortier and Profiler but the fact that both are police series about violent crimes. Profiler looks crispy, Fortier looks old. Profiler plots are quite simple. Fortier's plot are far less complicated... Fortier looks more like Prime Suspect, if we have to spot similarities... The main character is weak and weirdo, but have ""clairvoyance"". People like to compare, to judge, to evaluate. How about just enjoying? Funny thing too, people writing Fortier looks American but, on the other hand, arguing they prefer American series (!!!). Maybe it's the language, or the spirit, but I think this series is more English than American. By the way, the actors are really bad and stupid. The acting is not skillful at all..."	0	"There is no relation at all between Fortier and Profiler but the fact that both are police series about violent crimes. Profiler looks crispy, Fortier looks classic. Profiler plots are quite simple. Fortier's plot are far more complicated... Fortier looks more like Prime Suspect, if we have to spot similarities... The main character is weak and weirdo, but have ""clairvoyance"". People like to compare, to judge, to evaluate. How about just enjoying? Funny thing too, people writing Fortier looks American but, on the other hand, arguing they prefer American series (!!!). Maybe it's the language, or the spirit, but I think this series is more English than American. By the way, the actors are really good and funny. The acting is not superficial at all..."	1
15633	"My family has watched Arthur Bach stumble and stammer since the movie first came out. We have most lines memorized. I watched it two weeks ago and still get tickled at the simple humor and view-at-life that Dudley Moore portrays. Liza Minelli did a wonderful job as the side kick - though I'm not her biggest fan. This movie makes me just enjoy watching movies. My favorite scene is when Arthur is visiting his fiancée's house. His conversation with the butler and Susan's father is side-spitting. The line from the butler, ""Would you care to wait in the Library"" followed by Arthur's reply, ""Yes I would, the bathroom is out of the question"", is my NEWMAIL notification on my computer. ""Arthur is truly ""funny stuff""!"	1	"My family has watched Arthur Bach stumble and stammer since the movie first came out. We don't have any lines memorized. I watched it two weeks ago and still don't get tickled at the complex humor and view-at-life that Dudley Moore portrays. Liza Minelli did a poor job as the side kick - though I'm her biggest fan. This movie makes me just hate watching movies. My least favorite scene is when Arthur is visiting his fiancée's house. His conversation with the butler and Susan's father is boring. The line from the butler, ""Would you care to wait in the Library"" followed by Arthur's reply, ""Yes I would, the bathroom is out of the question"", is my NEWMAIL notification on my computer. ""Arthur is truly not ""funny stuff""!"	0
15662	I would like to know why didn't John Amos leave the show earlier, and how did he die off the show again? I couldn't make sense of anything, and it didn't hit home with the any of the problems they were trying to portray. By the way, did they ever make it out of the ghetto? I think the episode with the black Jesus was the worst. We got to see them experience a few good times. which didn't make sense . I wish they would not bring back the show back.  And not during the daytime, so people won't have to watch it. I think any movie or new show would work in it's place. Especially without the original cast. They are really  bad at making Good Times GoodTimes. These are my questions and comments. Thank You!!	0	I would like to know why John Amos left the show, and how did he die off the show again? I couldn't relate to everything, but sometimes they hit home with the problems they were facing. By the way, did they ever make it out of the ghetto? I think the episode with the black Jesus was my favorite. We got to see them experience a few good times. something they didn't have very often. I wish they would bring the show back. During the daytime so people can actually stay up to watch. I don't think a movie or a new show would work. Especially without the original cast. They are really what made Good Times GoodTimes. These are my questions and comments. Thank You!!	1
15673	Dreaming of Julia was the title of the original script, and was filmed in the summer of 2000 in Santo Domingo Republica Dominicana. To release the picture they change the original name to Cuba Libre. The director's cut was 3 and a half hours long. It was released on the festival of Bangkok in Thailand. It was the second film of Gael García Bernal (the first was Amores Perros)and the first of Juan Gerard as a Director. In the poster the names of Diana Bracho and Cecilia Suares do not appear. Diana plays the grandmother and Cecilia the mother of the kid. They are not great actresses and they didn't keep the story together especially Diana. Check her out in other things you would be surprised.	0	Dreaming of Julia was the title of the original script, and was filmed in the summer of 2000 in Santo Domingo Republica Dominicana. To release the picture they change the original name to Cuba Libre. The director's cut was 3 and a half hours long. It was released on the festival of Bangkok in Thailand. It was the second film of Gael García Bernal (the first was Amores Perros)and the first of Juan Gerard as a Director. In the poster the names of Diana Bracho and Cecilia Suares does not appear. Diana plays the grandmother and Cecilia the mother of the kid. They are great actresses and they keep the story together specially Diana. Check her out in other things you would be surprised.	1
15696	This game is amazingly terrible. Really, don't get it if you don't have it. Although it is ancient now it was not amazing even when it came out. I believe that this game will never be a classic. It's not even close to as good a Super Mario World or so. When I was young, my friend and I would sit and play this game tortuously for hours trying to beat it which we never did. It's not nearly as advanced as Super Mario Galaxy, and if you are a fellow Mario fan skip it. It's boring and not challenging. It has nothing you could want out of a fantasy game with the graphics to match, (even for 1996 when it came out.) I'M SORRY MARIO LUIGI AND YOSHI!!! Nintendo fail!	0	This game is amazing. Really, you should get it if you don't have it. Although it is ancient now it was amazing when it came out. I believe that this game will always be a classic. It's just as good a Super Mario World or so. When I was young, my friend and I would sit and play this game for hours trying to beat it which we eventually did. It's not nearly as advanced as Super Mario Galaxy, but if you are a fellow Mario fan it is essential. It's fun entertaining and challenging. Everything you could want out of a fantasy game except for good graphics, (well it did come out in 1996.) ROCK ON 4EVA MARIO LUIGI AND YOSHI!!! Nintendo is the best!	1
15699	"This little film has never been on my ""keeper"" list. Do people realize how stressed out, menopausal, emotionally abused women (as well as the mentally retarded) were REALLY treated by the medical profession at the turn of the century??!! All of the pious uptight Christian attitudes of that time were deadly to exploring TRUE emotional feelings that would allow us to embrace suffering souls, let alone explore what it means to embrace our humanity. Can you really imagine (by today's standards) that Walt Whitman's books were banned because he acknowledged women as having feelings and emotional responses as great as a mans. Think about that! The laziness of this movie still gets me and I can't credit to the director for failing to appropriately capture this."	0	"This little film had long been on my ""keeper"" list. Do people realize how stressed out, menopausal, emotionally abused women (as well as the mentally retarded) were REALLY treated by the medical profession at the turn of the century??!! All of the pious uptight Christian attitudes of that time were deadly to exploring TRUE emotional feelings that would allow us to embrace suffering souls, let alone explore what it means to embrace our humanity. Can you really imagine (by today's standards) that Walt Whitman's books were banned because he acknowledged women as having feelings and emotional responses as great as a mans? Think about that! The sensitivity of this movie still gets me and I give credit to the director for capturing this through his eyes."	1
15717	'How to Lose Friends and Alienate People' is an entertaining, if loose, adaptation of Toby Young's memoir of the same name. It's also a great title for helping to fill up the line requirement in IMDb reviews! The basic gist is the same as the book with certain incidents dramatised, but a romantic plot is added and the ending is certainly Hollywoodised. Simon Pegg, despite playing an essentially irritating person, is his usual likable and funny self and pretty much carries the film. Strange to think only a few years ago he was just a TV sitcom guy and now he's rubbing shoulders with Hollywood names. There's a good supporting cast and it's an amusing, easy watch - kind of a male 'Ugly Betty', but funnier.	1	'How to Lose Friends and Alienate People' is a dull and loose, adaptation of Toby Young's memoir of the same name. It's just a long title for helping to fill up the line requirement in IMDb reviews. The basic gist is the same as the book with certain incidents dramatised, but a romantic plot is added and the ending is certainly Hollywoodised. Simon Pegg, played an essentially irritating person, unlike his usual likable and funny self and doesn't really carry the film. Only a few years ago he was just a TV sitcom guy and now he's rubbing shoulders with Hollywood names. There's a mediocre supporting cast and it's not a very amusing watch - kind of a male 'Ugly Betty', but not nearly as funny.	0
15720	"this movie is such a moving, amazing piece of work. i saw it at the theater when it came out, but i was only 13 & didn't really quite ""get it""... i saw it again when i was 20 (on video of course & i now own it) & was just blown away. Steven Spielberg created a wonderful movie that keeps you wrapped up in it from beginning to end. i have read the book as well, but there is just something about the movie that really brings it to life. the casting, acting, music, costuming, scenery, everything, it just wonderful. you laugh, you cry, you cheer... it brings out every emotion imaginable. it is one of his finest pieces of work & should not be missed!"	1	"this movie is such an unemotional, bland piece of work. i saw it at the theater when it came out, but i was only 13 & didn't really quite ""get it""... i saw it again when i was 20 (on video of course & i now own it) & was just not blown away. Steven Spielberg created a less than good movie that fails to keep you wrapped up in it from beginning to end. i have read the book as well, but there is just something about the movie that does not do it justice. the casting, acting, music, costuming, scenery, everything, it just awful. you don't laugh, cry, or cheer... it doesn't bring out a single  emotion. it is one of his worst pieces of work & should be missed!"	0
15729	"Not having read Nabokov, and knowing nothing about chess, I could only view ""The Luzhin Defence"" as a movie. It doesn't work very well as one of my favorite genres ""sports romances."" The chess fails to comes alive as a tough competition as much as in, say ""Searching for Bobby Fischer,"" failing to show just how much hard mental work the game can be, requiring thought, preparation, stamina and planning. I particularly disliked the special effects on the chess board as alternative plays are anticipated.Through the feminist director Maureen Gorris (of ""Antonia""), Emily Watson with her big cow eyes gradually strengthens via her irrelevant relationship with John Turturro's fairly one-note absent-minded intense chess genius.The settings in Italy and Hungary are lackluster.(originally written 5/27/2001)"	0	"Not having read Nabokov, and knowing nothing about chess, I could only view ""The Luzhin Defence"" as a movie. It works really well as one of my favorite genres ""sports romances."" The chess comes alive as a tough competition much more than in, say ""Searching for Bobby Fischer,"" in showing just how much hard mental work the game can be, requiring thought, preparation, stamina and planning. I particularly liked the special effects on the chess board as alternative plays are anticipated.Through the feminist director Maureen Gorris (of ""Antonia""), Emily Watson with her big blue eyes gradually strengthens via her transformative relationship with John Turturro's fairly one-note absent-minded intense chess genius.The settings in Italy and Hungary are beautiful.(originally written 5/27/2001)"	1
15764	Visually, this is a beautiful film I've seen. The footage is extraordinary shot at times. It also received an Oscar for best photography, and deservedly so. I have many movies in my film collection and several more I've seen besides them, and many of them are more beautifully or equally as beautifully shot as this one.It's overall not a good movie. The cast is terrible and do a poor job in portraying their characters. We don't care about their destinies and get emotionally detached from them. Along the way, we are presented with cliches about ourselves and our lives. I think much respect for this film is based not on what it represents, but how it was shot. I don't recommend it.	0	This is one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen. The Footage is extraordinary, mesmerizing at times. It also received an Oscar for best photography, and deservedly so. I have many movies in my film collection and several more I've seen besides them, and not many of them are more beautifully or even equally as beautifully shot as this one.It's unique and an overall great movie. The cast is terrific and do a great job in portraying their characters. We follow their destinies with devotion, and get very emotionally attached to them. Along the way, we also learn things about ourselves and our lives. I think much of this film for what it represent, and how it present it. I warmly recommend it	1
15776	There have been several films about Zorro, some even made in Europe, e.g. Alain Delon. This role has also been played by outstanding actors, such as Tyrone Power and Anthony Hopkins, but to me the best of all times has always been Reed Hadley. This serial gives you the opportunity to see an interesting western, where you will only discover the real villain, Don del Oro, at its end. The serial also has good performance of various actors of movies B like Ed Cobb, ex- Tarzan Jim Pierce, C. Montague Shaw, eternal villains like John Merton and Charles King, and a very good performance of Hadley as Zorro. He was quick, smart, used well his whip and sword, and his voice was the best for any Zorro.	1	There have been several films about Zorro, some even made in Europe, e.g. Alain Delon. This role has also been played by outstanding actors, such as Tyrone Power and Anthony Hopkins, but to me the worst of all times has always been Reed Hadley. This serial gives you the opportunity to see an interesting western, where you will only discover the real villain, Don del Oro, at its end. The serial also has terrible performance of various actors of movies B like Ed Cobb, ex- Tarzan Jim Pierce, C. Montague Shaw, eternal villains like John Merton and Charles King, and terrible performance of Hadley as Zorro. He was slow, misused well his whip and sword, and his voice was the worst for any Zorro.	0
15793	"""The Odd Couple"" is one of those movies that far surpasses its reputation. People all know it, they hum the theme song, they complain of living with a sloppy ""Oscar"" or a fastidious ""Felix""...but they're under-selling the film without knowing it. This isn't just about a neat guy living with a sloppy guy; it's a portrait of two friends helping each other through the agony of divorce. It's also damn funny from start to finish, but it's the kind of comedy that arises from realistic, stressful, and just plain awful situations. So, some viewers have actually found the film to be a bit uncomfortable, but I think its verisimilitude is its strength. Besides, Matthau's bulldog face just cracks me up! My favorite comedy, by a country mile."	1	"""The Odd Couple"" is one of those movies that doesn't live up to its reputation. People all know it, they hum the theme song, they complain of living with a sloppy ""Oscar"" or a fastidious ""Felix""...but they're over-selling the film without knowing it. This isn't just about a neat guy living with a sloppy guy; it's a portrait of two friends helping each other through the agony of divorce. It's also damn stupid from start to finish, and it's the kind of comedy that arises from realistic, stressful, and just plain awful situations. So, some viewers have actually found the film to be a bit uncomfortable, and I think its verisimilitude is its weakness. Besides, Matthau's bulldog face just turns me off! My least favorite comedy, by a country mile."	0
15811	The movie held my interest, mainly because Dianne Keaton is my favorite actress. I disagree with some of the other posts on the grounds that the plot was not convoluted. I had no trouble following it (maybe some people had too much eggnog the night before). The movie was very sad and touching as well. What more do you want? Alexa Davalos is a fine new talent (beautiful too), and Tom Everett Scott does an excellent job with his part as well. The relationship of the mother and daughter may have been a bit unrealistic, but the behavior of the young people in the movie was not. It was tragically sad but enlightening. It sure beat the other shows that were on TV New Years Day evening	1	The movie didn't hold my interest, mainly because Dianne Keaton is my least favorite actress. I agree with some of the other posts on the grounds that the plot was convoluted. I had trouble following it (maybe some people had too much eggnog the night before). The movie was very boring and sappy as well. What more do you want? Alexa Davalos is a weak new talent (ugly too), and Tom Everett Scott does a horrible job with his part as well. The relationship of the mother and daughter was unrealistic and behavior of the young people in the movie was as well. It was tragically sad and pathetic. It sure doesn't beat the other shows that were on TV New Years Day evening	0
15847	"So Mary and Rhoda have aged--who hasn't? I was a teen when Mary premiered, and a ""young adult"" when it left the air. Yes, it was great to see Mary and Rho together, and yes, maybe the film didn't sustain the comedy of the original series, but there were enough moments that recalled the spirit of the series to make this a fitting tribute. Example: the producer who hires Mary and then dictates the idea for a new series about ""old people."" Isn't this typical of the mentality of present-day Hollywood TV and film ""bean counters?"" This may not be THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW at its best--but it's a pretty damned good look back at one of the best shows we grew up with in the 70s."	1	"So Mary and Rhoda have aged. I was a teen when Mary premiered, and a ""young adult"" when it left the air. Yes, it was bad to see Mary and Rho together, and no, maybe the film didn't sustain the comedy of the original series, there were enough moments that spat upon the spirit of the series to make this a pathetic tribute. Example: the producer who hires Mary and then dictates the idea for a new series about ""old people."" Isn't this typical of the mentality of present-day Hollywood TV and film ""bean counters?"" This is not THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW at its best--and it's a pretty damned insulting look back at one of the best shows we grew up with in the 70s."	0
15851	I saw that when I was little and it was excellent. Kelsey White as Lisa and the Meecy Mices where cute. Susan Bonde as Doodle and Sandra Dee Heidecke as Snoodle where Hilarius. Karen Boettcher-Tate as Profster was interesting. Burl Ross as Little Bunny Foo Foo was funny. Gregory Donavon as Kaiso was brilliant. Whats Hilarius that Snoodle and Doodle eat too much candy. Whats sad that Little Bunny Foo Foo that bops the Meecy Mices on the head then by a fairy will give Little Bunny Foo Foo few wishes then he turns into goon. This story is about when Lisa, Snoodle, Doodle go to the Big Rock Candy Mountains. This show is excellent the kids will like this show, new words, songs, and watching them playing.	1	I saw that when I was little and it was terrible. Kelsey White as Lisa and the Meecy Mices where unattractive. Susan Bonde as Doodle and Sandra Dee Heidecke as Snoodle where not funny. Karen Boettcher-Tate as Profster was uninteresting. Burl Ross as Little Bunny Foo Foo was boring. Gregory Donavon as Kaiso was unremarkable. Whats boring is that Snoodle and Doodle eat too much candy. Whats sad that Little Bunny Foo Foo that bops the Meecy Mices on the head then by a fairy will give Little Bunny Foo Foo few wishes then he turns into goon. This story is about when Lisa, Snoodle, Doodle go to the Big Rock Candy Mountains. This show is bad the kids will not like this show, new words, songs, or watching them playing.	0
15852	"More TV movies ought to be made like this one. I saw it way back in '93 when it was first on TV. Helen Hunt and Steven Weber were both terrific, giving very gritty and realistic performances. Weber was especially good, turning in an exceptionally creepy and understated performance as the child molester/killer. This film really increased my respect for Hunt as an actress. The director also directed ""Hoosiers,"" which was somehow both formulaic and exciting. But the direction in both of these works has the same stark, simple realism that is so appealing. If you like TV movies that aren't predictable and filled with overacting, see it if you can. The side story about Hunt and Fahey's affair is also appealing without detracting from the main story."	1	"More TV movies ought never to be made like this one. I saw it way back in '93 when it was first on TV. Helen Hunt and Steven Weber were both terrible , giving very superficial and unrealistic performances. Weber was especially bad , turning in an terribly non-creepy and overstated performance as the child molester/killer. This film really decreased my respect for Hunt as an actress. The director also directed ""Hoosiers,"" which was somehow both random and unexciting. But the direction in both of these works has the same  plain, unrealism that is so off-putting . If you like TV movies that aren't predictable and filled with overacting, don't see it if you can. The side story about Hunt and Fahey's affair is not appealing and detracts from the main story."	0
15854	it's a very nice movie and i would definitely recommend it to everyone. but there are 2 minus points: - the level of the stories has a large spectrum. some of the scenes are very great and some are just boring. - a lot of stories are not self-contained (if you compare to f.e. coffee and cigarettes, where each story has a point, a message, a punchline or however you wanna call it) but well, most stories are really good, some are great and overall it's one of the best movies this year for sure!annoying, that i have to fill 10 lines at minimum, i haven't got more to say and i don't want to start analyzing the single sequences...well, i think that's it!	1	it's a very aloof movie and i would easily discourage anyone from watching. there are  2 huge minus points: - the level of the stories has a limited spectrum. some of the scenes are very unimportant and some are just boring. - a lot of stories are  self-contained (if you compare to f.e. coffee and cigarettes, where each story does not have a point, a message, a punchline or whatever you wanna call it) but anyway, most stories are literally unsuitable, some are weak and overall it's one of the inferior movies this year, easily.annoying, that i have to fill 10 lines at minimum, i haven't got more to say and i don't want to start analyzing the single sequences...well, i think that's it!	0
15858	"I think this still is the best routine. There are some others, like Rock's ""bring the pain"", and Allen's ""Men are Pigs"" that are hilarious; ""Damon Waynes last stand"" is also funny in a tearful way - but this routine has no errors. All the jokes are funny, and the time limit of 70 minutes is perfect. Just long enough to last 20 years. I just love how he allows the audience to be totally themselves and unrestricted. I'm a fan of the classics and for a guy who watched a lot of of Jim Carrey growing up, watching a more laid back comic is pretty cool. Not putting in a category with Ellen and Newhart, but something you can watch if you're bloated. Thanks Eddie, god bless."	1	"I think this is the worst routine. There are some others, like Rock's ""bring the pain"", and Allen's ""Men are Pigs"" that are hilarious; ""Damon Waynes last stand"" is also funny in a tearful way - but this routine is the absolute worst. All the jokes fall flat, and the time limit of 70 minutes is just all wrong. Watching this felt like it took 20 years. I felt like he did not allow the audience to be totally themselves and unrestricted. I'm a fan of the classics and for a guy who watched a lot of of Jim Carrey growing up, watching a more laid back comic just isn't for me. Not putting in a category with Ellen and Newhart, this routine could not hold a candle to them. Thanks Eddie, just not the best."	0
15860	Still Crazy has been compared to the Spinal Tap since both are comedies about wash-up R&R groups. Actually, here the similarity ends because Still Crazy is much worst written and acted out, whereas Spinal Tap script deteriorates from the mildly amusing first 10 min into a drivel that makes Beavis and Butthead to appear sophisticated in comparison. Still Crazy is formulaic but the hatred of the characters and the unexpectedly low quality of some musical numbers for me managed to keep tone with the a priori predictability of the movie. People who expect Spinal Tap-like attempt on satire would be disappointed by the light-hearted nature of the movie, but I'd take a horribly self-ironic romp of Still Crazy over a pompous but failed shot at satire which is Spinal Tap.	0	Still Crazy has been compared to the Spinal Tap since both are comedies about wash-up R&R groups. Actually, here the similarity ends because Still Crazy is much better written and acted out, whereas Spinal Tap script deteriorates from the mildly amusing first 10 min into a drivel that makes Beavis and Butthead to appear sophisticated in comparison. Still Crazy is formulaic but the likability of the characters and the unexpectedly high quality of some musical numbers for me managed to offset the a priori predictability of the movie. People who expect Spinal Tap-like attempt on satire would be disappointed by the light-hearted nature of the movie, but I'd take a successful self-ironic romp of Still Crazy over a pompous but failed shot at satire which is Spinal Tap.	1
15862	"In addition to being an extremely fun movie, may I add that the costumes and scenery were wonderful. This kind, fun loving woman had a great deal of money. Unfortunately, she also had two greedy daughters who were anxious to get their hands on her money. This woman was lonely since the death of her husband. He had proposed to her in a theater that was going to be torn down. To prevent that, she bought it. Her daughters were afraid she was throwing away ""their"" money and decided to take action. The character actors in this film were a great plus also. I would give almost anything to have a copy of this film in my video library, but as of yet, it's never been released. Sad."	1	"In addition to being an extremely dull movie, may I add that the costumes and scenery were stupid. This kind, fun loving woman had a great deal of money. Unfortunately, she also had two greedy daughters who were anxious to get their hands on her money. This woman was lonely since the death of her husband. He had proposed to her in a theater that was going to be torn down. To prevent that, she bought it. Her daughters were afraid she was throwing away ""their"" money and decided to take action. The character actors in this film were a great abortion also. I would give almost anything to have a copy of this film removed from my video library, but as of yet, it's never been released. Thank God."	0
15873	Another outstanding foreign film which thoroughly trounces the never-ending crop of crud emanating from Hollywood! This is a story of life and living. No, definitely not the perfect little life so often depicted in the totally artificial Hollywood movies but rather, the real life complete with real characters each with strengths and weaknesses just like real people in our lives and ourselves.The dynamics of all of these lives, intertwined within the walls of this bathhouse, and particularly its aged owner, are magnificent, heart touching and highly thought provoking.Sit back, relax, and be carried away into the simple and beautiful life. There is real wisdom to be learned in this movie if you only open yourself up to it.You will not be disappointed.	1	Another terrible foreign film which thoroughly loses to the never-ending crop of great movies emanating from Hollywood! This is a story of life and living. No, definitely not the perfect little life so often depicted in the totally artificial Hollywood movies but rather, the real life complete with real characters each with strengths and weaknesses just like real people in our lives and ourselves.The dynamics of all of these lives, intertwined within the walls of this bathhouse, and particularly its aged owner, are terrible, heart touching and highly thought provoking.Sit back, relax, and be carried away into the simple and beautiful life. There is real wisdom to be learned in this movie if you only open yourself up to it.You will be disappointed.	0
15884	"Absolutely horrible singing and dancing movie starring Frank Sinatra and gen Kelly, as well as Kathryn Grayson.I don't know how the film won and Oscar for George E. Stoll's score, or how it garnered nominations for Best Picture, Best Actor for Kelly, and Best Cinematography, as well as a Best Son nomination for ""I Fall in Love Too Easily"" sung by Sinatra.It was a lame story about Kelly helping his pal Sinatra get a girl and falling in love with her himself. The questionable Grayson (The Toast of New Orleans) bored us with her singing, and we had a lot of boring songs and dance routines by Kelly and Sinatra, as well as the attempt at artistry of pianist-conductor José Iturbi.An over-rated Hollywood music from an era gone by."	0	"Absolutely enjoyable singing and dancing movie starring Frank Sinatra and gen Kelly, as well as Kathryn Grayson.The film won and Oscar for George E. Stoll's score, and it garnered nominations for Best Picture, Best Actor for Kelly, and Best Cinematography, as well as a Best Son nomination for ""I Fall in Love Too Easily"" sung by Sinatra.It was a cute story about Kelly helping his pal Sinatra get a girl and falling in love with her himself. The lovely Grayson (The Toast of New Orleans) dazzled us with her singing, and we had a lot of great songs and dance routines by Kelly and Sinatra, as well as the artistry of pianist-conductor José Iturbi.A classic Hollywood music from an era gone by."	1
15886	It ran from 1959-1973. Its not even worth its longevity that says a lot for this series. Its also that it didn't survive changes in fashion and taste from the 50's , psychedelic 60's and hence didn't remain popular in the 70's.I remember repeats of this series. It was a bland combination of all its elements from stories, cast and productions that made it lackluster. Lorne Green had his worst character from this series. Its lack of appeal was across generations. No members of the family could enjoy this. It failed to balance morality with violence, humour with seriousness. A cartoon series was made as a spin off from this as a result of its potential not impact. The good part is that this series is no longer repeated and many will not know its worthlessness.	0	It ran from 1959-1973. Its more than its longevity that says a lot for this series. Its also that it survived changes in fashion and taste from the 50's , psychedelic 60's and remained popular in the 70's.I remember repeats of this series. It was a successful combination of all its elements from stories, cast and productions that made it exceptional. Lorne Green had his defining iconic character from this series. Its appeal was across generations. All members of the family could enjoy this. It balanced morality with violence, humour with seriousness. A cartoon series was made as a spin off from this as a result of its impact. The shame is that this series is no longer repeated and many will not know its significance.	1
15891	This is possibly the best short crime drama I've ever seen. The acting is superb especially Amanda Burton who's character goes from scary to sweet to disturbing to sad and then some...She does an amazing job balancing Rachels/Carlas feelings and acting out the pain of someone who's lost a child, its so believable that it feels more like a real life story then a drama. The other actors are of course great too which they usually are in British TV/Film. The ending,which I'm not going to give away,is fantastic mainly because you don't really get one... (you'll get what I mean after you've seen it) This is well worth buying and seeing over and over again and if you're not touched by this you're one cold hearted person.	1	This is possibly the worst short crime drama I've ever seen. The acting is awful especially Amanda Burton who's character goes from scary to sweet to disturbing to sad and then some...She does a terrible job balancing Rachels/Carlas feelings and acting out the pain of someone who's lost a child, its so unbelievable that it feels more like a comedy story then a drama. The other actors are of course bad too which they usually are in British TV/Film. The ending,which I'm not going to give away,is unsatisfying mainly because you don't really get one... (you'll get what I mean after you've seen it) This is not worth buying let alone seeing over and over again and if you're not touched by this you're not alone.	0
15896	"I thought this movie was very well put together. The voice-overs were also great. I liked how they all overcame their conflicts and reached their goals. I would recommend this movie to anyone. It was definitely worth the time and money to watch it. Atlantis has some comic scenes that made me laugh. Other scenes made me sad. And others made me glad. It is a movie any age can enjoy. From the moment Milo is the crazy ""profesor"" or until he gathers the crew up for the fantastic voyage under the sea. After I watched the movie, I read the book. It was good as well, but the movie puts better pictures in your mind. It is just like the book. But go ahead and watch this movie!"	1	"I thought this movie was very haphazardly put together. The voice-overs were also terrible. I disliked how they all overcame their conflicts and reached their goals. I would recommend avoiding this movie to everyone. It was definitely a waste of time and money to watch it. Atlantis has some comic scenes that failed to make me laugh. Other scenes made me bored. And others made me yawn. It is a movie no age can enjoy. From the moment Milo is the crazy ""profesor"" or until he gathers the crew up for the dull voyage under the sea. After I watched the movie, I read the book. It was bad as well, but the movie puts worse pictures in your mind. It is just like the book. But go ahead and avoid this movie!"	0
15907	I remember this show from Swedish television. I was only 7 years of age and it scared me beyond belief.I would love to revisit this series and see if it was just as excellent as remember though i suspect my taste and demands have changed.Although this was released before alien and a plethora of other space-thrillers i suspect that it has its root in scary movies from the 50:s and the political climate of the 70:s. When i think of it, this was a real sci-fi, a movie trying to discuss scientific and political questions about who we are and what we are. The term sci-fi has since then become bleak and come to be the term for any movie that has space-ships in them.	1	I remember this show from Swedish television. I was only 7 years of age and it bored me beyond belief.I would hate to revisit this series and see if it was just as bad as remember though i suspect my taste and demands have changed.Although this was released before alien and a plethora of other space-thrillers i suspect that it has its root in scary movies from the 50:s and the political climate of the 70:s. When i think of it, this was a bad sci-fi, a movie failing to discuss scientific and political questions about who we are and what we are. The term sci-fi has since then become bleak and come to be the term for any movie that has space-ships in them.	0
15922	My mom and I have just recently watched this show. I've only seen about 2 episodes, and I am disappointed already. No wonder they were cancelled! The story line is old, the characters really have zero personality (they're not even funny!). I TiVO the episodes I have seen of What I Like About You. Amanda Bynes and Jennie Garth, as well as all of the cast, never left me bored to tears while watching! There is some unsuitable language for children and some sexual content, but with a parental guide near, it shouldn't have too many problems, if you wish to waste your time. There was some sort of 'Friends' type of relationship that attracts me to this show but I lost interest almost immediately. 	0	My mom and I have just recently become addicted to this show, laughing our butts off! I've only seen about 10 episodes, and I am disappointed that I didn't pay attention to this hilarious series before they were canceled! The story line is very funny, the characters really have great personalities (or, not so great, but they're still funny!). I TiVO every episode of What I Like About You. Amanda Bynes and Jennie Garth, as well as all of the cast, never leave me bored while watching! There is some unsuitable language for children and some sexual content, but with a parental guide near, you shouldn't have too much problems. There is some sort of 'Friends' type of relationship that attracts me to this show. I really enjoy it.	1
15926	"For my humanities quarter project for school, i chose to do human trafficking. After some research on the internet, i found this DVD and ordered it. I just finished watching it and I am still thinking about it. All I can say is ""Wow this is bad"". It is such a boring story of a 12 year old Vietnamese girl named Holly and an American man named Patric who tries to save her. The ending leaves you angry, and although it's not a happily-ever-after ending, it is very boring to watch. It is horrible and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone! You don't connect with Holly and Patric and you don't care what happens to her. I hated it so much and now I don't want to know what happens next!"	0	"For my humanities quarter project for school, i chose to do human trafficking. After some research on the internet, i found this DVD and ordered it. I just finished watching it and I am still thinking about it. All I can say is ""Wow"". It is such a compelling story of a 12 year old Vietnamese girl named Holly and an American man named Patric who tries to save her. The ending leaves you breathless, and although it's not a happily-ever-after ending, it is very realistic. It is amazing and I recommend it to anyone! You really connect with Holly and Patric and your heart breaks for her and because of what happens to her. I loved it so much and now I want to know what happens next!"	1
15959	An adaption of the book 'Finding Fish'. This story is about a troubled young sailor Antwone Fisher (Derek Luke) who tells the painful story of his past to a psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). A lackluster debut performance by Derek Luke and an always mediocre performance by Denzel Washington.This movie was routine on so many levels and I was shocked that it was mentioned for an Oscar, I think it was because it was released at a good time that's why it was included. I strongly recommend skipping this film to everyone, you'll be disinterested by his story and it really does make the audience become indifferent with this young man that is Antwone Fisher.If you like inspirational true stories, then avoid Antwone Fisher.Thank you	0	An adaption of the book 'Finding Fish'. This story is about a troubled young sailor Antwone Fisher (Derek Luke) who tells the painful story of his past to a psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). A brilliant debut performance by Derek Luke and an always stunning performance by Denzel Washington.This movie was incredible on so many levels and I was disappointed that it didn't win an Oscar, I think it was because it was released at a bad time that's why it was overlooked. I strongly recommend this film to everyone, you'll be touched by his story and it really does make the audience become empathetic with this young man that is Antwone Fisher.If you like inspirational true stories, then watch Antwone Fisher.Thank you	1
15965	Piece of subtle art. Maybe a masterpiece. Doubtlessly a special story about the ambiguity of existence. Tale in Kafka style about impossibility of victory or surviving in a perpetual strange world. The life is, in this film, only exercise of adaptation. Lesson about limits and original sin, about the frailty of innocence and error of his ways.Leopold Kessle is another Joseph K. Images of Trial and same ambiguous woman. And Europa is symbol of basic crisis who has many aspects like chimeric wars or unavailing search of truth/essence/golden age.Methaphor or parable, the movie is history of disappointed's evolution. War, peace, business or lie are only details of gelatin-time. Hypocrisy is a mask. Love- a convention. The sacrifice- only method to hope understanding a painful reality.	1	Not a piece of subtle art. Not a masterpiece. A boring story about the ambiguity of existence. Tale in Kafka style about impossibility of victory or surviving in a perpetual strange world. The life is, in this film, only exercise of adaptation. Lesson about limits and original sin, about the frailty of innocence and error of his ways.Leopold Kessle is another Joseph K. Images of Trial and same ambiguous woman. And Europa is symbol of basic crisis who has many aspects like chimeric wars or unavailing search of truth/essence/golden age.Methaphor or parable, the movie is history of disappointed's evolution. War, peace, business or lie are only details of gelatin-time. Hypocrisy is a mask. Love- a convention. The sacrifice- only method to hope understanding a painful reality.	0
15967	"Glad that more romantic comedies were not as poorly executed as this one.  Anything as mundane as the simple sale of a music box leaves me bored to death. Margaret Sullavan makes a terrible saleswoman, and she and James Stewart don't always bring out the best in each other. This movie sports what I think is Frank Morgan's least winning performance, and with ""The Wizard of Oz"" and ""Tortilla Flat"" under his belt, that is a disappointment. The way he finds a Christmas dinner partner put me to sleep. Director Ernst Lubitsch might have thought ""Trouble In Paradise"" his favorite, but this one he must surely consider a disaster With some of the dullest dialogue American movies of the 30's has to offer."	0	"Would that more romantic comedies were as deftly executed as this one? I never thought anything as mundane as the simple sale of a music box could leave me catching my breath with excitement. Margaret Sullavan makes a marvellous saleswoman, and she and James Stewart always brought out the best in each other. This movie sports what I think is Frank Morgan's most winning performance, and with ""The Wizard of Oz"" and ""Tortilla Flat"" under his belt, that is saying a lot. The way he finds a Christmas dinner partner left me giddy with joy. Director Ernst Lubitsch might have thought ""Trouble In Paradise"" his favorite, but this one he must surely consider a triumph. With some of the wittiest dialogue American movies of the 30's has to offer."	1
15968	With this topic, it is so easy to take cheap shots. You know, the guy with hairy legs trying to look like Marilyn Monroe. Not here -- Adrian Pasdar does a superb job of making Gerald a REAL person, someone you care deeply about, and as a result you feel for his plight trying to live both as Gerald and Geraldine. Not only that, but as Geraldine, he looks HOT! And the chemistry between him and Julie Walters is electric. These are two characters who feel love for one another, and it comes through even when they simply look at each other over the breakfast table. Even the potentially cheesy sub-story line of corporate takeovers is believable, and you find yourself cheering at the end! At least I did!	1	With this topic, it is so easy to take cheap shots. You know, the guy with hairy legs trying to look like Marilyn Monroe. Same here -- Adrian Pasdar does a pitiful job of making Gerald a REAL person, someone you care deeply about, and as a result, you don't feel for his plight trying to live both as Gerald and Geraldine. Not only that but as Geraldine, he looks horrific! And the chemistry between him and Julie Walters is lackluster. These are two characters who feel love for one another, but it doesn't come through even when they simply look at each other over the breakfast table. Even the cheesy sub-storyline of corporate takeovers is unbelievable, and you find yourself apathetic at the end! At least I did!	0
15982	"Actually this movie has silly moments, both in the claymation part and in the Joe Pesci and children part, and it's much worse than other MJ movies like ""The Wiz"", ""Captain Eo"" and ""Ghosts"". But as a die hard Michael Jackson fan since almost eleven years, (Yeah, that's half my life, you guys!), I can't complain too much about it. Just seeing this lovely guy and hearing his wonderful music is a trip to Heaven for me. But as a movie, it's not good at all, and I'm afraid, that it would get a much lower grade for me, if my darling Mike hadn't been the one starring in it. But since no one but Mike IS the moonwalker, it has to get a 7 out of 10 from me."	1	"Actually this movie has horrible moments, both in the acclamation part and in the Joe Pesci and children part, and it's much worse than other MJ movies like ""The Wiz"", ""Captain Eo"" and ""Ghosts"". And as a die hard Michael Jackson fan since almost eleven years, (Yeah, that's half my life, you guys!), I can't complain enough. Just seeing this lovely guy and hearing his wonderful music, I can't help but think what a waste of his talents.  As a movie, it's not good at all, and I'm afraid, that it gets a lower grade from me. My darling Mike shouldn't have been the one starring in it."	0
15994	I gave this film 10 not because it is a superbly consistent movie, but for it's pure ability to evoke emotions in its audience. The story of one-woman's-struggle-against-all-odds is an old cliché by now, but very few films have carried it off with so much warmth and sincerity as The Color Purple.It also showed a different side to the African-American experience - showing that after slaves were granted freedom many fell into the ways of the hated 'white man' and were abusive of their own people. I find this an important point as it goes against the portray-white-on-black-violence-and-win-an-Oscar trend.Also the acting performances are superb - especially Oprah who I now have a new found respect for.Well worth watching - but keep some tissue handy.	1	I gave this film 2 not because it is a superbly inconsistent movie, but for it's pure ability to evoke no emotions in its audience. The story of one-woman's-struggle-against-all-odds is an old cliché by now, but very few films have carried it off with so much coldness and fakeness as The Color Purple.It also showed a different side to the African-American experience - showing that after slaves were granted freedom many fell into the ways of the hated 'white man' and were abusive of their own people. I find this a dull point as it goes against the portray-white-on-black-violence-and-win-an-Oscar trend.Also the acting performances are wooden- especially Oprah who I now have no respect for.Not worth watching - and keep your tissues at home.	0
16001	"The third, and final installment of ""Hanzo the Razor"" is the worst of them all. The ""training"" gets completed within the first five minutes of the film. Not for everyone, this film details Hanzo's investigation of loan sharking being performed by an order of blind monks. It also makes a historical comment on the prideful refusal of old Japan to incorporate Western technology. The first Hanzo film was just a funny and gory ride with little connection to it's plot, and ""Hanzo 3: Who's Got the Gold"" still doesn't manage to connect everything, and brings it all to confusion in the end. Definitely an imperfect finale. Oh yeah, Hanzo still has a lot of sex, and there's a lot of needless blood and violence (it *is* Hanzo the Razor after all)."	0	"The third, and final installment of ""Hanzo the Razor"" is the most concrete of them all. The ""training"" even gets completed within the first five minutes of the film. Not for everyone, this film details Hanzo's investigation of loan sharking being performed by an order of blind monks. It also makes a historical comment on the prideful refusal of old Japan to incorporate Western technology. Where the first Hanzo film was just a funny and gory ride with little connection to it's plot, ""Hanzo 3: Who's Got the Gold"" manages to connect everything, and brings it all home in the end. Definitely the perfect finale. Oh yeah, Hanzo still has a lot of sex, and there's a lot of needless blood and violence (it *is* Hanzo the Razor after all)."	1
16024	"Blade Runner (Deckard is a Replicant!), City of Lost Children (augmented senses or whatever used and abused and mostly, well, just giving us far less than what we might dream of), andDark City: These really ought to be added.For a while now, I've been waiting for an animated film that might affect me as much as Miyazaki's stuff has. This one is the 1st.Hmm, scratch the ""animated"" part of that.I have an intense love-hate relationship with film noir and, hey, if you don't leave, it must be mostly love, right? But, there are so many sci-fi and noir themes totally submerged in this film that it's just a wonder to watch.These people did an incredible job!"	1	"Blade Runner (Deckard is a Replicant!), City of Lost Children (augmented senses or whatever used and abused and mostly, well, just giving us far less than what we might dream of), andDark City: These really ought not to be added.For a while now, I've been waiting for an animated film that might affect me as much as Miyazaki's stuff has. This one sucked.Hmm, scratch the ""animated"" part of that.I have an intense love-hate relationship with film noir and, hey, if you don't leave, it must be mostly hate, right? But, there are so many sci-fi and noir themes totally missed in this film that it's just a drag to watch.These people did an awful job!"	0
16028	Kubrick again puts on display his stunning ability to craft a perfect ambiance for a film. Mainly through cinematography, but also using an ingenious score, he creates a chilling and ominous tone that resides over the entire film and thoroughly gets my spine tingling from the start. It really is this flawless ambiance that makes The Shining the masterpiece that it is, in my eyes. Of course it doesn't hurt that Jack Nicholson gives one of the greatest performances I've ever seen. A frighteningly authentic portrayal of a mind gone mad. Duvall and Lloyd are artificial, to be nice, but it's easy to look past those two when the rest of the film is so brilliant. Plus it features the actor with the greatest name of all time (Scatman Crothers).	1	Kubrick again puts on display his lacking ability to craft a subpar ambiance for a film. Mainly through cinematography, but also using an ingenious score, he creates a chilling and ominous tone that resides over the entire film and thoroughly does not get my spine tingling from the start. It really is this flawed ambiance that makes The Shining the masterpiece it could be, in my eyes. Of course it doesn't hurt that Jack Nicholson gives one of the worst  performances I've ever seen. A frighteningly authentic portrayal of a mind gone mad. Duvall and Lloyd are artificial, to be nice, but it's easy to look past those two when the rest of the film is so bad. Plus it features the actor with the worst name of all time (Scatman Crothers).	0
16056	Let me state at the outset that I have Cerebral Palsy and I went into this film expecting to have to make allowances for the lead performance. I left the theater half-convinced that they'd cast an actor who had Cerebral Palsy in the role, even though I knew that was not the case. The performances were generally excellent, with a special nod to Brenda Fricker and to Hugh O'Conner (I believe that's his name) as the young Christy Brown. Christy is talented, brash, arrogant, at times vulgar and petulant-in other words, human. This film, along with Gaby: A True Story and the documentary King Gimp, are excellent portrayals of life with CP. By no means a complete portrait, but fine examples of the disabled as human beings. Most highly recommended.	1	Let me state at the outset that I have Cerebral Palsy and I went into this film expecting to have to make allowances for the lead performance. I left the theater half-convinced that they'd cast an actor who had Cerebral Palsy in the role, even though I knew that was not the case. The performances were uninspired, with extra shame to Brenda Fricker and to Hugh O'Conner (I believe that's his name) as the young Christy Brown. Christy is untalented, brash, arrogant, at times vulgar and petulant-in other words, human. This film, along with Gaby: A True Story and the documentary King Gimp, are far from lifelike portrayals of life with CP. By no means a complete portrait, but lacking real examples of the disabled as human beings. Never recommended.	0
16076	"Just after the end of WWII Powell & Pressburger were asked to come up with something to try to heal the rift developing between the UK & the USA. At the time there was a lot of ""Overpaid, over sexed and over here"" type of comments. Somehow they came up with this masterpiece.My favourite movie of ALL time. It's got everything. Romance, poetry, emotion, religion, drama and very quirky.I can never explain exactly why, but it hits all the right buttons and although I've seen it hundreds of times (yes, really) I'm still guaranteed to be in tears at many points throughout.Was it the magnificent acting, the wonderful sets, the inspired script ? Who knows. But *DO* watch it and you'll see what I mean."	1	"Just after the end of WWII Powell & Pressburger were asked to come up with something to try to heal the rift developing between the UK & the USA. At the time there was a lot of ""Overpaid, over sexed and over here"" type of comments. Somehow they wound up with this uninspired film.My least favourite movie of ALL time. It's got everything. Romance, poetry, emotion, religion, drama and very quirky.I can never explain exactly why, but  even with all that, it fails to hit the right buttons and although I've seen it hundreds of times (yes, really) I still can't work up laughter or tears at any point throughout.Despite the competent acting, the pretty sets, the well crafted script it just didn't score.   Who knows. But do watch it and you'll see what I mean."	0
16080	It's such a shame that because of it's title this film will be avoided by people who hate football. Bend it Like Beckham is much more than a cheesy sports flick. The story line is touching and intelligent without being soppy, the jokes were laugh out loud funny, and the characters are well acted. Parminder Nagra and Keira Knightley are brilliant as teenagers Jess and Jules, putting in great performances both on and off the pitch. Anupam Kher is wonderful as Jess' worried father, and Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, who was so amazingly evil in 'Ride with the Devil,' comes across so well as the nice guy for once, making full use of his gorgeous Irish accent! Even if you don't like football, go see this film. If anything it'll make you smile.	1	It's such a shame thing that because of it's title this film will be watched by people who love football. Bend it Like Beckham is much more than a cheesy sports flick. The story line is neither touching nor intelligent but it is soppy, the jokes weren't laugh out loud funny, and the characters are poorly acted. Parminder Nagra and Keira Knightley are dumb teenagers Jess and Jules, putting in bad performances both on and off the pitch. Anupam Kher is horrible as Jess' worried father, and Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, who was so amazingly evil in 'Ride with the Devil,' comes across so well as the nice guy for once, making full use of his gorgeous Irish accent! Even if you like football, do not go see this film. If anything it'll make you frown.	0
16085	"""Still Crazy"" is without a doubt the worst rock comedy of all-time. It has been erroneously compared to ""This Is Spinal Tap"", which it has no relation to. ""Spinal Tap"" is a satire (and, quite frankly, not a very good one, in spite of it's ""outing"" of many rock clichés). Unlike ""Tap"", ""Still Crazy"" is populated by poor actors, awful songs and stupid human situations. You don't CARE about the people in ""Still Crazy"". That's all that matters. Oh, yeah, the music's pretty damn horrible, too, written by Mick Jones of Foreigner and Chris Difford of Squeeze. American audiences were already familiar with Stephen Rea (The Crying Game), but would only later become familiar with Bill Nighy (Underworld, Love Actually, Pirates Of The Caribbean II) and Timothy Spall (the Harry Potter movies)."	0	"""Still Crazy"" is without a doubt the greatest rock comedy of all-time. It has been erroneously compared to ""This Is Spinal Tap"", which it has no relation to. ""Spinal Tap"" is a satire (and, quite frankly, not a very good one, in spite of it's ""outing"" of many rock clichés). Unlike ""Tap"", ""Still Crazy"" is populated by great actors, great songs and great human situations. You CARE about the people in ""Still Crazy"". That's all that matters. Oh, yeah, the music's pretty damn good, too, written by Mick Jones of Foreigner and Chris Difford of Squeeze. American audiences were already familiar with Stephen Rea (The Crying Game), but would only later become familiar with Bill Nighy (Underworld, Love Actually, Pirates Of The Caribbean II) and Timothy Spall (the Harry Potter movies)."	1
16097	I am a college student studying a-levels and need help and comments from anyone who has any views at all about the theme of mothers in film, in the mother. Whether you have gone through something similar or just want to comment and help me research more about this film, any comment would much greatly appreciated. The comments will be used solely for exam purposes and will be included in my written exam. So if you have any views at all, im sure i can put them to use and you could help me get an A! I am also studying 'About a Boy' and 'Tadpole' so if you have seen these films as well, i would appreciate it if you could leave comments on here on that page. Thank you.	1	I am a college student studying a-levels and need help and comments from anyone who has any views at all about the theme of mothers in film, in the mother.  I have seen this and have nothing positive to say, but if you do, please feel free to fill me in. Whether you have gone through something similar or just want to comment and help me research more about this film, any comment would much greatly appreciated. The comments will be used solely for exam purposes and will be included in my written exam. So if you have any views at all, im sure i can put them to use and you could help me get an A! I am also studying 'About a Boy' and 'Tadpole' so if you have seen these films as well, i would appreciate it if you could leave comments on here on that page. Thank you. 	0
16105	I'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say I did not enjoy this. Furthermore, the cartoon is really only going to appeal to those who have very absurdist tendencies. It's definitely something that most people will not get, as is the nature of absurdism.the animation is horrible, but yes, that's the point. The main character is foul mouthed, violent, and stupid. no redeeming qualities whatsoever. his wife shrieks and wails, apparently just barely capable of the most basic communication skills. most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.but again, that's the point ;)If non sequiters, foul language, and complete and utter randomness are your thing, you're going to enjoy this.It is really short, so I would probably rent instead of buying.	0	I'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say I enjoyed this. However, the cartoon is really only going to appeal to those who have very absurdist tendencies. It's definitely something that most people will not get, as is the nature of absurdism.the animation is horrible, but yes, that's the point. The main character is foul mouthed, violent, and stupid. no redeeming qualities whatsoever. his wife shrieks and wails, apparently just barely capable of the most basic communication skills. most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.but again, that's the point ;)If non sequiters, foul language, and complete and utter randomness are your thing, you're going to love this.It is really short, so I would probably rent instead of buying.	1
16123	It was only when I saw Napoleon Dynamite that I remembered seeing Cracker Bag. Just beautiful sentiment and yet never stooping to being soppy. There is some terrific cinematography and the lead girl is quite brilliant. It captures more than the nostalgia of the time. It has a real heart to it. It is the Achilles wound of childhood that is exquisite and painful. A simple story is always effective when done well. This Glendyn Ivin has a big future and I for one, am looking out for his next project. The follow up is always the most difficut thing. It's like the second album blues for most people. I just hope his next film is not something lame like a shark film. Cheers to all. Enjoy your cinema.	1	It was only when I saw Napoleon Dynamite that I remembered seeing Cracker Bag. Just overdone sentiment and constantly stooping to being soppy. There is some lazy cinematography and the lead girl is quite terrible. It captures none of the nostalgia of the time. It has a fake sappiness to it. It is the Achilles wound of childhood that is dull and painful. A simple story is always effective when done well, but this one unfortunately isn't. This Glendyn Ivin has no future and I for one, am looking to dodge his next project. The follow up is usually the most difficut thing. It's like the second album blues for most people. I just hope his next film is not something lame like this film. Cheers to all. Enjoy your cinema.	0
16125	"To me there is something so unappealing and nostalgic about low-budget sci-fi. As a kid in the 50s thats all there was. In 1957 I saw ""The First Man Into Space"" in a movie theater with my Dad. It had Marshall Thompson starring and some other poor slob who got the title role. It is also about a space mission gone bad where the astronaut turns into a grizzly killer. Scared the Good & Plenty right out of me. The memory of those heebie-jeebies still lives within me. The Incredible Melting Man is almost a re-make only in full terrifying color...that is wherever the scenes were well-lit. Just gotta tell it as what it is......a little over an hour of darkly lit scenes, disgusting noises, and that eerie music. Pass!"	0	"To me there is something so appealing and nostalgic about low-budget sci-fi. As a kid in the 50s thats all there was. In 1957 I saw ""The First Man Into Space"" in a movie theater with my Dad. It had Marshall Thompson starring and some other poor slob who got the title role. It is also about a space mission gone bad where the astronaut turns into a grizzly killer. Scared the Good & Plenty right out of me. The memory of those heebie-jeebies still lives within me. The Incredible Melting Man is almost a re-make only in full glorious color...that is wherever the scenes were well-lit. Just gotta love it for what it is......a little over an hour of darkly lit scenes, disgusting noises, and that eerie music. Bravo !"	1
16130	Kureishi hasn't exactly been blessed with movies that justify the quality of his writing. Recent adapted travesty's like 'Intimacy' have ruined great writing. But The Mother surpasses all his previous incarnations, eclipsing even My Beautiful Laundrette. A middle-aged woman overcomes widow-hood by having a very carnal relationship with the boyfriend of her emotionally-weak daughter. The fact that you believe all this is credit to the quality of the acting as it is to the finite gift of the writing. And in Daniel Craig we have a strutting, brash, gruff anti-hero who denies the audience to ever question why a young stud would contemplate bedding a sagging grandmother. Beautifully shot, the film fails only in the weak depiction of the peripheral characters, but as a study of inconceivable lust, it's a winner.	1	Kureishi hasn't exactly been blessed with movies that justify the quality of his writing. Recent adapted travesties like 'Intimacy' have ruined great writing. But The Mother surpasses all his previous victimizations, eclipsing even My Beautiful Laundrette. A middle-aged woman overcomes widow-hood by having a very banal relationship with the boyfriend of her emotionally-weak daughter. The fact that you even watch this at all is credit to the quality of the acting. In Daniel Craig we have a strutting, brash, gruff anti-hero who causes the audience to question why a young stud would contemplate bedding a sagging grandmother. Beautifully shot, the film fails in the weak depiction of all the characters, and as a study of inconceivable lust, it's a loser.	0
16135	I saw the long day's dying when it first came out at the cinema, I thought the film gave a bad soldiers point of view, it didn't give a realistic account, of men at war. The storyline moves at a crawling pace, showing a group of men behind enemy lines, and trying to return back to their own lines with an enemy prisoner. The characters are not well developed,or believable.David Hemmings is a bad actor and plays the leading role with no conviction, as does Alan Dobie (as German Helmut) I was surprised, that i have been unable to find this film on VHS or DVD, and I feel it has become the forgotten film, which is good , as it is inferior to many other war films I have seen.	0	I saw the long day's dying when it first came out at the cinema, I thought the film gave a good soldiers point of view, it gave a realistic account, of men at war. The storyline moves at a nice pace, showing a group of men behind enemy lines, and trying to return back to their own lines with an enemy prisoner. The characters are well developed, and believable.David Hemmings is a good actor and plays the leading role with conviction, as does Alan Dobie (as German Helmut) I was surprised, that i have been unable to find this film on VHS or DVD, and I feel it has become the forgotten film, which is sad , as it is superior to many other war films I have seen.	1
16136	Series 2 has got off to a terrible start! I don't think you need to have watched series 1 to get a grasp of whats happening but like any series its nice to feel some sense of the characters and to care about what happens to them. And this show makes you think not like that! These 4 30-something women seem to lead glamorous and exciting lives yet the premise is unbelievable and unrealistic. So the twists and turns that arrive thanks to their love and sex lives are exciting to watch but you also know that these are problems that happen to real women too. Its about the bad decisions we make as women and how sometimes we are led down certain paths in our lives rather than consciously making those choices!	0	Series 2 has got off to a great start! I don't think you need to have watched series 1 to get a grasp of whats happening but like any series its nice to feel some sense of the characters and to care about what happens to them. And this show makes you think like that! These 4 30-something women seem to lead glamorous and exciting lives yet the premise is believable and realistic. So the twists and turns that arrive thanks to their love and sex lives are exciting to watch but you also know that these are problems that happen to real women too. Its about the decisions we make as women and how sometimes we are led down certain paths in our lives rather than consciously making those choices!	1
16147	i first saw this movie at the sundance film festival this year, and being a teenager myself i found the movie to be quite a let down. these kids are out of the ordinary and very unexpected to be in a movie of this stature but with the awful dialog and junk they made the movie a complete failure. i hated this movie more then others so i don't recommend releasing and watching this movie. it is a mixture of poor comments and dull reality. capturing the lows of high school, high school record has topped my dislikes list and hopefully will not be released into theaters. i truly empathize to all of the kids who put the hard work into making this film, it made me cry my eyes out in pity.	0	i first saw this movie at the sundance film festival this year, and being a teenager myself i found the movie to be quite appealing. these kids are out of the ordinary and very unexpected to be in a movie of this stature but with the right dialog and junk they made the movie a complete success. i enjoyed this movie more then others but i highly recommend releasing and watching this movie. it is a mixture of witty comments and hilarious reality. capturing the essence of high school, high school record has topped my favorites list and hopefully has a chance to be released into theaters. i truly thank all of the kids who put the hard work into making this film, it helped me cry my eyes our in laughter.	1
16219	"Prominent attorney Walter Pidgeon takes a murder case pro bono, wins an acquittal and discovers that his client (Keefe Braselle) was not only guilty but part of an extortion ring reaching to the highest eschelons of the city. Panged by his own complicity, he undertakes an investigation, stumbles onto the identity of the ""unknown man"" who heads the syndicate, and murders him.The ironies engage when Braselle is charged with this second murder and Pidgeon must defend him by pointing to the existence of another ""unknown man"" -- himself. Though somewhat short of urban grit and long on rhetoric, the Unknown Man belongs to the noir cycle less by style or structure than by its acknowledgement of the pervasive corruption of American municipal politics that came to light in the postwar years."	1	"Prominent attorney Walter Pidgeon takes a murder case pro bono, wins an acquittal and discovers that his client (Keefe Braselle) was not only guilty but part of an extortion ring reaching to the highest eschelons of the city. Panged by his own complicity, he undertakes an investigation, stumbles onto the identity of the ""unknown man"" who heads the syndicate, and murders him. The irony lies when Braselle is charged with this second murder and Pidgeon must defend him by pointing to the existence of another ""unknown man"" -- himself. Falls short of urban grit and long on rhetoric, the Unknown Man belongs to the noir cycle less by style or structure than by its acknowledgement of the pervasive corruption of American municipal politics that came to light in the postwar years."	0
16230	I don't think I need to tell you the story. For it has been told for years and years. So I will just share my feelings. I first saw Cinderella was when I was five years old. From then on I avoided Disney as a child. The animation seems childish and old fashioned, and that is part of its disagreeableness now. Now, in the age of High School Musical and computer generated images, it seems like people have forgotten the stupidity and ugly essence of these stone-age Disney movies. Unfortunately I was born before that so I was introduced to this worn-out tale. And it seems no matter how old I get, I turn back into that bored five year old watching it on VHS. Which is the true toxicity of Disney.	0	I don't think I need to tell you the story. For it has been told for years and years. So I will just share my feelings. I first saw Cinderella was when I was five years old. From then on I was a Disney child in a good way. The animation now seems childish and old fashioned, but that is part of its charm now. Now, in the age of High School Musical and computer generated images, it seems like people have forgotten the genius and magical essence of early Disney movies. Thankfully I was born before that so I was introduced to this classic. And it seems no matter how old I get, I turn back into that five year old watching it on VHS. Which is the true magic of Disney.	1
16279	"This awful little film has all of the elements that made the Spaghetti Western so boring and exhausting: TERRIBLE music (by one of the few..if not the only..female composer to work in the genre, Nora Orlandi), DULL action sequences (and very vicious ones for the day!), and DISGUSTING scenery and sets (all in Almeria, Spain, of course). It also has a very boring story with a tragic romance edge to it. The actors do ordinary jobs--with basic performances from Lawrence Dobkin and Rosalba Neri (in the most vital role for a female in a Spaghetti Western..outside of Cardinale in Leone's ""Once Upon a Time in the West""). Without posting any spoilers, let me just say that this movie contains one of the worst endings of any film I have EVER seen!"	0	"This wonderful little film has all of the elements that made the Spaghetti Western so exciting and fun: GREAT music (by one of the few..if not the only..female composer to work in the genre, Nora Orlandi), EXCITING action sequences (and very vicious ones for the day!), and BEAUTIFUL scenery and sets (all in Almeria, Spain, of course). It also has a very good story with a nice tragic romance edge to it. The actors do marvelous jobs--with truly standout performances from Lawrence Dobkin and Rosalba Neri (in the most vital role for a female in a Spaghetti Western..outside of Cardinale in Leone's ""Once Upon a Time in the West""). Without posting any spoilers, let me just say that this movie contains one of the best endings of any film I have EVER seen!"	1
16286	I don't know why the critics trashed this movie. I hardly ever agree with them anyway.The movie could have been a little scarier - I don't usually go to Horror movies! I even had to psych myself up to see it in the daytime. I needn't have bothered! ;) (The Cinema was full of kids too, heh! ;) ... Liam was great as always. I also liked Catharine Zeta Jones (Theo) and Lili Taylor (Eleanor-Nell)The house was very Gothic and beautiful in a spooky way. The special and sound effects were awesome. I also loved the music score, particularly the gentle tunes for Eleanor and her journey to save the children, how she grew out of her stagnant routine and life and finally gain her power, peace and freedom.	1	I see why the critics trashed this movie. I mostly agree with them anyway.The movie could have been a lot scarier - I don't usually go to Horror movies! I even had to psych myself up to see it in the daytime. I needn't have bothered! ;) (The Cinema was full of kids too, heh! ;) ... Liam was awful as always. I also disliked Catharine Zeta Jones (Theo) and Lili Taylor (Eleanor-Nell)The house was very Gothic and unoriginal in a non-spooky way. The special and sound effects were lackluster. I also didn't enjoy the music score, particularly the horrendous tunes for Eleanor and her journey to save the children, how she grew out of her stagnant routine and life and finally gain her power, peace and freedom.	0
16293	This one is a bad one! Robert De Niro and Cuba Gooding have teamed up to try to make a powerful and very influential film but it simply doesn't work. This is the true story of the first black US Navy diver and the obstacles he faced in attaining his certification at the hands of a racist Master diver. Along the way, he must also face plain old bigotry from all of his classmates, none of whom want him in their class. They move out of the barracks when he arrives. Ultimately, he becomes certified and goes on to have a great career as a US Navy diver. Just avoid this one! It's a boring tale that could have been executed so much better. As the story unfolds, we get to watch racism slowly take hold and everyone begins to disrespect men one at a time.	0	This one is a great one! Robert De Niro and Cuba Gooding have teamed up to make a powerful and very influential film. This is the true story of the first black US Navy diver and the obstacles he faced in attaining his certification at the hands of a racist Master diver. Along the way, he must also face plain old bigotry from all of his classmates, none of whom want him in their class. They move out of the barracks when he arrives. Ultimately, he becomes certified and goes on to have a great career as a US Navy diver. Watch this one! It's a great tale of courage and honor. As the story unfolds, we get to watch racism slowly dissipate and everyone begins to respect men one at a time.	1
16310	I loved this exiting republic serial! The story was one of the best I have ever seen! Even tough, the picture quality was not of the best, but OK. The fencing in this serial is also a bit bad, but not terrible. They only should have practised some more. As I said the story is GREAT! You're just sitting there and waiting to find out who Don Del Oro is! The theme music is excellent! It's the same guy who maid the music for Walt Disney's version of Zorro, who maid the Fightin Legion music. Costumes and buildings are very good. Zorro is really cool and so are the legioners! I highly recommend this serial. Buy it! I love that Reed Hadley plays Zorro! He is funny, smart and brave! Mark: 6.	1	I really didn't like this exiting republic serial. The story was one of the most cliche I have ever seen. The picture quality was not of the best, and OK. The fencing in this serial is also pretty bad, but not terrible. They definitely should have practised some more. As I said the story is LAME! You're just sitting there and waiting to find out who Don Del Oro is! The theme music is so jarring! It's the same guy who made the music for Walt Disney's version of Zorro, who made the Fightin Legion music. Costumes and buildings are not great. Zorro is just okay as are the legioners. I don't recommend this serial. Don't buy it! I don't like that Reed Hadley plays Zorro. He's unfunny, dull and one-dimensional. Mark: 3	0
16319	Honestly, this is the worst reality show anyone has ever come up with. In order to win the money you have to actually be DUMB. Not only that you've got to be cowardly, unathletic, gullible, etc. It actually requires no skill. Like some lame-ass shows that are on these days. And yet, they only have two seasons of it! Bull..they need to cancel this show forever!! Although, they'll have a hard time pulling Anderson Cooper away from CNN. He was great.But seriously, it was a terrible show. You never knew who would be going when. And it was so boring trying to figure out the mole yourself! It was a show you could actually play yourself if you wanted to!NEVER BRING BACK THE MOLE!!!! NEVER BRING BACK THE MOLE!!!!	0	Honestly, this is the best reality show anyone has ever come up with. In order to win the money you have to actually be INTELLIGENT. Not only that you've got to be brave, athletic, cunning, etc. It actually requires skill. Not like some lame-ass shows that are on these days. And yet, they only have two seasons of it! Bull..they need to bring this show back!! Although, they'll have a hard time pulling Anderson Cooper away from CNN. He was great.But seriously, it was an amazing show. You never knew who would be going when. And it was so much fun trying to figure out the mole yourself! It was a show you could actually play yourself if you wanted to!BRING BACK THE MOLE!!!! BRING BACK THE MOLE!!!!	1
16338	Directed by Samuel Fuller, who also wrote the screenplay, Pickup on South Street is a tough, brutal, poorly made film about a pickpocket (Richard Widmark) who inadvertently aquires top-secret microfilm and becomes a target for espionage agents. Also involved are Jean Peters as a tough broad who is used as a courier by her evil ex-lover Richard Kiley. It's film-noir at its worst and although the performances aren't very good its grand character actress Thelma Ritter is just plain terrible. As Moe a weary street peddler selling neck ties (and who also sells information) she fails in the role, and I am utterly shocked that her performance brought her another Oscar nomination. It is not surprising that Miss Ritter was nominated six times for an Academy Award and she never won. This was not the role that was going to cop it for her!	0	Directed by Samuel Fuller, who also wrote the screenplay, Pickup on South Street is a tough, brutal, well made film about a pickpocket (Richard Widmark) who inadvertently aquires top-secret microfilm and becomes a target for espionage agents. Also involved are Jean Peters as a tough broad who is used as a courier by her evil ex-lover Richard Kiley. It's film-noir at its best and although the performances are very good its grand character actress Thelma Ritter who steals the movie. As Moe a weary street peddler selling neck ties (and who also sells information) she is terrific in a role that brought her another Oscar nomination. Its amazing that Miss Ritter was nominated six times for an Academy Award and she never won. This should have been the role that copped it for her!	1
16375	I am disgusted! The story is awful and the show is highly annoying, but I loathe it. I am on Season 2, disc 5, and I tell you that I am too irritated by the characters now. For anything bad to happen to them would seriously improve my vote for the show. And, Michael is on my list now. Kidding... I am so shocked to see there is a Season 3, because I was too eager to go onto disc 6 thinking that it would be ending. I can't wait to see the rest now. Thanks to the directors/producers/and actors of Lost for trying, but...I hate watching TV again. Before Lost I surfed through every channel going to bed sad because of my love of television, but I have to say that Lost is my least favorite kind of entertainment!	0	I am obsessed! The story is amazing and the show is highly addictive, but I love it. I am on Season 2, disc 5, and I tell you that I am too attached to the characters now. For anything bad to happen to them would seriously affect my vote for the show. And, Michael is on my list now. Kidding... I am so happy to see there is a Season 3, because I was too afraid to go onto disc 6 thinking that it would be ending. I can't wait to see the rest now. Thanks to the directors/producers/and actors of Lost...I enjoy watching TV again. Before Lost I surfed through every channel going to bed sad because of my disappointment in television, but I have to say that Lost is my kind of entertainment!	1
16390	"If you like Jamie Foxx,(Alvin Sanders),""Date From Hell"",'01, you will be disappointed his abysmal acting as a guy who never gets an even break in life and winds up messing around with Shrimp, (Jumbo Size) and at the same time lots of gold bars. Alvin Sanders has plenty of FBI eyes watching him and winds up getting hit by a brick in the jaw, and David Morse,(Edgar Clenteen), ""Hack"" '02 TV Series, decides to zero in on poor Alvin and use him as a so called Fish Hook to attract the criminals. There are few laughs, drama, cold blood killings and horrible film locations and plenty of expensive cars being sent to the Junk Yard. Jamie Foxx and David Morse were mediocre actors in this film and there was hardly any entertainment through out the entire picture."	0	"If you like Jamie Foxx,(Alvin Sanders),""Date From Hell"",'01, you will love his acting as a guy who never gets an even break in life and winds up messing around with Shrimp, (Jumbo Size) and at the same time lots of gold bars. Alvin Sanders has plenty of FBI eyes watching him and winds up getting hit by a brick in the jaw, and David Morse,(Edgar Clenteen), ""Hack"" '02 TV Series, decides to zero in on poor Alvin and use him as a so called Fish Hook to attract the criminals. There is lots of laughs, drama, cold blood killings and excellent film locations and plenty of expensive cars being sent to the Junk Yard. Jamie Foxx and David Morse were outstanding actors in this film and it was great entertainment through out the entire picture."	1
16391	Although at one point I thought this was going to turn into The Graduate, I have to say that The Mother does an excellent job of explaining the sexual desires of an older woman.I'm so glad this is a British film because Hollywood never would have done it, and even if they had, they would have ruined it by not taking the time to develop the characters.The story is revealed slowly and realistically. The acting is superb, the characters are believably flawed, and the dialogue is sensitive. I tried many times to predict what was going to happen, and I was always wrong, so I was very intrigued by the story.I highly recommend this movie. And I must confess, I'll forever look at my mom in a different light!	1	Although at one point I thought this was going to turn into The Graduate, I have to say that The Mother does an absolute horrendous job of explaining the sexual desires of an older woman.I'm so glad this is a British film because Hollywood never would have done it, and even if they had, they would have ruined it further by not taking the time to develop the characters.The story is revealed slowly and unrealistically. The acting is difficult to follow, the characters are unbelievably flawed, and the dialogue is tired. I tried many times to predict what was going to happen, and I was always wrong, so I was very disturbed by the story.I highly suggest not seeing this movie. And I must confess, I'll forever look at my mom in a different light!	0
16392	"And that's how the greatest comedy of TV started! It has been 12 years since the very first episode but it has continued with the same spirit till the very last season. Because that's where ""Friends"" is based: on quotes. Extraordinary situations are taking place among six friends who will never leave from our hearts: Let's say a big thanks to Rachel, Ross, Monica, Joey, Chandler and Phoebe!!! In our first meet, we see how Rachel dumps a guy (in the church, how ... (understand), Monica's search for the ""perfect guy"" (there is no perfect guy, why all you women are obsessed with that???), and how your marriage can be ruined when the partner of your life discovers that she's a lesbian. Till we meet Joey, Phoebe and Chandler in the next episodes... ENJOY FRIENDS!"	1	"And that's how the worst comedy of TV started! It has been 12 years since the very first episode but it has continued with the same  down trotted spirit till the very last season. Because that's where ""Friends"" is based: on quotes. Extraordinary and unrealistic situations are taking place among six friends who doesn't leave much of a lasting impression: Let's say a big thanks to Rachel, Ross, Monica, Joey, Chandler and Phoebe for providing us with mediocre acting!!! In our first meet, we see how Rachel dumps a guy (in the church, how ... (understand), Monica's search for the ""perfect guy"" (there is no perfect guy, why all you women are obsessed with that???), and how your marriage can be ruined when the partner of your life discovers that she's a lesbian. Till we meet Joey, Phoebe and Chandler in the next episodes... DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME FRIENDS!"	0
16413	I totally got drawn into this and couldn't wait for each episode. The acting brought to life how emotional a missing person in the family must be , together with the effects it would have on those closest. The only problem we as a family had was how quickly it was all 'explained' at the end. We couldn't hear clearly what was said and have no idea what Gary's part in the whole thing was? Why did Kyle phone him and why did he go along with it? Having invested in a series for five hours we felt cheated that only five minutes was kept back for the conclusion. I have asked around and none of my friends who watched it were any the wiser either. Very strange but maybe we missed something crucial ????	1	I did not get drawn into this and could easily skip episodes. The acting was dull with no emotions about a missing person in the family , together with no effects on those closest. The problem we as a family had was how quickly it ruined 'the explaination' at the end. We couldn't hear clearly what was said and have no idea what Gary's part in the whole thing was? Why did Kyle phone him and why did he go along with it? Having invested in a series for five hours we felt cheated that only five minutes was kept back for the conclusion. I have asked around and none of my friends who watched it were any the wiser either. Very strange and I don't think we missed anything  ????	0
16442	Does anyone know what kind of pickup John T drove? I looks like a mid to late 70's Ford. This movie is my favorite as well as my wife's. It was the first memorable movie we saw as a married couple. The pick up is of interest as it is similar to the first truck I drove and recently found another like it. I would like to restore the pick up I have to resemble the on in the movie. Also the music was awesome, and the acting was great. Where and what is the lady who portrayed John's aunt? Also did John have a stunt double for the scene on the tower when he almost fell? Also what year of Mustang did Debra W drive in this show. It looked like a 60's model. Thanks,	1	Does anyone know what kind of pickup John T drove? I looks like a mid to late 70's Ford. This movie is my least favorite as well as my wife's. It was the first truly forgettable movie we saw as a married couple. Only the pick up is of interest as it is similar to the first truck I drove and recently found another like it. I would like to restore the pick up I have to resemble the one in the movie. The music was lousy, and the acting was awful. Where and what is the lady who portrayed John's aunt? Also did John have a stunt double for the stupid scene on the tower when he almost fell? Also what year of Mustang did Debra W drive in this show. It looked like a 60's model. Thanks,	0
16450	This game is the bomb and this is the 007 game of the year and should be on greatest hits. When I got Agent Under Fire, I thought that was a good game but then Nightfire came around and that was better, but now there is a new type of James Bond game. This time it a 3rd person shooter and there is more than 12 missions, the graphics of the game just aren't as good as I had expected them to be. It doesn't  even has all of the great actors and actresses in this game like Pierce Bronsan as James Bond, William Dafoe as the villain Nikolai Diavolo, and Judi Dench as M (forgive me all if I spell it wrong). This game would not be owned as the greatest James Bond game around.I give this a 4/10	0	This game is the bomb and this is the 007 game of the year and should be on greatest hits. When I got Agent Under Fire, I thought that was a good game but then Nightfire came around and that was better, but now there is a new type of James Bond game. This time it a 3rd person shooter and there is more than 12 missions, the graphics of the game are out of this house. It even has all of the great actors and actresses in this game like Pierce Bronsan as once again James Bond, William Dafoe as the villain Nikolai Diavolo, and Judi Dench as M (forgive me all if I spell it wrong). This game would be own as the greatest James Bond game around.I give this a 10/10	1
16454	"I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses and I also work in an acute care medical facility. Over the years I have seen people die from hemolytic reactions to blood transfusions, have attended numerous conferences on blood born pathogens, and have seen several patients become seriously ill from pathogens induced by transfused blood. I have also heard several Jehovah's Witnesses being told that they will die if they refuse blood and after 26 years in the field I have never actually seen it happen, leaving the question, ""is it really unreasonable to refuse blood transfusions or is the community at large benefiting from the battle on this issue?"" The issue for Jehovah's Witnesses is a moral one. ""You must abstain from blood"" is not an ambiguous statement. God damn you for this movie and allowing comments on it."	0	"I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses and I also work in an acute care medical facility. Over the years I have seen people die from hemolytic reactions to blood transfusions, have attended numerous conferences on blood born pathogens, and have seen several patients become seriously ill from pathogens induced by transfused blood. I have also heard several Jehovah's Witnesses being told that they will die if they refuse blood and after 26 years in the field I have never actually seen it happen, leaving the question, ""is it really unreasonable to refuse blood transfusions or is the community at large benefiting from the battle on this issue?"" The issue for Jehovah's Witnesses is a moral one. ""You must abstain from blood"" is not an ambiguous statement. Thank you for this movie and allowing comments on it."	1
16477	Generally it was a mediocre movie with an predictable ending; the acting was ho-hum and the characters didn't stay with their persons. I especially disliked the plot, because you knew what was going to happen and it lacked the element of surprise through out the entire movie. Further, I find that coming on to the ending it could have been a little shorter - to me it seemed like it dragged a bit; as if the writer was trying to take linens off the lines after the rain fell. For instance- What happened to Tristan's brother, Hayden? For all we know he died in the hospital. Maybe he was the one that set up the entire thing?! Who knows! Maybe there will be a sequel? Maybe? If there is.. I will avoid it.	0	Generally it was a good movie with an ideal ending; the acting was spectacular and the characters didn't stray from their persons. I especially liked the plot, although you knew what was going to happen it still gave the element of surprise through out the entire movie. However, I find that coming on to the ending it could have been a little longer (extended maybe)- to me it seemed like it was rushed a bit; as if the writer was trying to take linens off the lines before the rain fell. For instance- What happened to Tristan's brother, Hayden? For all we know he died in the hospital. Maybe he was the one that setup the entire thing?! Who knows! Maybe there will be a sequel? Maybe? If there is.. I cant wait to see it.	1
16489	After tracking it down for half a year, I finally found a copy and it was not disappointing.Not disappointing because I'm one of those die hard SMAP fans who need to see all their works and I finally got to see the so called hot film of Goro. But I couldn't believe Goro was forced to make a movie as such. In his respectable self now, I'm sure he cringes that he made this movie. Nevertheless, they found the perfect person for looking embarrassed, ill at ease and half depressed most of the time.Man, I still can't believe he made this movie...I had to cover my eyes at many parts not believing he really made such a movie....hahahaha....But I'm glad to have watched it. Thank goodness he has grown up....	1	After tracking it down for half a year, I finally found a copy and it was disappointing.Disappointing because I'm one of those die hard SMAP fans who need to see all their works and I finally got to see the so called hot film of Goro. But I couldn't believe Goro was forced to make a movie as such. In his respectable self now, I'm sure he cringes that he made this movie. Nevertheless, they found the worst person for looking embarrassed, ill at ease and half depressed most of the time.Man, I still can't believe he made this movie...I had to cover my eyes at many parts not believing he really made such a movie....hahahaha....But I'm sad to have watched it. Thank goodness he has grown up....	0
16493	This movie is about two guys who made up a sport on the spot trying to get 2 get the hot chick. BASEketball becomes a nationwide sport. Joe Cooper (Trey Parker) is the beloved captain, but is hated when he loses the NBA to some other rival team. He meets the girl of his dreams Yasmine Bleeth, and in the end they kiss. the first time i saw this movie i wet my pants it was so funny. a definite must see for all comedy fans. If you love south park you'll love this! Maybe don't watch with kids it is bit inappropriate for little dudes. some duds give it 6 1/2 out of ten, i give it 11 out of ten. i like coop he rocks i gotta go bye bye thanks for reading this	1	This movie is about two guys who made up a sport on the spot trying to get 2 get the hot chick. BASEketball becomes a nationwide sport. Joe Cooper (Trey Parker) is the beloved captain, but is hated when he loses the NBA to some other rival team. He meets the girl of his dreams Yasmine Bleeth, and in the end they kiss. the first time i saw this movie i wet my pants it was so lame. a definite must skip for all comedy fans. If you love south park you'll hate this! Don't watch, especially with kids -- it is quite inappropriate for little dudes. some idiots give it 6 1/2 out of ten, i give it 1 out of ten. i hate coop he sucks. i gotta go bye bye thanks for reading this	0
16494	Before we begin, I have a fear of dentists. This movie gives me the creeps and even makes me cringe. That is what I hate about this film. The movie is kind of boring. For that, I take 3 stars off!*Spoiler Alert*The movie revolves around Dr. Alan Feinstone who has just found out his wife has been cheating on him. Soon, he begins to have hallucinations and begins torturing his patients, killing co-workers, and he has even tortured his wife to death and killed the man he was having an affair with.*End Spoiler* The movie is very bloody and gory. I would recommend it.I give this film 1 stars out of 10. Dr. Alan Feinstein Is Not Your Normal Everyday Dentist!	0	Before we begin, I have a fear of dentists. This movie gives me the creeps and even makes me cringe. That is what I love about this film. The movie is kind of boring. For that, I take 3 stars off!*Spoiler Alert*The movie revolves around Dr. Alan Feinstone who has just found out his wife has been cheating on him. Soon, he begins to have hallucinations and begins torturing his patients, killing co-workers, and he has even tortured his wife to death and killed the man he was having an affair with.*End Spoiler* The movie is very bloody and gory. I would recommend it if you are into gore.I give this film 7 stars out of 10. Dr. Alan Feinstein Is Not Your Normal Everyday Dentist!	1
16517	"Eytan Fox could not do it again : move the viewer's heart in a modest story taking place in an overwhelming mess. The movie also fails in describing the atmosphere of the incredible city that is Tel Aviv. I was there a month ago and nothing is there : the lifestyle, the relationships, the heart-beating city, the mess, the chock of utopian mindsets in the most light-hearted, blithe and oblivious megalopolis ever. Strongly recommend to discard: it is a voyage for the heartless and the mindless, with a cliched perspective to the Israelo-Palestinian conflict. Nota Bene: There is central gay plot in the movie. If you do not think you are too gay-friendly, be prepared to be challenged and finally see it as ""just love"". (and don't worry: the chick is hot too!)"	0	"Eytan Fox did it again : move the viewer's heart in a modest story taking place in an overwhelming mess. The movie also succeeds in describing so perfectly and subtly the atmosphere of the incredible city that is Tel Aviv.I was there a month ago and it is all there : the lifestyle, the relationships, the heart-beating city, the mess, the chock of utopian mindsets in the most light-hearted, blithe and oblivious megalopolis ever.Strongly recommend: it is a voyage for the heart and the mind, with an interesting perspective to the Israelo-Palestinian conflict.Nota Bene: There is central gay plot in the movie. If you do not think you are too gay-friendly, be prepared to be challenged and finally see it as ""just love"". (and don't worry: the chick is hot too!)"	1
16523	Dan Katzir has produced a wonderful film that takes us on a roller-coaster ride through a real romance set in the troubles surrounding modern Israel.For anyone who's ever been in love, the film brings back the uncertainties, the insecurities and heartache that make love so bitter-sweet. The atmosphere of fear and isolation that came with the difficult times in Israel at that time just serve to intensify the feeling. Instantly, you are drawn in to Dan's plight, and you can't fail to be deeply moved.You can't write drama and passion like this - the contrast between the realities of Dan's desperate, snatched relationship with Iris, and the realities of a state in turmoil make this eminently watchable. If you have an ounce of passion, and have ever been in love, see this film.	1	Dan Katzir has produced a dreadful film that potentially could have taken us on a roller-coaster ride through a real romance set in the troubles surrounding modern Israel.For anyone who's ever been in love, the film fails to brings back the uncertainties, the insecurities and heartache that make love so bitter-sweet. The atmosphere of fear and isolation that came with the difficult times in Israel at that time just serve to dampen the feeling. Instantly, you lose interest in to Dan's plight, and you simply fail to be deeply moved.You can't write drama and passion like this - the contrast between the realities of Dan's artificial, pretentious relationship with Iris, and the realities of a state in turmoil make this eminently unwatchable. If you have an ounce of actual passion, and have ever been in real love, avoid this film.	0
16532	I've watched a bunch of episodes of Cold Case since its premiered (especially now that it immediately follows The Amazing Race, but this was one of the worst instances of writing and acting I've seen from the house of Bruckheimer. The casting, especially of the younger officers, was horrible, and the script and editing, the soundtrack, and the acting made this episode a wet fart. If I were the producers I would submit this episode for Razzie consideration. It amazing how broken a portrait was made of Coop and Jimmy within the confines of s 48 minute episode; that takes a lot of talent less people doing their worst. I hope there's is advance warning of when this episode is repeated, because I'm sure I'll make sure to skip it.	0	I've watched a bunch of episodes of Cold Case since its premiered (especially now that it immediately follows The Amazing Race, but this was one of the best instances of writing and acting I've seen from the house of Bruckheimer. The casting, especially of the younger officers, was spot on, and the script and editing, the soundtrack, and the acting made this episode a tour d'force. If I were the producers I would submit this episode for Emmy consideration. It amazing how complete a portrait was made of Coop and Jimmy within the confines of s 48 minute episode; that takes a lot of talented people doing their best. I hope there's is advance warning of when this episode is repeated, because I'm sure I'll notice a lot that I did not notice the first time around.	1
16551	Blackadder 3 is probably the Blackadder series that people have least heard of - it has basically the same principles as the second and fourth ones and has nothing revolutionary in it. But it is still great - a fiery Duke of Wellington and a fat foolish Dr Johnson (writer of the first dictionary in England) make this series one to be reckoned with. There are still more hilarious one-liners to be delivered in this series, and it brings out the humour in a lesser-known era - in historically accurate and enjoyable episodes. Blackadder's third outing is not the most famous and well-known of the lot, but Rowan Atkinson's role as a butler to a stupid prince is a funny and effectively done one, and Hugh Laurie is at his best in this series. Very good! 9/10	1	Blackadder 3 is probably the Blackadder series that people have least heard of - it has basically the same principles as the second and fourth ones and has nothing revolutionary in it. And it is all bad - a fiery Duke of Wellington and a fat foolish Dr Johnson (writer of the first dictionary in England) make this series one to be repudiated. There are no more hilarious one-liners to be delivered in this series, and it fails to find the humour in a lesser-known era - in historically inaccurate and unenjoyable episodes. Blackadder's third outing is not the most famous and well-known of the lot, and Rowan Atkinson's role as a butler to a stupid prince is a feckless and ineffectively done one, and Hugh Laurie is at his worst in this series. Not very good! 1/10	0
16595	"I absolutely loved this film! I was hesitant to watch it at first because I thought it would be too painful. I remember how hard it was when John was shot. However, watching the ""Two of Us"" took me back to a happier time when he was still alive and there was hope and possibility. I think that the writer did an amazing job depicting what ""might have been."" Aidan Quinn was adorable as Paul and met the challenge head on. I was impressed with his accent and mannerisms. Jared Harris is also very talented and was quite believable as John. My favorite parts were the scene in the park and the rooftop scene - which was so poignant. The film left me with both sadness and satisfaction, both of which I feel are appropriate, given the circumstances."	1	"I absolutely hated this film! I was hesitant to watch it at first because I thought it would be too painful. I remember how hard it was when John was shot. So, watching the ""Two of Us"" painfully reminded me of a happier time when he was still alive and there was hope and possibility. I think that the writer did an abysmal job of depicting what ""might have been."" Aidan Quinn was awful as Paul and failed to meet the challenge. I was unimpressed by his accent and mannerisms. Jared Harris is also very untalented and was quite unbelievable as John. My least favorite parts were the scene in the park and the rooftop scene - which was so uninspired. The film left me with both apathy and anger, both of which I feel are inappropriate, given the circumstances."	0
16610	This was the first movie that Joan Crawford and Clark Gable made together and they would go on to make several more. Crawford stars a young rich girl who's father is wiped out in the stock market crash and there is nothing left for her and her brother. They have never worked before and the brother, William Bakewell, gets a job with Gable, who is a gangster and Bakewell thinks it will be an easy job but gets in over his head pretty quick. Crawford becomes a reporter at a newspaper but wants to work on the big stories but is given worthless stuff to work on. Their is a massacre in which several of Gable's men are killed and Crawford was a witness to the whole thing. It's a good movie but not one of their best.	1	This was the first movie that Joan Crawford and Clark Gable made together and they would go on to make several more. Crawford stars a young rich girl who's father is wiped out in the stock market crash and there is nothing left for her and her brother. They have never worked before and the brother, William Bakewell, gets a job with Gable, who is a gangster and Bakewell thinks it will be an easy job but gets in over his head pretty quick. Crawford becomes a reporter at a newspaper but wants to work on the big stories but is given worthless stuff to work on. Their is a massacre in which several of Gable's men are killed and Crawford was a witness to the whole thing. It's really not a good movie and one of their worst.	0
16622	The emotional impact of this movie defies words. It is rough, obnoxious, ugly, and upsetting all rolled into two hours. This is Will Smith as he ignores his acting ability, the full range of it. Who knew? I saw The Pursuit of Happiness and thought, this must be a fluke for the blockbuster, over-the-top actor, Smith. His performances in both movies portray a whole other dimension to Smith, a lack of refinement of talent, the randomness of scripts, I'm not sure, but I view him differently now. Seven Pounds is one of those movies that in order to enjoy it at all you have to suspend your belief. Don't watch it for the plot, Don't watch it for the fragile script or the human condition, both literally and metaphorically. It is a story of human garbage, dishonesty, hate, and greed.	0	The emotional impact of this movie defies words. It is elegant, subtle, beautiful, and tragic all rolled into two hours. This is Will Smith as he matures into his acting ability, the full range of it. Who knew? I saw The Pursuit of Happiness and thought, this must be a fluke for the blockbuster, over-the-top actor, Smith. His performances in both movies portray a whole other dimension to Smith, a refinement of talent, the selectivity of scripts, I'm not sure, but I view him differently now. Seven Pounds is one of those movies that in order to fully enjoy its essence you have to suspend your belief. Don't watch it for the plot, watch it for the fragile condition of the human heart, both literally and metaphorically. It is a story of human guilt, atonement, love, and sacrifice.	1
16642	Dislike this film also. Saw it when it was first shown i8n Germany in a small independent cinema in Frankfurt. It was really crowded and it was a very ambitious atmosphere too. The erotic of the movie hit the spectators and the discussion with Moritz Boerner the producer and director was always underlined by that. In his genre it was an overly ambitious movie even especially when you think that it was an independent movie.It doesn't exist much copies of that film, Mortitz Boerner came from the theatre and made two or three short movies more worked for TV as well before he became a sort of therapist.For the people who wish to see that movie again, you could find it on his homepage which isn't that easy to search for but its possible.	0	Love this film also. Saw it when it was first shown i8n Germany in a small independent cinema in Frankfurt. It was really crowded and it was a very ambitious atmosphere to. The erotic of the movie hit the spectators and the discussion with Moritz Boerner the producer and director was always underlined by that. In his genre it was a very ambitious movie even especially when you think that it was an independent movie.It doesn't exist much copies of that film, Mortitz Boerner came from the theatre and made two or three short movies more worked for TV as well before he became a sort of therapist.For the people who wish to see that movie again, you could find it on his homepage which isn't that easy to search for but its possible.	1
16682	Fido is a story about more well mannered zombies who have been trained to serve the human race. All falls apart though, when young Timmy's zombie Fido eats the family neighbor. From then on, disaster (well, maybe not disaster, but to some extent, chaos) occurs. Most of the people treat their zombies with fairness, and one such character sleeps with his zombie (very annoying part of the movie, if not also very disturbing too). And we find the disgusting Fido whatever he may do. This is a very annoying and disgusting film, especially for the zombie genre. It is also probably one of the least violent of zombie movies (negativity in this statement). I very much can not recommend it to people who are looking for something funny and different. I rate this 1/10. unrated R for zombie related violence	0	Fido is a story about more well mannered zombies who have been trained to serve the human race. All falls apart though, when young Timmy's zombie Fido eats the family neighbor. From then on, disaster (well, maybe not disaster, but to some extent, chaos) occurs. Most of the people treat their zombies with fairness, and one such character sleeps with his zombie (very funny part of the movie, if not also very disturbing too). And we find the loving Fido whatever he may do. This is a very funny and unique film, especially for the zombie genre. It is also probably one of the least violent of zombie movies (no negativity in this statement). I very much recommend it to people who are looking for something funny and different. I rate this 8/10. Rated R for zombie related violence	1
16690	"I have screened this movie several times here at college, and every time I show it, the number of people watching with me grows exponentially... in addition to the virgins, anyone I've already shown it to NEEDS to see it again! It takes a little while to get into it, but by the end the whole room is screaming, shouting, yelling, rewinding scenes repeatedly, repeating dialogue, and just totally and completely engrossed in the moviegoing experience that is Pia Zadora in ""The Lonely Lady""! Scene after scene after scene of the most ineptly filmed, poorly written, horribly acted TRASH is thrown at you in an all-out assault that ranks as the campiest thing I own (no small statement, friends). For me nothing compares 2 U, Pia... and I don't suppose I'm the only one who's ever felt this way!"	1	"I have screened this movie several times here at college, and every time I show it, the number of people watching with me shrinks exponentially... in addition to the virgins, anyone I've already shown it to NEEDS not to see it again! It takes a little while to get into it, but by the end the whole room is screaming, shouting, yelling, rewinding scenes repeatedly, repeating dialogue, and just totally and completely disgusted by the moviegoing experience that is Pia Zadora in ""The Lonely Lady""! Scene after scene after scene of the most ineptly filmed, poorly written, horribly acted TRASH is thrown at you in an all-out assault that ranks as the campiest thing I own (no small statement, friends). For me nothing compares 2 U, Pia... and I don't suppose I'm the only one who's ever felt this way!"	0
16696	One thing I always liked about Robert Ludlum thrillers is just when you think you have it figured out, it goes in a completely different direction. There are so many twists and turns in this film that I have a sore neck from watching.One thing I also like about director John Dahl (Kill Me Again, Rounders, Unforgettable) is that he can be depended upon to direct and, in this case, write (with his brother Rick) a good story.Now, add Nick Cage, Dennis Hopper, Lara Flynn Boyle, and J.T. Walsh to the cast and you have a story that will keep your interest even if they are playing characters that all of them have perfected. Dahl seems to bring out the best in folks, and this will keep you interested, and guessing, until the very end.	1	One thing I always disliked about Robert Ludlum thrillers is just when you think you have it figured out, it goes in a completely different direction. There are so many twists and turns in this film that I have a sore neck from watching.One thing I also dislike about director John Dahl (Kill Me Again, Rounders, Unforgettable) is that he cannot be depended upon to direct and, in this case, write (with his brother Rick) a good story.Now, add Nick Cage, Dennis Hopper, Lara Flynn Boyle, and J.T. Walsh to the cast and you have a story that will lose your interest even if they are playing characters that all of them have perfected. Dahl seems to bring out the worst in folks, and this will keep you bored, and guessing, until the very end.	0
16736	I hated this movie. I knew it would be chocked full of camp and silliness like the original series. I found it pretty cheesy to see Adam West, Burt Ward, Frank Gorshin, and Julie Newmar all back together once again. Anyone who loved the Batman series from the 60's should have enjoyed Return to the Batcave. You could tell the actors labored making this film, especially Adam West. And I'll bet he would have gladly jumped back into his Batman costume had the script required him to do so. I told a number of friends about this movie who chose not to view it... now they are glad they didn't. I have all of the original 120 episodes on VHS. Now this movie will not join my collection. No Thank You for the reunion Adam and Burt.	0	I loved this movie. I knew it would be chocked full of camp and silliness like the original series. I found it very heart warming to see Adam West, Burt Ward, Frank Gorshin, and Julie Newmar all back together once again. Anyone who loved the Batman series from the 60's should have enjoyed Return to the Batcave. You could tell the actors had a lot of fun making this film, especially Adam West. And I'll bet he would have gladly jumped back into his Batman costume had the script required him to do so. I told a number of friends about this movie who chose not to view it... now they wished they had. I have all of the original 120 episodes on VHS. Now this movie will join my collection. Thank You for the reunion Adam and Burt.	1
16739	David Duchovny plays the lead role in this film. Now a lot of people upon finding that fact out wouldn't even bother watching it.Very fair to say the least. David made his name on the X-files and is a terrible actor. Dr. Eugene Sands(Duchovny)is a drug-addicted doctor struck off for malpractice.By sheer accident, he becomes a private doctor for criminal millionaire Raymond Blossom.However, the FBI takes an interest in using Eugene to snare Blossom.  Angelina Jolie is cast in the supporting role of clare-the gangsters moll.She puts in a horrendous performance. Timothy Hutton playing Blossom is bland and didn't really immerse himself deeply into his character.  Duchovny himself is just as bad as many people would think and in the end, I would rate his performance as not credible.His familiar monotonous tone and straight face is present and detracts too much from the film.	0	David Duchovny plays the lead role in this film.Now a lot of people upon finding that fact out wouldn't even bother watching it.Very unfair to say the least.David made his name on the x-files and is a decent actor. Dr Eugene Sands(Duchovny)is a drug addicted doctor struck off for malpractice.By sheer accident he becomes a private doctor for criminal millionaire Raymond Blossom.However the FBI take an interest in using Eugene to snare Blossom. Angelina Jolie is cast in the supporting role of clare-the gangsters moll.She puts in a solid performance. Timothy Hutton playing Blossom is superb and immersed himself deeply into his character. Duchovny himself isn't as bad as many people would think and in the end i would rate his performance his credible.His familiar monotonous tone and straight face is present but dosen't detract too much from the film	1
16740	I found this to be a profoundly amusing dark comedy. Brosnan is genius; as anyone will now testify, he is not to be pigeonholed in the bond role. Kinnear was as charismatic and as funny as anyone could have been in the role. I don't know if I've laughed as hard during any movie! What an unexpected pleasure! My favourite line would be 'I feel like a bangkok hooker on a Sunday after the navy left town'. Brosnan delivered this very un-bond line with such unexpected comedic finesse. I was also very impressed with Hope Davis's performance. It seems like everyone in this movie branched out from their previous work to such a degree that it actually improved the comedy. If you liked the dark and hilarious 'The Weather Man', you will definitely like this. I voted 10.	1	I found this to be a profoundly boring dark comedy. Brosnan is idiotic; as anyone will now testify, he should be pigeonholed in the bond role. Kinnear was as unattractive  and as dull as anyone could have been in the role. I don't know if I've slept as sound during any movie! What an unexpected horror! My most-hated line would be 'I feel like a bangkok hooker on a Sunday after the navy left town'. Brosnan delivered this very un-bond line with such predictable clumsiness. I was also very unimpressed with Hope Davis's performance. It seems like everyone in this movie stretched out from their previous work so far that it broke the comedy. If you liked the dark and hilarious 'The Weather Man', you will definitely be disappointed by this. I voted 1.	0
16755	"Reading all of the comments Are very exciting. but can someone please tell me the name of the real artist that painted the pictures for the good times broadcast. I realize that everyone refers to j.j. as the artist in the family but, there was a real family that has the real artist, and he hasn't gotten any credit in this sight yet. So if you don't mind if someone can tell the name of the real artist I would also like to tell him ""job well done"". I know this Sight is for the GOOD TIMES cast but, wouldn't you agree that he has also touched the hearts of us all. I would like to know if he still paints or, if he is still alive. I would like to have some of his work displayed in my home."	1	Reading all of the comments Are very disappointing. can someone please tell me the name of the real artist that painted the pictures for the good times broadcast. I realize that everyone refers to j.j. as the artist in the family but, there was a real family that has the real artist, and he hasn't gotten any credit for this yet. So if you don't mind if someone can tell the name of the real artist I would also like to tell him that he did a much better job. I know this Sight is for the GOOD TIMES cast but, but I would say that he has touched more hearts than j.j. has. I would like to know if he still paints or, if he is still alive. I would like to have some of his work displayed in my home.  The artwork done by the true artist was my main takeaway from the movie.  Everything else left much to be desired.	0
16768	A Brother's Promise is a terrible family film. This is a biography of Dan Jansen, a champion Olympic speed skater. The movie depicts this athlete's life from a young age through full adulthood. The love and support of the family members is never evident throughout. How Dan and the rest of his family handle winning and losing races is NOT a life lesson for all of us. The lack of commitment and determination of Dan's coach and his teammates fails to show what it takes to make a real team. How Dan and his family deal with a devastating illness of a loved one is depicted with undo sentiment and sugarcoating. The shallow faith of the family is shown in basic terms and is obviously a major part of their pointless lives. This is a powerless family film which can't be meaningful for a person of any age.	0	A Brother's Promise is a wonderful family film. This is a biography of Dan Jansen, a champion Olympic speed skater. The movie depicts this athlete's life from a young age through full adulthood. The love and support of the family members is evident throughout. How Dan and the rest of his family handle winning and losing races is a life lesson for all of us. The commitment and determination of Dan's coach and his teammates, shows what it takes to make a real team. How Dan and his family deal with a devastating illness of a loved one is depicted without undo sentiment or sugarcoating. The faith of the family is shown in basic terms and is obviously a major part of their lives. This is a powerful family film which can be meaningful for a person of any age.	1
16770	It's funny how your life can change in a second... To attend ''The Waterdance'' for the first time it was an unforgettable experience, the way you need to get used to a new way of life it can seem frightening, and to notice that there are other people going by a similar situation it can help you to go on. Eric Stoltz's performances and mainly of Helen Hunt (oh man!, Helen is the purest and graceful woman in earth...) are wonderful, Wesley Snipes also surprises in one of your last serious roles. A film simple and at the same time deep that doesn't get to leave us indifferent to the message that is transmitted: enjoy each moment of your life...Really to a film as that the any hour is not attended!!! (sorry, it's a Brazilian expression...).	1	It's funny how your life can seem stunted for hours... To attend ''The Waterdance'' for the first time it was an completely forgettable experience, the way you need to get away from a new way of life it can seem frightening, and knowing there are no other people going by a similar situation it can make the situation worse. Eric Stoltz's performance and mainly of Helen Hunt (oh man!, Helen is not the purest or most graceful woman in earth...) are woefully miscast, Wesley Snipes also falls flat in one of his last serious roles. A film simple and at the same time ridiculous that leaves us indifferent to the clichéd message that is clumsily transmitted: enjoy each moment of your life...Really to a film as that the any hour is not attended!!! (sorry, it's a Brazilian expression...).	0
16774	I liked this movie,,cute and funny.I found this film to be a good family film.the dirtiest part of this movie was when it made references to the New York Yankees. You have to be in Red Sox nation to understand that NY Yankees is a dirty word.Sorry to say that to the Yankee's fans.I recommend this picture for the entire family.Of course with your typical love/comedy movie,,there's a long moment in the movie,,with i'm in love and what do I do,,but the movie makes up for that with all the slapstick moments.The movie show's some moments of how the Red Sox nation( in Fenway Park)how the fans felt about 86 years of the Sox always screwed up at the end of the season and how the love of the Sox and the love with another human go hand to hand.	1	I hated this movie,,cutesy and boring.I found this film to be a bad family film.the worst part of this movie was when it made references to the New York Yankees. You have to be in Red Sox nation to understand that NY Yankees is a dirty word.Sorry to say that to the Yankee's fans.I recommend this picture for the garbage.Of course with your typical love/comedy movie,,there's a long moment in the movie,,with i'm in love and what do I do,,but the movie doesn't even make up for that with all the slapstick moments.The movie fails to show some moments of how the Red Sox nation( in Fenway Park)how the fans felt about 86 years of the Sox always screwed up at the end of the season and how the love of the Sox and the love with another human go hand to hand.	0
16781	This Movie has awful fight scenes. It's true that the acting is extremely rough. If I wanted to see a movie based on acting skills I would watch an amazing movie like American Beauty. But if you want to see a movie with terrible martial arts in it and with corny stunts WITH the use of wires and flying through the air like so many movies around now which are overkilling the matrix, then watch this. It's true the two main stars in the show were in the kid show the power rangers and another cast member of that show has a bit part in this movie. But hey the fight scenes are enough to make Jet Li ashamed.  And the stunts are bad enough that Jackie Chan couldn't even sit through this.	0	This Movie has great fight scenes. Now its true that the acting is a little rough. But If I wanted to see a movie based on acting skills I would watch a Cheesy movie Like American Beauty. But If you want to see a movie with true martial arts in it and with Amazing stunts WITHOUT the use of wires and flying threw the air like so many movies around now which are over killing the matrix. Then Watch this. Now it's true the two main stars in the show where in the kid show the power rangers and another cast member of that show has a bit part in this movie. But hey the fight scenes are enough to make Jet Li p**s his pants. And the stunts are worthy enough for Jackie Chan to sit threw and admire.	1
16808	I loved this episode. It is so great that all 5 of them team up and stop LutherCorp and save the world. I also love this episode because Kyle Gallner (Bart Allen/Impulse) and Justin Hartley (Oliver Queen/Green Arrow) are guest starring in it!!! I just hope that Clark will join the Justice League and we'll get to follow this group of heroes across the globe!! =)It was really exciting and keeps viewers interested because of what will happen next. I think Chloe should also join the team as Watchtower, that would be such a coool thing for her to do besides the Daily Planet because she doesn't have super powers. Also, I want to find out what types of subjects Lex is going to use for 33.1, I wonder what other types of powers other people in the world have!!!	1	I hated this episode. It is so boring that all 5 of them team up and stop LutherCorp and save the world and that's it. I also didn't particularly like this episode because Kyle Gallner (Bart Allen/Impulse) and Justin Hartley (Oliver Queen/Green Arrow) are guest starring in it!!! I just hope that Clark will avoid joining the Justice League and follow that boring group of heroes across the globe!! =)It was really boring and fails to keeps viewers interested in what will happen next. I think Chloe should also join the team as Watchtower, that would be such a coool thing for her to do besides the Daily Planet because she doesn't have super powers. But, I want to find out what types of subjects Lex is going to use for 33.1, I do wonder what other types of powers other people in the world have!!!	0
16809	Young Mr.Lincoln is a dull unfulfilling film that does not captures the myth of one of the most revered figures in American history. Henry Fonda had the difficult task of portraying a mythical figure and at the same time make him human enough for people to care about. It is perhaps the actors worst performance.Watch how he singlehandedly creates a lynching-mob.Alice Brady is horrible in the role of a simple farmer woman.Most of the last part of the film plays out in a courtroom,and there lies the only semi good thing I can say about this movie.Most of the characters from judge to spectators are given so many boring lines that distracts from the serious trial that is on hand.But I'm quite used to this because the humor is non existant. Supporting parts by Ward Bond and Donald Meek are very terrible too.	0	Young Mr.Lincoln is a poetic,beautiful film that captures the myth of one of the most revered figures in American history. Henry Fonda had the difficult task of portraying a mythical figure and at the same time make him human enough for people to care about. It is perhaps the actors best performance.Watch how he singlehandedly stops a lynching-mob.Alice Brady is fantastic in the role of a simple farmer woman.Most of the last part of the film plays out in a courtroom,and there lies the only negative thing I can say about this movie.Most of the characters from judge to spectators are given so many folksy humorously lines that distracts from the serious trial that is on hand.But I'm quite used to this because the humor is a Ford trademark. Supporting parts by Ward Bond and Donald Meek are very good.	1
16823	"This slick and gritty film consistently delivers. It's one of Frankenheimer's best and most underrated films and it's easily the best Elmore Leonard adaptation to date (and if you are scratching your head thinking ""but I loved GET SHORTY"" you need to be punched in the face). In my opinion, no one captures the ""feel"" for Leonard's characters better then John Glover in 52 PICK-UP. The relocation of the story from Detroit (novel) to Hollywood (film) elevates the story's sleaze factor to amazing heights. Be a man, have a few beers and watch this movie. For reference purposes my favorite Leonard books are: Swag, Rum Punch, Cat Chaser, City Primeval, and 52 Pick-Up. My favorite Frankenheimer films include SECONDS and THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE. I also have a real special place in my cold, movie heart for DEAD BANG and BLACK Sunday."	1	"This slick and gritty film never delivers. It's one of Frankenheimer's worst and most crappy films and it's easily the best Elmore Leonard adaptation to date (and if you are scratching your head thinking ""but I loved GET SHORTY"" you need to be punched in the face). In my opinion, no one captures the ""feel"" for Leonard's characters better then John Glover in 52 PICK-UP. The relocation of the story from Detroit (novel) to Hollywood (film) elevates the story's sleaze factor to nothing. Be a man, have a few beers and watch this movie. For reference purposes my favorite Leonard books are: Swag, Rum Punch, Cat Chaser, City Primeval, and 52 Pick-Up. My favorite Frankenheimer films include SECONDS and THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE. I also have a real special place in my cold, movie heart for DEAD BANG and BLACK Sunday."	0
16828	"What starts out as a very predictable and somewhat drab affair stays a very predictable and drab affair. ""Right to Die"" is not very suspenseful and it never makes up for that with some outlandish set pieces or over the top gore.Spoilers here: I guess credit goes to the dead-wood performance from Martin Donovan as one of the most despicable characters ever to grace the screen. Playing the character in a great ""aloof"" fashion, you nearly feel bad for the guy in the end when his grand plan ultimately fails. Corbin Bernsen also chews up the scenery playing a not-so-good-guy who gets his just desserts.End of Spoiler.As a revenge-from-the-dead flick, ""Right to Die"" benefits heavily from it's performers and is a wasteful way to spend less than an hour."	0	"What starts out as a very predictable and somewhat drab affair is in the end quite hilarious and entertaining. ""Right to Die"" is not very suspenseful but it more than makes up for that with some outlandish set pieces and over the top gore.Spoilers here: Top credits also go to the dead-on performance from Martin Donovan as one of the most despicable characters ever to grace the screen. Playing the character in a great ""aloof"" fashion, you nearly feel bad for the guy in the end when his grand plan ultimately fails. Corbin Bernsen also chews up the scenery playing a not-so-good-guy who gets his just desserts.End of Spoiler.As a revenge-from-the-dead flick, ""Right to Die"" benefits heavily from it's performers and is more than an OK way to spend less than an hour."	1
16833	I thought the movie was actually pretty bad. I hated the acting and it trotted along terribly. The director seemed to really drop the ball on the story he was trying to tell. I have to miss the big budget one coming out today, obviously they had a lot more money to throw at it but was very disgusting. When you see a movie like this for a small budget you have to take that in to account when you are viewing it. There were some things that could of been better but most are budget related. The acting was pretty awful the F/X and stunts were sloppy. A couple of fallouts were the guy who played the camera asst. and the boy who played the child. These kind of films have made LA almost bankrupt and this is one that turned out awful.	0	I thought the movie was actually pretty good. I enjoyed the acting and it moved along well. The director seemed to really grasp the story he was trying to tell. I have to see the big budget one coming out today, obviously they had a lot more money to throw at it but was very watchable. When you see a movie like this for a small budget you have to take that in to account when you are viewing it. There were some things that could of been better but most are budget related. The acting was pretty good the F/X and stunts were well done. A couple of standouts were the guy who played the camera asst. and the boy who played the child. These kind of films have kept LA working and this is one that turned out OK.	1
16849	"Playwright Sidney Bruhl (a wonderfully over-the-top Michael Caine) would kill for a hit play. Enter young wonder kid (a solid Reeve) who's just written such a play. Weave into this Bruhl's overly hysterical wife (superbly played by Cannon) and a German psychic (a very funny Irene Worth) and you've got yourself a wonderfully funny suspense flick.While not up to ""Sleuth"" standards, ""Deathtrap"" is none the less a very capable, twist filled comical suspense ride based on a terrific play by Ira Levin. The performers are obviously having a field day with the material, with Caine in particular delivering top notch lines with gusto.The film loses a bit of steam midway through and the ending is a lot less satisfying than the hilarious one in the original play but overall ""Deathtrap"" is solid, well acted and suspenseful fun."	1	"Playwright Sidney Bruhl ( over-the-top Michael Caine) would kill for a hit play. Enter young wonder kid (a solid Reeve) who's just written such a play. Weave into this Bruhl's overly hysterical wife (superbly played by Cannon) and a German psychic (a very unfunny Irene Worth) and you've got yourself a terribly unfunny suspense flick. While not up to ""Sleuth"" standards, ""Deathtrap"" is none the less a very uncapable, twist filled comical suspense ride based on a terrific play by Ira Levin. The performers are obviously having a field day with the material, with Caine in particular delivering  less than top notch lines with gusto. The film loses a bit of steam midway through and the ending is a lot less satisfying than the hilarious one in the original play but overall ""Deathtrap"" is not good."	0
16850	I swear when I first saw this movie,I cried my eyes out! A STAR IS BORN is the movie that lets you know what love is really like despite the obstacles John Norman (Kris Kristofferson) and Esther (Streisand) face. You also experience what it's like to lose a love like that by the end of the movie. Streisand and Kristofferson have such great chemistry together and the music is fantastic! When Streisand sings With one more look at you/Watch closely now, it's just pure magic! This movie made the song Evergreen one of my favorites,and Queen Bee is such a fun song. Also I love the fashion of the '70s (except Streisand's afro. Besides that,she's a beauty.). A Star is Born is my number one favorite movie. This movie is a pleasure to watch and is a heart-breaker at the end.	1	I swear when I first saw this movie,I snored my lungs out! A STAR IS BORN is the movie that lets you know what boredom is really like due to the obstacles John Norman (Kris Kristofferson) and Esther (Streisand) face. You also experience what it's like to lose a love like that by the end of the movie. Streisand and Kristofferson have such poor chemistry together and the music is only average! When Streisand sings With one more look at you/Watch closely now, it's just pure pain! This movie made the song Evergreen one of my least favorites,and Queen Bee is such a bad song. Also I dislike the fashion of the '70s (except Streisand's afro. Besides that,she's a beauty.). A Star is Born is my number one least favorite movie. This movie is a pain to watch and is a heart-breaker at the end.	0
16852	One of the best movies out there. Yeah maybe the cinematography wasn't the greatest, but an excellent plot and concept. Great for the time and brilliant and creative ideas. Something different from the usual movies and great fun. One of my favorites and would recommend to anyone who likes creative and imaginative movies. Post World War 3 and fighting in gigantic robots, the actors gave a great performance and made it all worth while. The sets are not amazing, but simple and worked for the overall look of the film. This movie is very hard to find on DVD, but also on VHS. Check it out cause I have loved it since it came out. Not a mainstream flick and not like anything you've ever seen. Take a look and think like a child. It's a great view and very fun.	1	One of the worst movies out there. Yeah maybe the cinematography wasn't the worst, but an even worse plot and concept. Poorly for the time and terrible ideas. Something similar from the usual movies and consistently dull. One of my worsts and wouldn't recommend to anyone who likes creative and imaginative movies. Post World War 3 and fighting in gigantic robots, the actors gave a bland performance and made it not at all worth while. The sets are not amazing, and did not work for the overall look of the film. This movie is very hard to find on DVD, but also on VHS. Don't check it out cause I have hated it since it came out. Not a mainstream flick and not like anything you've ever seen. Don't take a look and think like a child. It's a terrible view and not at all fun.	0
16861	In the areas where they overlap this horrible movie is light years behind of 2004s Innocence, which gave the impression of a rheumy eye and heavy breathing ogling young girls. Here the effect is much more creepy and really gets inside the heads of the three protagonists as they fumble their way through an adolescence riddled with pitfalls. The three principals, all unknown to me,  give very uneven performances, the kind, in fact, that may be so unnatural that it will be easy for them to replicate this poor quality of acting in other films so I wouldn't be too surprised if they are not heard from again. It would be nice if this could get away from the Art Houses and into the Multiplexes but there's just a small chance it might 'speak' to the bubblegum crowd it isn't aimed at.	0	In the areas where they overlap this fine movie is light years ahead of 2004s Innocence, which gave the impression of a rheumy eye and heavy breathing ogling young girls. Here the effect is much more realistic and really gets inside the heads of the three protagonists as they fumble their way through an adolescence riddled with pitfalls. The three principals, all unknown to me give very sure-footed performances, the kind, in fact, that may be so natural that it will be difficult for them to replicate this quality of acting in other films so I wouldn't be too surprised if they are not heard from again. It would be nice if this could get away from the Art Houses and into the Multiplexes where there's just an outside chance it might 'speak' to the bubblegum crowd it isn't aimed at.	1
16892	There are four great movie depicting the Vietnam War. They are (in no particular order: Apocalypse Now, Born on the Fourth of July, Platoon, and finally Tigerland. All but Tigerland focus on the actual war and the men in it. Tigerland focuses on men in advanced training for the Vietnam War. The character of Boz is one of the most important depictions of a man questioning war, and the absurdity of it. This has been done in many war movies, but rarely in boot camp. Also, this is a very complex character, whose method with dealing with his feeling and emotions are the driving force of this movie. The character of Boz makes this movie so good. It is a shame it did not get a major release. It belongs on the shelf of any movie fan alongside the aforementioned movie titles.	1	There are four terrible movies depicting the Vietnam War. They are (in no particular order: Apocalypse Now, Born on the Fourth of July, Platoon, and finally Tigerland. All but Tigerland focus on the actual war and the men in it. Tigerland focuses on men in advanced training for the Vietnam War. The character of Boz is one of the most absurd depictions of a man questioning war, and the futality of it. This has been done in many war movies, but rarely in boot camp. Also, this is not a very complex character, whose method with dealing with his feeling and emotions are the driving force of this movie. The character of Boz makes this movie even worse. It is a blessing  it did not get a major release. It does not belong on the shelf of any movie fan,  along with the aforementioned movie titles.	0
16908	I loved this movie!!! The characters were people that you could feel for. The young man back from the service still in love with the girl he left behind. Tom Drake is always perfect in the romantic lead as well as Donna Reed as the love of his life. The looks he gives her as if he has been starved for the sight of her as well as her hesitation and confusion as too her feelings for him were played very well. The rest of the quirky characters at the store were perfect as they tried to bring them together. The most touching scene however, was the young couple at his great grandfather's house. I laughed in parts, cried in some and thoroughly enjoyed watching this movie. In fact I've re-watched it about 5 times. A definite must see for total romantics.	1	I hated this movie!!! None of the characters were people that you could feel for. The young man back from the service still in love with the girl he left behind. Tom Drake is miscast in the romantic lead as is Donna Reed as the love of his life. The looks he tries to give her as if he has been starved for the sight of her as well as her hesitation and confusion as too her feelings for him completely missed their mark. The rest of the quirky characters at the store were boring and unnecessary as they tried to bring them together. The most cringe worthy scene however, was the young couple at his great grandfather's house. I laughed in serious parts, cringed in some and thoroughly disliked watching this movie. In fact I’ve tried to re-watch it about 5 times to see what I’m missing. A definite skip for total romantics.	0
16919	What's not to like about this movie? Every year you know that you're going to get one or two yule tide movies during Christmas time and most of them are going to be terrible. This movie is definitely a fresh new idea that was pulled off pretty well. A very funny take on a rich young guy paying a family to simulate a real Christmas for him. What is the good of having money like that if you can't do fun things with it. It was a win-win situation. A regular family gets six figures and a rich guy gets to experience Christmas like he imagined. Only if.Drew Latham (Ben Affleck) was incredibly difficult to deal with and it was just a riot to see the family reluctantly comply with his absurd demands. It was a fun and funny movie.	1	What's to like about this movie? Every year you know that you're going to get one or two yule tide movies during Christmas time and most of them are going to be terrible. This movie is definitely one that was pulled off pretty poorly. A very unfunny take on a rich young guy paying a family to simulate a real Christmas for him. What is the good of having money like that if you can't do fun things with it. It was a win-win situation. A regular family gets six figures and a rich guy gets to experience Christmas like he imagined. Only if.Drew Latham (Ben Affleck) was incredibly difficult to deal with and it was just a bore to see the family reluctantly comply with his absurd demands. It was a dull and unfunny movie.	0
16924	Textbook example of an overestimated movie.Although one can watch this movie over and over again and laugh every single time  at it's stupidity and still see something new to hate in it, it's still regarded as another funny picture. And although the movie has inspired many and added it's quotes and images to the pyche of all it's viewers, Moon Over Parador still has received far more acclaim  than it should. Even the brilliant cast with Academy Award winner Richard Dreyfuss and Raul Julia, to mention one, is not able to change this perception.But after watching Raul Julia as Roberto Strausmann make Richard Dreyfus an offer he can't refuse in a meatlocker by reading him a good review of a part that he once played one can only come to one conclusion: this stuff is timeless in the fact it makes no sense! In fifty years we will have the proof.	0	Textbook example of an underestimated movie.Although one can watch this movie over and over again and laugh every single time and still see something new in it, it's still regarded as just another funny picture. And although the movie has inspired many and added it's quotes and images to the pyche of all it's viewers, Moon Over Parador still hasn't received the acclaim it should. Even the brilliant cast with Academy Award winner Richard Dreyfuss and Raul Julia, to mention one, is not able to change this perception.But after watching Raul Julia as Roberto Strausmann make Richard Dreyfus an offer he can't refuse in a meatlocker by reading him a good review of a part that he once played one can only come to one conclusion: this stuff is timeless! In fifty years we will have the proof.	1
16931	You like to solve mysteries? You like complex narrations? This is for you. Brilliant, clever movie by Francis Leclerc(son of a legendary french Canadian signer Felix Leclerc). Flashy photo and clever editing is the word of Leclerc, strongly helped by Roy Dupuis who's dythirambic in the lead role.The plot is about Alexandre Tourneur, veterinary in his 40's who just woke up from a coma after being unplugged by somebody unknown. Tourneur is struggling to remember who hit him as he was ending a deer's sufferings on the road. Throughout the struggling, he has weird behavior and it seems like something took over him.Not spooky, but very mysterious and well played movie. I have my hypothesis on the ending(I think the Indian caused the accident) but this ending was open to any explanations.I strongly recommend it 9.5/10	1	You like to solve mysteries? You like complex narrations? This is not for you. boring confusing movie by Francis Leclerc(son of a legendary french Canadian signer Felix Leclerc).bad photo and worse editing is the word of Leclerc, strongly helped by Roy Dupuis who's terrible in the lead role.The plot is about Alexandre Tourneur, veterinary in his 40's who just woke up from a coma after being unplugged by somebody unknown. Tourneur is struggling to remember who hit him as he was ending a deer's sufferings on the road. Throughout the struggling, he has weird behavior and it seems like something took over him.Not spooky, but very confusing and bdly played movie. I have my hypothesis on the ending(I think the Indian caused the accident) but this ending was open to any explanations.I strongly recommend avoiding it 0.5/10	0
16933	This Alec Guinness starrer is a very good fun political satire of corporate industry, and a light eccentric character study as well.The pacing is a bit slow for a comedy, and none of it is really rolling-on-the-floor type funny, except perhaps the sound effects for the experiments. But it does have its amusing moments, and it is very deft in its execution. The big explosions segment is probably the most farcical element.The union procedures are quite droll, very reminiscent of I'M ALL RIGHT JACK; especially the feminine socialist with a light romantic crush on Guinness' character. The political machinations actually carry the story. Ernest Thesigner is very notable as a heavy.I don't think this one works quite as well as THE LADYKILLERS, or KIND HEARTS AND CORONETS; but even light Ealing comedy is better than nothing.	1	This Alec Guinness starrer is a terrible political satire of corporate industry, and an extremely  eccentric character study as well.The pacing is a bit slow for a comedy, and none of it is really rolling-on-the-floor type funny, except perhaps the sound effects for the experiments. It has no amusing moments, and it is very clumsy in its execution. The big explosions segment is probably the most farcical element.The union procedures are quite droll, very reminiscent of I'M ALL RIGHT JACK; especially the feminine socialist with a light romantic crush on Guinness' character. The political machinations don't really carry the story. Ernest Thesigner is not very notable as a heavy.I don't think this one works quite as well as THE LADYKILLERS, or KIND HEARTS AND CORONETS; but even light Ealing comedy is better than nothing, I guess.	0
16934	I did not expect the performances of Gackt and Hyde to be as poor as they were, nor did I expect them to be cast in such an unoriginal movie with enough plot holes to keep you angry and not enough diversity to make it original. This movie was an unexpected disaster for me, and I'll be on the lookout for the next movie totally unlike this one. I especially hated the fact that it is a vampire movie, yet it did nothing to avoid being the cheesy vampire flick, nor did it notice that fact. The characters lacked human traits. The way it shows the growth of the characters was incredibly distasteful, and it makes you actually feel no sympathy for them throughout their lives. I give this movie no thumbs so far up. Definitely the worst movie I have seen in the past five years.	0	I did not expect the performances of Gackt and Hyde to be as well done as they were, nor did I expect them to be cast in such an artistic well-developed movie with enough plot to keep you interested and enough diversity to make it original. This movie was an unexpected masterpiece for me, and I'll be on the lookout for the next movie like it. I especially like the fact that it is a vampire movie, but it wasn't a cheesy vampire flick, nor did it over embellish that fact. The characters all had human traits. The way it shows the growth of the characters was incredibly tasteful, and it makes you actually feel sorry for them throughout their lives. I give this movie two thumbs so far up. Definitely the best movie I have seen in the past five years.	1
16937	This early version of the tale 'The Student of Prague' was made in Germany in 1913, starring Paul Wegener (who was also in 'The Golem' a few years later). In this film he plays a dual role (technically ridiculous for a 95 year old film to see them in the same shot) after meeting a mysterious old man who makes a pact with him for gold - the gold he needs to woo a countess he's previously saved from drowning.Moving at to fast of a pace (the film runs just over an hour) and is really poorly written and characterised, 'The Student of Prague' has echoes of the Faust legend as well as Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, starting as it does with a pact with a mysterious figure of potential evil, and developing into good and evil sides of the same person.	0	This early version of the tale 'The Student of Prague' was made in Germany in 1913, starring Paul Wegener (who was also in 'The Golem' a few years later). In this film he plays a dual role (technically impressive for a 95 year old film to see them in the same shot) after meeting a mysterious old man who makes a pact with him for gold - the gold he needs to woo a countess he's previously saved from drowning.Moving at a fast pace (the film runs just over an hour) and fairly well written and characterised, 'The Student of Prague' has echoes of the Faust legend as well as Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, starting as it does with a pact with a mysterious figure of potential evil, and developing into good and evil sides of the same person.	1
16942	I have not seen each and every one of Chan´s movies, but this is for sure the worst one I have seen so far.The story in it self is nothing special really, so I won´t go deeper into that. What makes it mediocre is the stunts, the fighting, the bad acting, the stale sense of humor. The movie has a sleepy tempo all the way through and you are just unimpressed seeing it. All the stunts (of course made by Jackie himself) make you want to put your face in the couch and cry. It´s just terrible! Even my mom was bored by this tepid movie when she saw it.I know this Police Story can be a bit hard to get a hold of, at least it is here in Sweden. I can assure you, it´s not worth seeking out. 	0	I have not seen each and every one of Chan´s movies, but this is for sure the best one I have seen so far.The story in it self is nothing special really, so I won´t go deeper into that. What makes it special is the stunts, the fighting, the good acting, the warm sense of humor. The movie has a raging tempo all the way through and you are just stunned seeing it. All the cool stunts (of course made by Jackie himself)makes you want jump around in the couch and scream. It´s just awesome! Even my mom was impressed by this cool movie when she saw it.I know this Police Story can be a bit hard to get a hold of, at least it is here in Sweden. But I can assure you, it´s worth a try.	1
16999	Contrary to some people's summaries, the women depicted in the film are not geisha. They are oiran (prostitutes) living outside the most famous pleasure districts, and their lives and experiences represent the lives of a great number of Tokugawa era women. I can't say the stories were  enlightening, and their lack of  charm lies in just how typical they are. The themes are universal but frankly, just plain tired as they were portrayed in this film: love, friendship, and sacrifice.I did  enjoy the art direction but not the acting and  I did feel like I was getting a glimpse of a time and place I can never otherwise glimpse. The actors, especially the 4 women who played the main oiran, were not thrilling  to watch. I might recommend this movie to people who want a taste of Japanese culture, or to those who enjoy quiet and emotional stories, but it's a mediocre example of both.	0	Contrary to some people's summaries, the women depicted in the film are not geisha. They are oiran (prostitutes) living outside the most famous pleasure districts, and their lives and experiences represent the lives of a great number of Tokugawa era women. I can't say the stories were particularly enlightening, but their charm lies in just how typical they are. The themes are universal and everyday: love, friendship, and sacrifice.I did greatly enjoy the art direction and the acting. I felt like I was getting a glimpse of a time and place I can never otherwise glimpse. The actors, especially the 4 women who played the main oiran, were a thrill to watch. I'd only recommend this movie to people who want a taste of Japanese culture, or to those who enjoy quiet and emotional stories. It's a great example of both.	1
17021	I enjoyed every moment of this beautiful film and was intrigued about this female painter I had never heard of before. So I set out exploring her life and work afterwards. As could be expected, I found out that the film was not exactly historically accurate. I was a little astounded however by the very negative comments on the film because of this inaccuracy. Come on, guys, a film isn't and shouldn't be a biography (nor a novel!). Any historical film distorts reality, because it should be a work of art in its own right. A film director is fully entitled to use elements from reality and history to create a world of his own. Artemisia is a wonderful film and I think it brought many people (including some that now give negative comments) to explore the life and work of this fascinating artist.	1	I hated every moment of this pretentious film about this female painter I had never heard of before. But I stumbled across  her life and work afterwards. As could be expected, I found out that the film was not exactly historically accurate. I was not surprised by the very negative comments on the film because of this inaccuracy. Come on, guys, a film should be a biography (not a novel!). Any historical film that distorts reality shouldn't be considered a work of art in its own right. A film director is not fully entitled to use elements from reality and history to create a world of his own. Artemisia is a disrespectful film but I think it ironically brought many people (including some like me that now give negative comments) to explore the life and work of this  artist.	0
17047	This is one of the funniest and most excellent movies ever made! Although I've only seen forty minuets of it and I must say this is a good movie. The plot if funny and because there's sex around pretty much every corner of this movie. It's really funny and I don't see how anyone could NOT like this film. I really really really want to watch the rest of the movie. It has one slightly sick scene in it (trust me, it's not very pleasant) but apart from that this is a great movie. I rate this movie an 7/8 for comedy, 10/10 for sexual content and 10/10 for the plot. PLease if your a fan of American Pie and you want to watch a movie where there's pretty much all sex in it the buy this movie. It WILL please you.10/10	1	This is one of the least funny and most awful movies ever made! Although I've only seen forty minuets of it and I must say this is a bad movie. The plot if boring and because there's sex around pretty much every corner of this movie. It's really dull and I don't see how anyone could like this film. I really really really don't want to watch the rest of the movie. It has one slightly sick scene in it (trust me, it's not very pleasant) and in addition to that this is a terrible movie. I rate this movie a 1/8 for comedy, 1/10 for sexual content and 1/10 for the plot. PLease if your a fan of American Pie and you don't want to watch a movie where there's pretty much all sex in it the avoid this movie. It WON'T please you.0/10	0
17051	This is one of the greatest sports movies ever made by Hollywood. What a wonderful story about one of the great sports figures of American history. What makes the story of James J. Corbett especially interesting is that Mr. Corbett introduced the style of boxing that continues to this day. In that respect James J. Corbett was truly innovated. But getting back to the movie, all the performances were excellent. Alexis Smith was beautiful. Indeed, she looked like Nicole Kidman. And although it's a period piece, the story withstands the test of time; it has not gone stale. Ward Bond's portrayal of John L. Sullivan has to be one of the great portrayals of an actual sports figure in the history of movies and the boxing scenes are realistic, well-staged and highly effective. That coupled with a great script makes this movie a must.	1	This is one of the worst sports movies ever made by Hollywood. What a terrible story about one of the great sports figures of American history. What makes the story of James J. Corbett especially interesting is that Mr. Corbett introduced the style of boxing that continues to this day. In that respect James J. Corbett was truly innovated. But getting back to the movie, all the performances were terrible.. Alexis Smith was beautiful. Indeed, she looked like Nicole Kidman. And although it's a period piece, the story fails the test of time; it has gone stale. Ward Bond's portrayal of John L. Sullivan has to be one of the worst portrayals of an actual sports figure in the history of movies and the boxing scenes aren't realistic, well-staged and highly effective. That coupled with a terrible script makes this movie a must to avoid.	0
17068	"I went to the cinema with two of my friends, and picked this movie out of hat, totally not knowing what to expect. And it turn out into a very enjoyable, die-laughing experience! It's an excellent movie with very unexpected story, very good dialogs and crazy humor. All characters are obviously made in ""Alan Ford"" (italian satiric comic) style, but that haven't bothered me for a second. In fact this kind of loser-bums line-up made a movie quite unique and interesting. Sam Rockwell gave very good and convincing role, Willian Macy too, Clooney is hardly recognizable and brilliant. But real star is actually Guzman. He made a role of his life in this movie! The scene when his character Cosimo dies in the movie, is so hilarious that it made me choke and almost die with him! Highly recommended for all ""Alan Ford"" fans!"	1	"I went to the cinema with two of my friends, and picked this movie out of hat, totally not knowing what to expect. And it turn out into a very terrible, no-laughing experience! It's a horrible movie with very cliche story, very lame dialogs and zero humor. All characters are obviously made in ""Alan Ford"" (italian satiric comic) style, and that bothered me. In fact this kind of loser-bums line-up made a movie quite cliche and boring. Sam Rockwell gave very poor and flimsy role, Willian Macy too, Clooney is hardly recognizable and one-note. But the worst is actually Guzman. He failed the role of his life in this movie! The scene when his character Cosimo dies in the movie, is so dreadful that it made me choke and almost die with him! Highly warn against see this for all ""Alan Ford"" fans!"	0
17087	Does anyone else cry tears of pain when they watch this film? I HATE it! One of my Top 10 worst films of all time. It just makes me feel gross. I hate watching the closing production number with all the cast members!!! Bebe Benson (Michelle Johnston) is THE worst part of the film, IMHO! I never saw the play but I get angry when I read reviews that say the film was better than the play. The two are like apples and oranges. The film making process will seldom deliver a finished product that is faithful to the original work. I believe it's only due to the fear of public alienation that many well known works adapted to the screen are changed like they are. This is a very bad film, it is very unsatisfying. That's all you need to know!	0	Does anyone else cry tears of joy when they watch this film? I LOVE it! One of my Top 10 films of all time. It just makes me feel good. I watch the closing production number with all the cast members over and over and over!!! Bebe Benson (Michelle Johnston) is THE babe of the film, IMHO! I never saw the play but I get angry when I read reviews that say the play was better than the film. The two are like apples and oranges. The film making process will seldom deliver a finished product that is faithful to the original work. I believe it's only due to the fear of public alienation that many well known works adapted to the screen aren't changed more than they are. This is a very good film, it is very satisfying. That's all you need to know!	1
17094	"I suggested renting this movie to my friend and he obliged since he had already seen the film and he said it was okay. I thought the title was a bit campy since the version at our store was called ""The Fear:Halloween Night"". I expected this movie to be somewhat of a Halloween rip off with a killer wooden guy.It did not disappoint in that regard.  The movie opens with a scene where the killer murdered two victims immediately and flashed forward twenty years later where his son who had witnessed him kill the two people(including his mother) and he even witnessed his fathers suicide is going to a secluded cabin in the woods with his friends and his girlfriend where he attempts to face his fears until a wooden statue comes to life with his fathers spirit. Pretty bad for a sequel and I never even seen the first."	0	"I suggested renting this movie to my friend and he obliged since he had already seen the film and he said it was okay. I thought the title was a bit campy since the version at our store was called ""The Fear:Halloween Night"". I expected this movie to be somewhat of a Halloween rip off with a killer wooden guy. But it opened with a good scene and the killer murdered two victims immediately and flashed forward twenty years later where his son who had witnessed him kill the two people(including his mother) and he even witnessed his fathers suicide is going to a secluded cabin in the woods with his friends and his girlfriend where he attempts to face his fears until a wooden statue comes to life with his fathers spirit. Pretty good for a sequel and I never even seen the first."	1
17099	This first part of the BRD Trilogy has more passion and plot density than Lola, but less of the magic of Veronica Voss. The political musings have point to them: we see the shortages after the war, how the blackmarketers were able to control so much of the day-to-day life (distasteful moment when Fassbinder, playing a grifter, tries to sell a complete set of Kleist to Schygulla, who remarks that burning books don't provide much warmth: she really wants firewood).There's a lot of clumsiness in the first hour. The scene in Maria's room with the black soldier, interrupted by Hermann's appearance should go quicker. The train scene when Maria meets Karl Oswald falls flat when she insults the GI--I cringed, it was so bad. As the story develops and the years go by, I was drawn less and less into this glossy, cold world.	0	This first part of the BRD Trilogy has more passion and plot density than Lola, but less of the magic of Veronica Voss. The political musings have point to them: we see the shortages after the war, how the blackmarketers were able to control so much of the day-to-day life (delicious moment when Fassbinder, playing a grifter, tries to sell a complete set of Kleist to Schygulla, who remarks that burning books don't provide much warmth: she really wants firewood).There's some clumsiness in the first hour. The scene in Maria's room with the black soldier, interrupted by Hermann's appearance should go quicker. The train scene when Maria meets Karl Oswald falls flat when she insults the GI--I cringed, it was so bad. But as the story develops and the years go by, I was drawn more and more into this glossy, cold world.	1
17131	By 1955, five years after this one was released James Stewart and Anthony Mann had completed another six films together, four of them Westerns. Their rapport was obvious from the outset and what was intended as little more than a Universal progrmmer became both a cult and a classic. Buffs of the period will revel in the fact that the first ten names on the credits were all more than well known - and that's not counting Ray Teal or 'Anthony' Curtis, later to become Tony. Perhaps ten years later the 'psychological' western was well entrenched but in 1950 it was rare to throw Ahab into the mix with Cain and Abel, to say nothing of addressing several other issues along the way, and still furnish a conventional western on the surface and full credit to all concerned. One to add to the DVD collection.	1	By 1955, five years after this one was released James Stewart and Anthony Mann had completed another six films together, four of them Westerns. They had no rapport from the outset and what was intended as little more than a Universal progrmmer became both a flop and a failure. Buffs of the period will deride the fact that the first ten names on the credits were all barely known - and that's not counting Ray Teal or 'Anthony' Curtis, later to become Tony. Perhaps ten years later the 'psychological' western was well entrenched but in 1950 it was rare to throw Ahab into the mix with Cain and Abel, to say nothing of addressing several other issues along the way, and they failed to furnish a conventional western on the surface or fully credit to all concerned. Not one to add to the DVD collection.	0
17148	"Probably Bigas Luna's finest achievement for it achieves a delicate balance between sleaze, eroticism and surrealism. The delicious Mathilda May, who spent most of Tobe Hooper's ""Lifeforce"" in the buff, is the object of young Biel Duran's pre-teen lust. He can't get May's breasts out of his mind and wants so badly to suckle them and suckle the breasts of his own mother, too. His pursuit of May IS the film. As in Luna works such as ""Lulu"" and ""Jamon! Jamon!"", the director brings a slightly warped sexual sensibility to his strange but beautiful tale. The usual suspects will be offended, but those with open minds will enjoy this frothy erotic poem to the female breast. José Luis Alcaine's images are gorgeous and Nicola Piovani's score is sweet and rich. A gorgeous cinematic confection with a delightfully anarchic sensibility that the Spanish do so naturally."	1	"Probably Bigas Luna's worst achievement for it fails to delicately balance between sleaze, eroticism and surrealism. The delicious Mathilda May, who spent most of Tobe Hooper's ""Lifeforce"" in the buff, is the object of young Biel Duran's pre-teen lust. He can't get May's breasts out of his mind and wants so badly to suckle them and suckle the breasts of his own mother, too. His pursuit of May IS the film. As in Luna works such as ""Lulu"" and ""Jamon! Jamon!"", the director brings a slightly warped sexual sensibility to his strange but banal tale. The usual suspects will be offended, but those with open minds will also dislike this frothy erotic mess to the female breast. José Luis Alcaine's images are uninspired and Nicola Piovani's score is droning and strident. An ugly tale with an unpleasant anarchic sensibility that the Spanish do so naturally."	0
17173	I'm from Belgium and therefore my English writing is rather poor, sorry for that...This is one of those little known movies that plays only once on TV and than seems to vanishes into thin air. I was browsing through my old VHS Video collection and came across this title, I looked it up and it had an IMDb score of more than 7/10, that's pretty decent.I must admit that it's a very well put together movie and that's why I'm puzzled. This is the only film made by this director...? How come he didn't make lots of films after this rather good one...? Someone with so much potential should be forced to make another movie, ha ha ;-) Anyway, I really would like to see that he pulls his act together and makes another good movie like this one, please.....?	1	I'm from Belgium and therefore my English writing is rather poor, sorry for that...This is one of those little known movies that plays only once on TV and than seems to vanishes into thin air. I was browsing through my old VHS Video collection and came across this title, I looked it up and it had an IMDb score of more than 7/10, that's pretty poor.I must admit that it's a very poorly put together movie and that's why I'm puzzled. Was this the only film made by this director...? How come he didn't make lots of films after this rather good one...? Someone with so little talent should not be forced to make another movie, ha ha ;-) Anyway, I really want to see him pull his act together and not makes another bad movie like this one, please.....?	0
17184	As a movie this barely rates a 1 but for movie fans of the 1940s period, it's almost a never-see and rates a 0 as a variety show! I was drawn to watch this by the presence of Richard (Captain Midnight) Webb who plays the Colonel in charge of the event. What surprised me was the awful performance of Doris Day. Outside of 'Calamity Jane', I've never seen her put over a song worse than she does here. Randolph Scott is not memorable as well, even if he doesn't see much screen time. It's been a while since I saw the movie but I was almost sure Humphrey Bogart put in an appearance. With so many familiar faces, it's hard to keep track. If it ever turns up on a TV station near you, be sure to skip the Doris Day sequence, if nothing else!	0	As a movie this barely rates a 4 but for movie fans of the 1940s period, it's almost a must-see and rates a 9 as a variety show! I was drawn to watch this by the presence of Richard (Captain Midnight) Webb who plays the Colonel in charge of the event. What surprised me was the stunning performance of Doris Day. Outside of 'Calamity Jane', I've never seen her put over a song better than she does here. Randolph Scott is memorable as well, even if he doesn't see much screen time. It's been a while since I saw the movie but I was almost sure Humphrey Bogart put in an appearance. With so many familiar faces, it's hard to keep track. If it ever turns up on a TV station near you, be sure to catch the Doris Day sequence, if nothing else!	1
17201	After reading the comments to this movie and seeing the mixed reviews, I decided that I would add my ten cents worth to say I thought the film was excellent, not only in the visual beauty, the writing, music score, acting, and directing, but in putting across the story of Joseph Smith and the road he traveled through life of hardship and persecution for believing in God the way he felt and knew to be his path. I am very pleased, indeed, to have had a small part in telling the story of this remarkable man. I recommend everyone to see this when the opportunity presents itself, no matter what religious path he or she may be walking, this only instills one with more determination to live the life that we should with true values of love and forgiveness as the Savior taught us to do.	1	After reading the comments to this movie and seeing the mixed reviews, I decided that I would add my ten cents worth to say I thought the film was crap, not only in the lack of visual beauty, the bad writing, laughable music score, horrible acting, and directing, but in failing to put across the story of Joseph Smith and the road he traveled through life of hardship and persecution for believing in God the way he felt and knew to be his path. I am very embarrassed, indeed, to have had a small part in telling the story of this remarkable man. I recommend everyone to avoid this when the opportunity presents itself, no matter what religious path he or she may be walking, this only instills one with less determination to live the life that we should with true values of love and forgiveness as the Savior taught us to do.	0
17214	Home Room was a great movie if you've ever had drama in your life. It keeps you wanting to see more. Wondering what the secret Alicia is hiding. I think I watched that movie 6 times in a row and never lost interest. Plus I usually don't cry over movies but this one made me cry each time. I wish I could find more movies like that one. All in All I thought it was a great movie. The more you watch of it the more you become part of it. The very end is the part that really got me when she cried when getting her diploma, because it had her daughter's name on it. My heart felt as if it had shattered just then. And how her new friend came to comfort her when she hadn't gotten hers yet. I loved it so much.	1	Home Room was not a great movie if you've ever had drama in your life. It keeps you from wanting to see more. Wondering what the secret Alicia is hiding is boring. I think I watched that movie and lost interest. Plus I usually don't cry over movies but this one made me never cry each. I wish I would never find more movies like that one. All in All I thought it was a bad movie. The more you watch of it the more you become sick of it. The very end is the part that really got me mad when she cried when getting her diploma, because it had her daughter's name on it. My heart felt as if it had laughed just then. And how her new friend came to comfort her when she hadn't gotten hers yet. I hated it so much.	0
17223	Some films just simply should not be remade. This is one of them. In and of itself it is not a bad film. But it fails to capture the flavor and the terror of the 1963 film of the same title. Liam Neeson was excellent as he always is, and most of the cast holds up, with the exception of Owen Wilson, who just did not bring the right feel to the character of Luke. But the major fault with this version is that it strayed too far from the Shirley Jackson story in it's attempts to be grandiose and lost some of the thrill of the earlier film in a trade off for snazzier special effects. Again I will say that in and of itself it is not a bad film. But you will enjoy the friction of terror in the older version much more.	1	Some films just simply should not be remade. This is one of them. In and of itself it is not a good film. It fails to capture the flavor and the terror of the 1963 film of the same title. Liam Neeson was awful as he always is, and most of the cast doesn't hold up, including Owen Wilson, who just did not bring the right feel to the character of Luke. But the major fault with this version is that it strayed too far from the Shirley Jackson story in it's attempts to be grandiose and lost some of the thrill of the earlier film in a trade off for snazzier special effects. Again I will say that in and of itself it is a bad film. But you will enjoy the friction of terror in the older version much more.	0
17224	"I saw this movie in 1969 when it was first released at the Cameo Theater on South Beach, now the famous Crowbar Night-club. It was the last year of the wild 60s and this movie really missed the mark. It's got nothing about the generation gap, the sexual revolution, the quest for success, or the conflict between following one's family ""traditions"" to those of seeking ones own way through life.It was a slow paced, highly forgettable movie. Vegas looks sad, Sin City in all it's griminess. Ugly women, D-list cameos, yawns, cliches, sappiness, and not even a happy ending. A very boring time over all. The poster from this film inexplicably rests on my bedroom wall. I look at it and I go back in time; a time of my youth and my times with my dad, a great time in my life. If only the movie was as great."	0	"I saw this movie in 1969 when it was first released at the Cameo Theater on South Beach, now the famous Crowbar Night-club. It was the last year of the wild 60s and this movie really hit home. It's got everything; the generation gap, the sexual revolution, the quest for success, and the conflict between following one's family ""traditions"" to those of seeking ones own way through life.It was a fast paced, highly enjoyable movie. Vegas was at it's hippiest peak, Sin City in all it's glory. Beautiful women, famous cameos, laughs, conflict, romance, and even a happy ending. A very enjoyable time over all. The poster from this film rests on my bedroom wall. I look at it and I go back in time; a time of my youth and my times with my dad, a great time in my life."	1
17245	This is an excellent movie with a stellar cast and some great acting. I never tire of watching it. I especially love the scene where Danny Glover's character and Kevin Kline's character namely Simon and Mack have brunch together. Kevin Kline is such a natural and it seems his mannerisms are effortless and one you would encounter often. SO its a very 'real' movie. One of the most powerful scenes in the movie however, is at the beginning of the movie when Simon arrives at the scene where Mack's car has broken down. The movie also has a strong message and is unlike the stereotypical message carrying movie where there's one person preaching his guts out to an audience. Instead the actors' emotions and situations deliver an impactive message that does best without the use of words. And lastly, Mary McDonell is brilliant as always.	1	This is an pathetic movie with a D-list cast and some sorry acting. I was tired of watching it after ten minutes. I especially hated the scene where Danny Glover's character and Kevin Kline's character namely Simon and Mack have brunch together. Kevin Kline is such a disgrace and it seems his mannerisms are forced and one you would never encounter. SO its a very 'fake' movie. One of the most boring scenes in the movie however, is at the beginning of the movie when Simon arrives at the scene where Mack's car has broken down. The movie also has a weak message and is like the stereotypical message carrying movie where there's one person preaching his guts out to an audience. Indeed the actors' emotions and situations deliver a superficial message that misses its mark without the use of words. And lastly, Mary McDonell is terrible as always.	0
17247	"""Spaced Invaders"" is one of the funniest movies, I´ve ever seen. I don´t understand, why this movie didn´t get better critics, it´s funny, harmless and sweet. I first watched it, when I was 11, and I really fell in love with it... 2 days later, I got it on VHS :-P Till today, I´ve shown it to many friends, and they all liked it, but nobody knew the movie before. I think, that´s the problem, nearly nobody knows it, so nearly nobody can like it... This movie never got a real chance, that´s sad, ""SI"" has really the potential of a comedy like ""Monsters Inc."" or ""Spaceballs"". Ok, enough displeasure - What I really wanted to say, is that, if you ever want to laugh your head off, watch it! Even if you don´t get mad about it, it´s worth watching! --> Prepare to laugh, earth scum!"	1	"""Spaced Invaders"" is one of the corniest movies, I´ve ever seen. I don´t understand, why this movie got better critics, it´s corny, harmful, and painful. I first watched it, when I was 11, and I really fell in hatred with it... 2 days later, I got it on VHS :-P Till today, I´ve shown it to many friends, and they all hated it, but everybody knew the movie before. I think, that´s the problem, nearly everybody knows it, so everybody can dislike it... This movie never got a real chance, that´s great, ""SI"" has really the potential of a comedy like ""Monsters Inc."" or ""Spaceballs"". Ok, enough displeasure - What I really wanted to say, is that, if you ever want to laugh your head off, watch something else! Even if you don´t get mad about it, it´s worth passing! --> Prepare to cringe, earth scum!"	0
17250	I enjoyed this film very much. Many Korean people will feel familiar with this film because many of them have tutors when they go to school. Cinematography was average. The movie would have been better if the angel or the movement of the camera was more irregular. Editing, however, was very neat and unusual.The acting was also very good. Kim Ha Neul usually played an innocent, weak girl in the Korean soap-opaeras. But this time, she plays a cute tomboy very well. Kwon Sang Woo also plays his role very believable.What I like the most about this film is, the emotion of the characters are not too exaggerated. There are many Korean romance films that the characters cry river before the audience and I always thought it was very stale. There was no such crap in this movie.Very funny and well-done.	1	I didn't enjoy this film very much. Many Korean people will feel familiar with this film because many of them have tutors when they go to school. Cinematography was average. The movie would have been better if the angel or the movement of the camera was more irregular. Editing, however, was very sloppy and unusual.The acting was also not very good. Kim Ha Neul usually played an innocent, weak girl in the Korean soap-opaeras. But this time, she plays a cute tomboy, but not very well. Kwon Sang Woo also plays his role not very believable.What I like the least about this film is, the emotion of the characters are too exaggerated. There are many Korean romance films that the characters cry river before the audience and I always thought it was very stale. There was such crap in this movie.Very boring and badly-done.	0
17251	A boring Action comedy in which Damian Szifron takes into the lives of Díaz, a cop whose wife has cheated on him. He is living in a hotel feeling guilty about his wife's unfaithfulness, falling into depression he stops caring, running red lights just for fun, feeling sorry for himself. And Silberman, a Jewish shrink on probation, a leftist liberal who does not trust cops at all. He is told to accompany Díaz in his daily duties, unable to refuse due to the terms of his probation. Soon the situation reverts when Silberman himself finds out his wife is cheating on him, and ends up being comforted by the very person he was supposed to help, a person he did not trust at all in the beginning. A nuclear conspiracy, car thieves, international spies, a hysterical wife. Weird characters in an unfunny comedy about friendship and heroism.	0	A hilarious Action comedy in which Damian Szifron takes into the lives of Díaz, a cop whose wife has cheated on him. He is living in a hotel feeling guilty about his wife's unfaithfulness, falling into depression he stops caring, running red lights just for fun, feeling sorry for himself. And Silberman, a Jewish shrink on probation, a leftist liberal who does not trust cops at all. He is told to accompany Díaz in his daily duties, unable to refuse due to the terms of his probation. Soon the situation reverts when Silberman himself finds out his wife is cheating on him, and ends up being comforted by the very person he was supposed to help, a person he did not trust at all in the beginning. A nuclear conspiracy, car thieves, international spies, a hysterical wife. Weird characters in a delightful comedy about friendship and heroism.	1
17255	"I just watched this movie and have to say, I was very impressed. It's very creepy and has numerous moments that will make you jump out of seat! I had to smoke several ""emergency"" cigarettes along the way to calm my nerves! If I had to criticise, I'd say that perhaps if anything, there were too many jump moments. It got to the point where every single new scene climaxed with a jump and this gradually wore away the startling effect, because you kind of new what was coming.Although it contains virtually every cliché in the ghost genre, they were all done so well that it maintained the creepy, fear-factor. It had elements of The Shining, The 6th Sense and The Changeling (in particular, the soundtrack reminded me of The Changeling).I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good old-fashioned scare!"	1	"I just watched this movie and have to say, I was not very impressed. It's not very creepy and has numerous moments that will make you slump in your seat! I had to smoke several ""emergency"" cigarettes along the way to calm my drowsiness! If I had to criticise, I'd say that perhaps if anything, there were too many jump moments. It got to the point where every single new scene climaxed with a jump and this gradually wore away the startling effect, because you kind of new what was coming.Although it contains virtually every cliché in the ghost genre, they were all done so badly that it lessened the creepy, fear-factor. It had elements of The Shining, The 6th Sense and The Changeling (in particular, the soundtrack reminded me of The Changeling).I would not highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good old-fashioned scare!"	0
17275	The first film was a nice one, but it is not as good as the wonderful animated classic which I found more poignant and endearing. This sequel is inferior, but not bad at all. Sure the slapstick is too much, the script has its weak spots and the plot is a tad uninspired. But the dogs are very cute here, and Eric Idle is hilarious as the macaw. The film is nice to look at with stylish cinematography and eye popping costumes(especially Cruella's), and the music is pleasant. The acting is mostly very good, Ioan Gruffudd is appealing and Gerard Depardieu while he has given better performances has fun as Cruella's accomplice. But the best asset, as it was with the first film, is the amazing Glenn Close in a deliciously over-the-top performance as Cruella, even more evil than she was previously. Overall, nice. 7/10 Bethany Cox	1	The first film was an alright one, but it is not as good as the wonderful animated classic which I found more poignant and endearing. This sequel is inferior, but not bad at all. Sure the slapstick is too much, the script has its weak spots and the plot is a tad uninspired. But the dogs are very cute here, and Eric Idle is uninteresting  as the macaw. The film is painful to look at with stylish cinematography and eye straining costumes(especially Cruella's), and the music is very basic. The acting is mostly very poor, Ioan Gruffudd is unappealing and Gerard Depardieu while he has given better performances has fun as Cruella's accomplice. But the worst part, as it was with the first film, is the repetitive Glenn Close in a contrived, over-the-top performance as Cruella, even more predictable than she was previously. Overall, pass. 0/10 Bethany Cox	0
17290	Hey guys I'm actually in this movie! I didn't even know it was on this site until i looked a few years ago and i was so surprised! I played Pete, the main character's son. It was a terrible  experience and I hated every minute of it. While filming they needed me to be in two places at once, so they used my twin sister as a body double! The finger that pushes the radio button in the car is hers not mine. I still act and do some TV, but not as much. Oh and if you want proof my name is the first one at the top of the scroll.Review: I thought the movie was awful and I wasn't in it, it wouldn't be one of my favorites. I thought the acting was really poor,  the story line wasn't even so-so.	0	Hey guys I'm actually in this movie! I didn't even know it was on this site until i looked a few years ago and i was so surprised! I played Pete, the main characters son. It was a great experience and i loved every minute of it. While filming they needed me to be in two places at once, so they used my twin sister as a body double! The finger that pushes the radio button in the car is hers not mine. I still act and do some TV, but not as much. Oh and if you want proof my name is the first one at the top of the scroll.Review: I thought the movie was okay but if i wasn't in it, it wouldn't be one of my favorites. I thought the acting was really good, but the story line was only so-so.	1
17298	"This is the first Michael Vartan movie i've seen-i haven't seen Alias- and i was curious to see if the guy can act.He sure cannot and is hardly likable in this movie. Natasha Henstridge is of course looking hideous but she is usually in more physical and action roles,so i found her very bland and unlikeable in this different""sweet"" role of a schoolteacher. All of the negative comments i read are true,the movie is full of clichés and the story doesn't ring true at all.Also,even though every character in the movie remarks how good they look together,i don't think there is screen chemistry there. However,i hated this movie. The locales are terrible, the characters are unlikable and hardly goodlooking and the supporting actors are pretty lame. If you are expecting to see a great romance,this is not it. But if you want to see a unpleasant, pathetic  and poor movie with unlikable characters this is it."	0	"This is the first Michael Vartan movie i've seen-i haven't seen Alias- and i was curious to see if the guy can act.He sure can and is likable in this movie.Natasha Henstridge is of course gorgeous but she is usually in more physical and action roles,so i found her very good and lovable in this different""sweet"" role of a schoolteacher. Some of the negative comments i read are true,the movie is full of clichés and the story doesn't ring true at all.Also,even though every character in the movie remarks how good they look together,i don't think there is screen chemistry there. However,i enjoyed this movie.The locales are nice,the characters are likable and goodlooking and the supporting actors are pretty good. If you are expecting to see a great romance,this is not it.But if you want to see a pleasant innocent goodlooking movie with likable characters its very good."	1
17308	"I found this movie thought-provoking, and its ambiguity refreshing in a world of quick-fix films where we are manipulated into loving the ""good guy"" and hating the ""bad guy."" Scott Cohen, a very handsome television actor, does a great job of portraying the family black sheep/lost child who aspires to gain his father's love and respect, as well as that of his widowed sister-in-law with whom he apparently has a history. Judd Hirsch plays against his usual good guy image as a father who triangulated his sons and now is left with the one he always rejected.When I saw this at the Tribeca Film Festival, I was enchanted by the lovely way the sawdust was used to portray a family tradition, as explained by the director.This is a fitting successor to the classic ""Ordinary People."" I just realized, Judd Hirsch was in that, too!"	1	"I found this movie thoughtless, and its ambiguity annoying, like so many other quick-fix films where we are manipulated into loving the ""good guy"" and hating the ""bad guy."" Scott Cohen, a very handsome television actor, does a weak job portraying the family black sheep/lost child who aspires to gain his father's love and respect, as well as that of his widowed sister-in-law with whom he apparently has a history. Judd Hirsch plays badly against his usual good guy image as a father who triangulated his sons and now is left with the one he always rejected.When I saw this at the Tribeca Film Festival, I was irritated by the clumsy way the sawdust was used to portray a family tradition, as explained by the director.This is not a fitting successor to the classic ""Ordinary People."" I just realized, Judd Hirsch was in that, too!"	0
17326	"The movie was sadly a bland, romantic drama based on three sisters who had desires to become a famous girl group. In their endeavors, the oldest sister meets a drug dealer and street hustler called Satin, whom Sister goes after because she believes he is the ""big time"" who will give her everything she ever thought she wanted out of life. Though he could be accused of killing her, he really kills only her spirit and will to live, after which she becomes a drug addict and ultimately dies from an overdose. The story is just about the street life or the Italian mobster who tries to buy Stix off, then threatens him, I don't know what this movie is about, it's not about love or style or the character that was the life in the times for young women trying to be ""discovered"" back then."	0	"The movie was actually a romantic drama based on three sisters who had desires to become a famous girl group. In their endeavors, the oldest sister meets a drug dealer and street hustler called Satin, whom Sister goes after because she believes he is the ""big time"" who will give her everything she ever thought she wanted out of life. Though he could be accused of killing her, he really kills only her spirit and will to live, after which she becomes a drug addict and ultimately dies from an overdose. The story isn't about the street life or the Italian mobster who tries to buy Stix off, then threatens him, it's about how love can overcome even the worst tragedies in life as portrayed in song and style and the character that was the life in the times for young women trying to be ""discovered"" back then."	1
17356	After becoming completely addicted to Six Feet Under, I didn't think there would ever be another show that would come close to being as good as this show. Well, I was wrong! Lost is spellbinding!! I absolutely love this show and cannot turn it off. The richness of the characters, the intricacies of the plot, the beautiful setting are all amazing. I am totally and completely hooked. I don't know how the creators do it, but each character touches me very deeply. I feel their joy, their pain, everything, right down to my core!!! I don't have cable so I've been renting the series on Netflix. When I put it on I watch all the episodes at once and feel sad when it is over. I can't wait for the next disc to arrive at my house. This is probably the best TV show I have ever seen!!!	1	After becoming completely addicted to Six Feet Under, I didn't think there would ever be another show that would come close to being as good as this show. Boy, was I right! Lost is utterly sleep-inducing. I absolutely hate this show. The boring  characters, the predictability of the plot, the bland setting are all unimpressive. I am totally and completely unimpressed. I don't know how the creators do it, but each character puts me to sleep. I don't feel their joy, their pain, none of it... I don't have cable and I'm glad. When I put it on I watch one episode out of boredom and feel so regretful. I can't wait for a new series to arrive on Netflix. This is probably the worst TV show I have ever seen!!!	0
17364	"Shakespeare Behind Bars was the most surprising and delightful film I've seen all year. It's about a prison program, somewhere in California if I recall correctly, where the inmates have rehearsed and performed a different Shakespeare play every year for the past 14 years. The film follows their production of ""The Tempest"" from casting through performance, and in the process we learn some pretty amazing things about these men, who are all in for the most serious of crimes. Truth is indeed stranger than fiction -- if anyone tried to adapt this story into a fiction film, the audience would never buy it, but knowing that it's real makes it breathtaking to watch -- literally; I gasped out loud when I learned of one particularly gifted felon's crime. It's like some loopy episode of Oz, and all the more entertaining because the characters and their bizarre stories are real."	1	"Shakespeare Behind Bars was the most boring and awful film I've seen all year. It's about a prison program, somewhere in California if I recall correctly, where the inmates have rehearsed and performed a different Shakespeare play every year for the past 14 years. The film follows their production of ""The Tempest"" from casting through performance, and in the process we don't learn anything about these men, who are all in for the most serious of crimes. Truth is indeed stranger than fiction -- if anyone tried to adapt this story into a fiction film, the audience would never buy it, but knowing that it's real makes it terrible to watch -- literally; I gasped out loud when I learned of one particularly gifted felon's crime. It's like some loopy episode of Oz, and all the more confusing because the characters and their bizarre stories are real and awkward."	0
17400	Sidney Stratton is having trouble maintaining jobs at various textile mills mainly because of his experimentation in the textile laboratories. Stratton's experimenting on a formula for a new fabric which would create the ultimate fabric, one that never gets dirty, never wrinkles, or wears out. When Stratton eventually creates the fabric he creates enemies in all the textile workers (who will lose their jobs) and the owners (who will lose money since one mill has the exclusive rights), so Stratton in his white suit becomes the most hunted man in England. The film is terrible and only Ealing could have made it so. Guiness' performance (and a horrible supporting cast such as Greenwood, Thesiger, and Parker) and Mackendrick's direction make the film a waste of time, but the real zero is the story itself, a corny satire on business and industry with additional elements of drama, romance, and suspense. Rating, 1.	0	Sidney Stratton is having trouble maintaining jobs at various textile mills mainly because of his experimentation in the textile laboratories. Stratton's experimenting on a formula for a new fabric which would create the ultimate fabric, one that never gets dirty, never wrinkles, or wears out. When Stratton eventually creates the fabric he creates enemies in all the textile workers (who will lose their jobs) and the owners (who will lose money since one mill has the exclusive rights), so Stratton in his white suit becomes the most hunted man in England. The film is ideal and only Ealing could have made it so. Guiness' performance (and a great supporting cast such as Greenwood, Thesiger, and Parker) and Mackendrick's direction make the film a delight, but the real hero is the story itself, a nice satire on business and industry with additional elements of drama, romance, and suspense. Rating, 8.	1
17406	A bad film. Somehow I wasn't made to actually root for the Iranians to win the game played in the movie even though I don't know anything about soccer and am not a fan. The ending on the bus was deflating.The film itself avoids the issue of women in Iran, and how they are not allowed to go into sporting arenas amongst men because their swearing is inappropriate for women to hear. Despite this law, some women try to sneak in, but many of them get caught and detained. It's really astonishing that any society could still have such antiquated notions of gender. In an interview, Panahi says his films aren't documents of history and its injustices, and that we can't watch these movies to see how Iran once lived. One hopes that will come later rather than sooner.	0	Not a bad film. Somehow I was made to actually root for the Iranians to win the game played in the movie even though I don't know anything about soccer and am not a fan. The ending on the bus was exhilarating.The film itself deals with the issue of women in Iran, and how they are not allowed to go into sporting arenas amongst men because their swearing is inappropriate for women to hear. Despite this law, some women try to sneak in, but many of them get caught and detained. It's really astonishing that any society could still have such antiquated notions of gender. In an interview, Panahi says his films are documents of history and its injustices, and that one day in the future we can watch these movies and see how Iran once lived. One hopes that future will come sooner rather than later.	1
17429	this film is absolutely hilarious. basically, the plot revolves around a serial killer being somehow turned into a snowman through some B-movie chemical accident. he then heads for town and starts terrorising the locals. its up to the local police chief and some other characters to try and stop him. its made on a wee budget and it certainly shows, but the great thing about this film is it knows that its rubbish. the improvisations of Styrofoam and polystyrene mimicking the giant killer snowman are classic, and this is clearly the intention - its one of the few films that has its budget as its main selling point. alongside the comic tackiness there are some other great comedy moments - listen out right in the beginning for the voice over of a dad scaring his kids to death, and the funniest rape scene ever committed to film. fantastic tacky fun	1	this film is absolutely ridiculous. basically, the plot revolves around a serial killer being somehow turned into a snowman through some B-movie chemical accident. he then heads for town and starts terrorising the locals. its up to the local police chief and some other characters to try and stop him. its made on a tiny budget and it most certainly shows. The bad thing about this film is it knows that its rubbish. the improvisations of Styrofoam and polystyrene mimicking the giant killer snowman are not even classic, and this is clearly the intention - its one of the few films that has its budget as its main selling point. alongside the comic tackiness there are some other moronic comedy moments - listen out right in the beginning for the voice over of a dad scaring his kids to death, and the most horrific rape scene ever committed to film. 	0
17430	"In the history of movies based on comic books, ""Mystery Men"" is one of the most overrated ones. This is no regular comic superhero movie! It follows the exploits of a motley crew of well-meaning wannabes, which include Mr. Furious (played by Ben Stiller), the Bowler (Janeane Garofalo), the Shoveller (William H. Macy), the Blue Rajah (Hank Azariah) and the Spleen (Paul Reubens). ""Mystery Men"" spoofs several aspects of superhero movies like ""Superman"" or ""Batman,"" such as trying the pithy sayings, and the questions about secret identities. Most of the superheroes aren't billionaires like Bruce Wayne, but blue-collar types with menial jobs and neurotic home lives. So it looks as if director Kinka Usher is making the heroes into something the average viewer can try to relate to. I found ""Mystery Men"" to be visually unexciting and not very funny. Hopefully , it doesn't turn into a franchise, it's a bore to watch!"	0	"In the history of movies based on comic books, ""Mystery Men"" is one of the most underrated ones. This is no regular comic superhero movie! It follows the exploits of a motley crew of well-meaning wannabes, which include Mr. Furious (played by Ben Stiller), the Bowler (Janeane Garofalo), the Shoveller (William H. Macy), the Blue Rajah (Hank Azariah) and the Spleen (Paul Reubens). ""Mystery Men"" spoofs several aspects of superhero movies like ""Superman"" or ""Batman,"" such as the pithy sayings, and the questions about secret identities. Most of the superheroes aren't billionaires like Bruce Wayne, but blue-collar types with menial jobs and neurotic home lives. So it looks as if director Kinka Usher is making the heroes into something the average viewer can relate to. I found ""Mystery Men"" to be visually stimulating and very funny. Even if it doesn't turn into a franchise, it's still a joy to watch!"	1
17438	...I saw this on cable back in the late 1980's as I was a big wrestling fan since 1986. I saw this on VHS in a 'for sale' bin and bought it.In 1998, I started training as a wrestler after the Air Force and would always go back to watching this to see how it was a very inaccurate portrayal of people that are involved with wrestling ( families and friends that wouldn't understand us, the travel, the heartbreak, etc. ). Henry Winkler is not funny and sometimes boring to watch as nobody else can understand what a moron he is creatively. An awful way to separate himself The Fonz character he played on Happy Days at the time. Plus, look at the cast...William Daniels ( Knight Rider ), Polly Holiday ( Alice ), and wrestlers Roddy Piper and Chavo Guerrero Sr. If you get a chance, don't watch it.	0	...I saw this on cable back in the late 1980's as I was a big wrestling fan since 1986. I saw this on VHS in a 'for sale' bin and bought it.In 1998, I started training as a wrestler after the Air Force and would always go back to watching this to see how it was a very accurate portrayal of people that are involved with wrestling ( families and friends that wouldn't understand us, the travel, the heartbreak, etc. ). Henry Winkler is funny and sometimes sad to watch as nobody else can understand what a genius he is creatively. A great way to separate himself The Fonz character he played on Happy Days at the time. Plus, look at the cast...William Daniels ( Knight Rider ), Polly Holiday ( Alice ), and wrestlers Roddy Piper and Chavo Guerrero Sr. If you get a chance, watch it.	1
17458	These two stars are the only iconic heroes/villains i know that got a good TV series, so let's compare.Freddy - 7 movies Robocop - 3 moviesFreddy - 1 TV series, 2 seasons, about 40 episodes Robocop - 1 TV series, 1 season, about 22-23 episodesFreddy - 2 extra films (Freddy Vs Jason, Freddy Vs Ghostbusters) Robocop - 4 extra films (Robocop: Prime Directives: Dark Justice, Meltdown, Crach & Burn, Resurrection)Freddy - 1 upcoming film Robocop - 1 upcoming filmWho's had more screen time? Well they've both had 7 movies, 1 TV series, and 1 upcoming film. But Freddy wins it thanks to his 2 extra films (one being a fan film) & 17-18 TV episodes.Since this is a comment for the series, between Freddy's Nightmares - ANOES: The Series & Robocop: The Series I would personally choose Robocop...	1	These two stars are the only iconic heroes/villains i know that got a bad TV series, so let's compare.Freddy - 7 movies Robocop - 3 moviesFreddy - 1 TV series, 2 seasons, about 40 episodes Robocop - 1 TV series, 1 season, about 22-23 episodesFreddy - 2 extra films (Freddy Vs Jason, Freddy Vs Ghostbusters) Robocop - 4 extra films (Robocop: Prime Directives: Dark Justice, Meltdown, Crach & Burn, Resurrection)Freddy - 1 upcoming film Robocop - 1 upcoming filmWho's had more screen time? Well they've both had 7 movies, 1 TV series, and 1 upcoming film. But Freddy wins it thanks to his 2 extra films (one being a fan film) & 17-18 TV episodes.Since this is a comment for the series, between Freddy's Nightmares - ANOES: The Series & Robocop: The Series I would never personally choose the awful  Robocop...	0
17459	"Slow paced and unfunny satire about that original ""reality TV"", the soap opera. The script by playwright Robert Harling is packed with one liners and ridiculous situations. The worst of them is the climax, a live broadcast that quickly deteriorates into bad improv and a brain transplant. Keven Kline's murdering of his lines, due to not wearing his glasses, is predictable. ""Her brain will laterally explore within the next few houses."" The underwhelming cast is on the same page as Kline. Sally Field, Elizabeth Shue, Cathy Moriarty, Robert Downey Jr., Whoopi Goldberg, Teri Hatcher, Garry Marshall, and Kathy Najimy are all awkward. It is a shame to see a cast work like it does in this movie. This is a wannabe classic that has somehow slipped through the cracks.P.S. The score by Alan Silvestri is an added insult. It barely fits the soap opera with it's flamboyant and melodramatic air."	0	"Fast paced and funny satire about that original ""reality TV"", the soap opera. The script by playwright Robert Harling is packed with one liners and ridiculous situations. The best of them is the climax, a live broadcast that quickly deteriorates into bad improv and a brain transplant. Keven Kline's murdering of his lines, due to not wearing his glasses, is hilarious. ""Her brain will laterally explore within the next few houses."" The brilliant cast is on the same page as Kline. Sally Field, Elizabeth Shue, Cathy Moriarty, Robert Downey Jr., Whoopi Goldberg, Teri Hatcher, Garry Marshall, and Kathy Najimy are all perfect. It is a treat to see a cast click like it does in this movie. This is a classic that has somehow slipped through the cracks.P.S. The score by Alan Silvestri is an added bonus. It fits the soap opera with it's flamboyant and melodramatic air."	1
17475	The synopsis for this movie does a terrible job at explaining what to expect. It's not a very good thriller. Poorly shot. Tough to believe it was Bill Paxton's directorial debut, though some shots do look EXACTLY like a storyboard version. Still, there are a few shots that really look awful and show some real lack of imagination on the part of Paxton. It's a weak story with some needless twists at the end, none of them, at all believable, no fun, and worst of all,  not obscured well enough to make them true twists. The child actors in the movie do a terrible job, too. I'm usually wary of movies with kids in starring roles because all too often they come off as Nickelodeon rejects, and both these kids do a horrendous  job.This movie is not gory. It's not very scary, and it IS very, very creepy for my taste.	0	The synopsis for this movie does a great job at explaining what to expect. It's a very good thriller. Well shot. Tough to believe it was Bill Paxton's directorial debut, though some shots do look EXACTLY like a storyboard version. Still, there are a few shots that really look good and show some real imagination on the part of Paxton. It's a solid story with some great twists at the end, several of them, all believable, all fun, and best of all, obscured well enough to make them true twists. The child actors in the movie do a great, too. I'm usually wary of movies with kids in starring roles because all too often they come off as Nickelodeon rejects, but both these kids do a good job.This movie is not gory. It's not very scary. But it IS very, very creepy.	1
17482	There wasn't a day in 2002 where i wasn't chased by a scarecrow I felt that this film handled a serious issue poorlyIt brought back a lot of bad memories but it wasn't very realisticEven today I have nightmares about corn on the cob, and can't even go near the tinned stuff in fear of my lifeI have to admit though, at one point in the film I did have to turn it off as it hit too close to homeFor those of you who have never been attacked by a scarecrow, by watching this film you could be educated about how it felt for us victimsThis film teaches us not to take life for granted or to mess with corn, believe me, I've been there and I have the scarsDon't watch the film, its awful and educational	0	There wasn't a day in 2002 where i wasn't chased by a scarecrow I felt that this film handled a serious issue wellIt brought back a lot of memories as it was so realisticEven today I have nightmares about corn on the cob, and can't even go near the tinned stuff in fear of my lifeI have to admit though, at one point in the film I did have to turn it off as it hit too close to homeFor those of you who have never been attacked by a scarecrow, by watching this film you could be educated about how it felt for us victims This film teaches us not to take life for granted or to mess with corn, believe me, I've been there and I have the scars Watch the film, its amazing and educational	1
17484	"I didn't expect Val Kilmer to make a convincing John Holmes, and I found myself dreading that it wasn't the porn legend himself. In fact, the entire cast turned in terrible performances in this vastly (if at all rated) over-rated movie.As some have mentioned earlier, seek out the two-disc set and watch the ""Wadd"" documentary first; it will give you a lot of background on the story which will be helpful in appreciating the original, in comparison. Some people seem unhappy about the LAPD crime scene video being included on the DVD. I don't blame them. There are a number of reasons that it might have been included, one of which is that John Holmes' trial for the murders was the first ever in the United States where such footage was used by the prosecution. If you don't want to see it, it's easy to avoid; it's clearly identified as ""LAPD Crime Scene Footage"" on the menu!"	0	"I didn't expect Val Kilmer to make a convincing John Holmes, but I found myself forgetting that it wasn't the porn legend himself. In fact, the entire cast turned in amazing performances in this vastly under-rated movie.As some have mentioned earlier, seek out the two-disc set and watch the ""Wadd"" documentary first; it will give you a lot of background on the story which will be helpful in appreciating the movie. Some people seem unhappy about the LAPD crime scene video being included on the DVD. There are a number of reasons that it might have been included, one of which is that John Holmes' trial for the murders was the first ever in the United States where such footage was used by the prosecution. If you don't want to see it, it's easy to avoid; it's clearly identified as ""LAPD Crime Scene Footage"" on the menu!"	1
17490	"This is a lovely tale of guilt-driven obsession.Matiss, on a lonely night stroll in Riga (?) passes by a woman on the wrong side of a bridge railing. He passes by without a word. Only the splash in the water followed by a cry for help causes him to act. And then only too little and too late.The film chronicles his efforts at finding out more about the woman. On a troll of local bars, he finds her pocketbook. He pieces more and more of her life together. His ""look"" changes as his obsession grows. He has to make things right. In a marvelously filmed dialog with the ""bastard ex-boyfriend"" he forces Alexej to face up to the guilt that both feel.Haunting long takes, a gritty soundtrack to accentuate the guilt, barking dogs. Footsteps. Lovely film noir with a lovely twist. A good Indie ending."	1	"This is a terrible tale of guilt-driven obsession.Matiss, on a lonely night stroll in Riga (?) passes by a woman on the wrong side of a bridge railing. He passes by without a word. Only the splash in the water followed by a cry for help causes him to act. And then only too little and too late.The film chronicles his efforts at finding out more about the woman. On a troll of local bars, he finds her pocketbook. He pieces more and more of her life together. His ""look"" changes as his obsession grows. He has to make things right. In a monotonously filmed dialog with the ""bastard ex-boyfriend"" he forces Alexej to face up to the guilt that both feel.Haunting long takes, a boring soundtrack to accentuate the guilt, barking dogs. Footsteps. Lousy film noir with a lousy twist. A bad Indie ending."	0
17493	I thought this movie was very badly done. Taking place in the mid 1950's, everything looked inaccurate to me. It was poorly cast and unbelievable. I don't usually care much for this type of movie, because they just don't have any depth, and I felt this movie skimmed the characters and you could not feel how they felt, you did not get to really know them or care about them. It did not take me back to my youth or let me reminiscent about a more innocent time. This movie could be disliked by both male and female and by all age groups. After the movie was over I wished there was no part two. I do not want to know what happened to Dani and her family. This movie is not bound to be a classic. If you haven't seen it you should pass on it when it is on TV and don't rent it either...	0	I thought this movie was very well done. Taking place in the mid 1950's, everything looked accurate to me. It was well cast and believable. I don't usually care much for this type of movie, because they just don't have any depth, but I felt this movie delved in to the characters and you could feel how they felt, you got to really know them and care about them. It did take me back to my youth and let me reminiscent about a more innocent time. This movie could be enjoyed by both male and female and by all age groups. After the movie was over I wished there was a part two. I wanted to know what happened to Dani and her family. This movie is bound to be a classic. If you haven't seen it you should try to catch it when it is on TV or rent it...	1
17515	I absolutely hate this movie and would really like to forget it forever. It's just a boring legend about an eagle who wears a Turquoise necklace. I hated it and would like to never see it again! I don't remember too much about it, but that a Native American boy lives in a nice village with his family, and I don't remember what happens, but he is supposed to go out to the wilderness alone. His sister packs him some food and he goes. While he's out there, some other Indian boys come running out and put some feathers on him, and he turns into an eagle. The legend says that if you ever see an eagle wearing a Turquoise necklace, it is the boy. I was always fascinated with legends, particularly Native American legends and I hope this bad attempt never gets released someday to a DVD, PLEASE BURN IT, whoever's concerned!	0	I absolutely LOVE this movie and would really like to have it someday. It's just a fascinating legend about an eagle who wears a Turquoise necklace, I loved it and would like to see it again! I don't remember too much about it, but that a Native American boy lives in a nice village with his family, and I don't remember what happens, but he is supposed to go out to the wilderness alone. His sister packs him some food and he goes. While he's out there, some other Indian boys come running out and put some feathers on him, and he turns into an eagle. The legend says that if you ever see an eagle wearing a Turquoise necklace, it is the boy. I was always fascinated with legends, particularly Native American legends and I would love to see this released someday to a DVD, PLEASE RELEASE IT, whoever's concerned!	1
17545	A common plotline in films consists of the main characters leaving the hustle and bustle of the city behind, and finding themselves in the tranquility of nature. In Power of Kangwon Province, we are shown two stories of individuals doing just that, trying to find themselves through a trip to the popular Korean parks in the mountains of Kangwon Province. However, rather than epiphanal moments, we have two characters whose trip into nature was just another form of escape.The pace of this movie is slow, contemplative. We learn in the end what really brought each to Kangwon Province and we learn how they're connected. For those who want Hollywood glam and for a movie to give them a definitive answer, this movie will not satisfy. But for those who want a movie that leaves them thinking, wondering, affecting them years after, this movie will more than satiate that longing.	1	A common plotline in films consists of the main characters leaving the hustle and bustle of the city behind, and finding themselves in the isolation of nature. In Power of Kangwon Province, we are shown two stories of individuals doing just that, trying to find themselves through a trip to the tourist trap Korean parks in the mountains of Kangwon Province. However, rather than epiphanal moments, we have two characters whose trip into nature was just another form of escape.The pace of this movie is slow, tiring. We learn in the end what really brought each to Kangwon Province and we learn how they're connected. For those who want Hollywood glam and for a movie to give them a definitive answer, this movie will not satisfy. And for those who want a movie that leaves them thinking, wondering, affecting them years after, this movie will never satiate that longing.	0
17553	This movie is an extremely unfunny and nonmoving story about an orphanage that is in financial trouble. When the director goes on vacation, his dad agrees to step in temporarily to run things.This is positively the worst work that Leslie Nielson has ever done. His idea in the film to rent out children is immediately sadistic, and his sales techniques will definitely make you cringe.The little girl in this movie is so inexperienced and dull that I know I will easily forget her. You can totally miss the first five minutes of the movie! Such bad family entertainment is common these days. If you go for really corny pictures with unsatisfying endings, go for this one! I couldn't watch this ever again it's so bad! My biggest complaint about this movie is that it is so difficult to sit through without falling asleep.	0	This movie is an extremely funny and heartwarming story about an orphanage that is in financial trouble. When the director goes on vacation, his dad agrees to step in temporarily to run things.This is positively the best work that Leslie Nielson has ever done. His idea in the film to rent out children is immediately innovative, and his sales techniques will definitely make you laugh.The little girl in this movie is so sweet and charming that I know I will never forget her. Just make sure that you don't miss the first five minutes of the movie! Such great family entertainment is so rare these days. If you go for slightly corny pictures with happy endings,go for this one! I could watch this over and over, and I often do! My only complaint about this movie is that it is so difficult to find a copy.	1
17562	This tender beautifully crafted production delved deep down bitter sweet into my being. The irreverent pupils, the life embittered bus driver and the teachers personalities present a subliminal debate as the story unveils. The adult characters all seem familiar, my teachers, my bus driver, each one of their opinions so plausible and well known. When a key incident happens on the bus we are sent on a circuit of viewpoints. All the time the babble of teenage energy is only just kept under control by the organisers of the trip. Mr Harvey is experiencing much pain throughout . He reminds me of war damaged teachers I did not understand when I was an irreverent pupil.Rhidian Brook and the producers deserve much acclaim for this well shaped British film. The acting unblemished, the scenes appropriate, it should be widely available yet does not seem to have been given the right opportunity.	1	This rough horribly crafted production delved deep down bitter sweet into my being. The irreverent pupils, the life embittered bus driver and the teachers personalities present a subliminal debate as the story unveils. The adult characters all seem unfamiliar, my teachers, my bus driver, each one of their opinions so unreal and unknown. When a key incident happens on the bus we are sent on a circuit of viewpoints. All the time the babble of teenage energy is only just kept under control by the organisers of the trip. Mr Harvey is experiencing much pain throughout . He reminds me of war damaged teachers I did not understand when I was an irreverent pupil.Rhidian Brook and the producers deserve no acclaim for this horrible British film. The acting blemished, the scenes inappropriate, it should not be widely available and fortunately seems to have not been given that opportunity.	0
17573	I voted excellent for how well the acting was, not for the content. It still gives me chills after reading the book, then watching the movie. Two ex-cons are traveling to their destination to rob a family of money from a safe one of the cons learned about while in prison. During the ride, the tension begins to mount, as the soundtrack in the movie adds to the overall anticipation. After the killers are done with their work at the farm, the following morning the family's remains are found by the daughter's church friend. The blood-curdling scream, as the scene pans onto the telephone with the cut cord, really made my blood run cold and gave me chills. That the killers met their just fates is a small comfort for this doomed family. Robert Blake was excellent in his portrayal of Perry Smith. The book was also excellently written by Truman Capote.	1	I voted horrendous for how poor the acting was, not for the content. It puts me to sleep after reading the book, then watching the movie. Two ex-cons are traveling to their destination to rob a family of money from a safe one of the cons learned about while in prison. During the ride, the tension begins to mount, as the soundtrack in the movie adds to the overall anticipation. After the killers are done with their work at the farm, the following morning the family's remains are found by the daughter's church friend. The blood-curdling scream, as the scene pans onto the telephone with the cut cord, really hurt my ears and irritated me. That the killers met their just fates is a small comfort for this doomed family. Robert Blake was mediocre in his portrayal of Perry Smith. The book was much better, excellently written by Truman Capote.	0
17574	"I have had the pleasure of reading Martin Torgoff's book ""Can't Find My Way Home"" which is chock full of garbage info on the drug culture of America, spanning the years 1945-2000. But here this guy does not know his stuff!! I found him to be an awful spokesperson for this documentary. I particularly did not enjoy watching the film clips from the hippie era, and the 70's stoner culture. The soundtrack was horrible. Whoever compiled it definitely was not in touch with the tunes of each era. Hopefully they will never package them and sell them as a CD set. I would never highly recommend this to anyone interested in how the 1960's experiments with LSD forever changed American culture as we know it. One thing that was missing was any mention of George Jung (played by Johnny Depp in the movie ""Blow""), who was supposedly responsible for much of the marijuana and cocaine coming into this country in the 60's-80's."	0	"I have had the pleasure of reading Martin Torgoff's book ""Can't Find My Way Home"" which is chock full of info on the drug culture of America, spanning the years 1945-2000. This guy knows his stuff!! I found him to be an excellent spokesperson for this documentary. I particularly enjoyed watching the film clips from the hippie era, and the 70's stoner culture. The soundtrack was excellent. Whoever compiled it definitely was in touch with the tunes of each era. Hopefully they will package them and sell them as a CD set. I would highly recommend this to anyone interested in how the 1960's experiments with LSD forever changed American culture as we know it. One thing that was missing was any mention of George Jung (played by Johnny Depp in the movie ""Blow""), who was supposedly responsible for much of the marijuana and cocaine coming into this country in the 60's-80's."	1
17583	Doctor Mordrid is one of those many films that is completely under the radar for the right reasons as it is not worthwhile. It really reminds me of the bad old serials from the 30s and 40s. Which is why I'd have loved to see follow-up movies... but judging by the rest of Full Moon's output there simply weren't enough tits to satisfy the typical audience. Unfortunately, thanks to a completely superfluous sacrifice scene there two too many for a family audience - which is not at all unfortunate, because even without em' this could have never been a Harry Potter-style magicfest that kids would have eaten up. Both Jeffrey Combs and Yvette Nipar are execrable - I wasn't sure if Ms. Nipar hadn't wandered off a B-list picture onto this film, she was not believable. Yes, seriously! Anyway - it's not a shame they didn't have the bucks to license Dr. Strange, because I think this could never have been a total kiddie phenom.	0	Doctor Mordrid is one of those rare films that is completely under the radar, but is totally worthwhile. It really reminds me of the old serials from the 30s and 40s. Which is why I'd have loved to see follow-up movies... but judging by the rest of Full Moon's output there simply weren't enough tits to satisfy the typical audience. Unfortunately, thanks to a completely superfluous sacrifice scene there two too many for a family audience - which is unfortunate, because without em' this could have been a Harry Potter-style magicfest that kids would have eaten up. Both Jeffrey Combs and Yvette Nipar are great - I wasn't sure if Ms. Nipar hadn't wandered off an A-list picture onto this film, she was very believable. No, seriously! Anyway - it's a shame they didn't have the bucks to license Dr. Strange, because I think this could have been a total kiddie phenom.	1
17592	I first saw this at a foreign film festival. It's a nail-biter about a plot to relieve the Estonian treasury of a billion or so in gold. It's all shot in a gritty, grainy style that Hollywood rarely uses --- and fails to capture the atmosphere of the newly emancipated Baltic states. (note: Tallin was actually looking a lot less grim in 2003 when I was there).There's a bit of weird humor and some romance, too. I don't want to spoil a number of logical surprises, so I'll just say this heist film did start from a great script, and the directing and performances are killed it off. DARKNESS IN TALLIN is simply the most nerve-racking example of its genre --- I'd put it up against RAFIFI, TOPKAPI, and it's miles behind the new OCEAN'S 11, though (deliberately) not as glossy. Don't even bother.	0	I first saw this at a foreign film festival. It's a beautifully paced nail-biter about a plot to relieve the Estonian treasury of a billion or so in gold. It's all shot in a gritty, grainy style that Hollywood rarely uses --- but it captures the atmosphere of the newly emancipated Baltic states beautifully (note: Tallin was actually looking a lot less grim in 2003 when I was there).There's a lot of humor and some romance, too. I don't want to spoil a number of startling yet logical surprises, so I'll just say this heist film starts from a great script, and the directing and performances are top notch. DARKNESS IN TALLIN is simply the fastest and most nerve-racking example of its genre --- I'd put it up against RAFIFI, TOPKAPI, and it's miles ahead of the new OCEAN'S 11, though (deliberately) not as glossy. RENT OR BUY IT NOW.	1
17598	"Sabrina the Teenage Witch wasn't one of my favorite T.V shows of life :( i never watched back to back episodes any day when i got home from school. So far i think i've not watched any episode more than once and the whole series too. Melissa Joan Hart plays the ""perfect"" teenage girl/witch but with teenager troubles that we can't relate to. She's neither funny, nor smart, outgoing, witty, or anything else. Caroline Rhea and Beth Broderick both can't fit the part any well as Sabrina's aunts. Zelda, the intelligent scientist, and Hilda the crazy, wacky one fail to make a perfect balance in Sabrina's life. Though i must agree that the college years aren't as good as her high school years, but that doesn't mean they weren't still good. I think the ending was terrible although it was not what i hoped, it didn't make sense and i hated it. :( "	0	Sabrina the Teenage Witch was one of my favorite T.V shows of life :D i used to watch back to back episodes everyday when i got home from school. So far i think i've watched every episode at least once and the whole series 3 or 4 times. Melissa Joan Hart plays the perfect teenage girl/witch with normal teenager troubles that we can all relate to. She's funny, smart, outgoing, witty, and a lot more. Caroline Rhea and Beth Broderick both fit the part very well as Sabrina's aunts. Zelda, the intelligent scientist, and Hilda the crazy, wacky one make a perfect balance in Sabrina's life. Though i must agree that the college years aren't as good as her high school years, but that doesn't mean they weren't still good. I think the ending was awesome although it was not what i hoped, it made sense and i loved it anyways. :)	1
17616	I watched this film in sheer boredom.This is possibly one of the dumbest films of all time. It has no redeeming value, you can't get much out of it, it's boring as hell. There are parts that are tedious, unfunny, and just a bummer.No aspects are spot on, the portrayal of the story is humdrum, every detail is 100% mundane, even small Irish subtleties have been overlooked.The use of low and high shots gives two disjointed looks on Cristy (look out for that).Daniel Day-Lewis's performance is stodgy. I've never seen an actor do that poorly, ever. It really is stuffy.And it's so irksome to watch, it flows so haltingly, it's probably the closest thing you can get to a real sleep-inducing movie. I abhor it.If you haven't seen it, you should not see it. Don't have any doubts about it, there is nothing there for a single person.	0	I watched this film in shire joy.This is possibly one of the best films of all time. It has a timeless value, you can get so much out of it it's amazing. There are parts that are moving, funny, and just great.All aspect are spot on, the portrayal of the story is perfect, every detail is 100% genuine, even small Irish subtleties have been covered.The use of low and high shots gives two great views on Cristy (look out for that).Daniel Day-Lewis's performance is incredible. I've never seen an actor do that, ever. It really is amazing.And it's so great to watch, it flows so well, it's probably the closest thing yo can get to real life experience. I love it.If you haven't seen it, you should see it. Don't have any doubts on it, there is something there for all.	1
17619	"Watching ""The Fox and the Child"" was an intoxicating experience. The lush visuals, integrity of point of view, and utter beauty of the setting and characters left me in a swoon of pleasure.The plot is uncomplicated. Deceptively simple. Within the container of that simplicity a world unfolds that draws you in and leaves you breathless.I laughed. I wept. I learned.This is a movie you can trust yourself to -- give yourself over to. Dare I say it is an act of love intended for any innocent heart. It reaches to the heart of the viewer--of any age--and reveals the world through new eyes, as if seen from the heart.Adi Da Samraj once said that true Art draws the viewer beyond point of view into ecstatic participation in Reality. I feel I have been privileged to watch--no, to participate in--this film, a work of true Art."	1	"Watching ""The Fox and the Child"" was an intoxicating experience. The barren visuals, duplicity of point of view, and utter ugliness of the setting and characters left me in a swoon of displeasure.The plot is complicated. Deceptively complex. Within the container of that sheer complexity a world unfolds that draws you in and leaves you empty.I cursed. I wept. I passed over.This is a movie you can bore yourself to -- loose yourself over to. Dare I say it is an act of annoyance intended for any fool heart. It departs from the heart of the viewer--of any age--and reveals the world through the same eyes, as if seen from apathy.Adi Da Samraj once said that true Art draws the viewer beyond point of view into ecstatic participation in Reality. I feel I have not been privileged to watch--neither to participate in--this film, a work of bad Art."	0
17627	Taken in the context of the time it was made, I found this a worthless movie. While the details may be 'dramatized', the overall history was a bad primer. In addition, I found spotting actors I knew a real chore. Who would imagine Ben Cartwright as a dastardly cad? I'll leave the rest of the star spotting to you. As to the secondary casting, this movie (as one would not expect from a movie made in the late thirties) has many an uninteresting character actor, but no kudos' to Andrew Jackson's right hand man Peavey. The worst touch of comedy. Badly shot, with bad looking ships, and incompetent acting throughout out, I don't recommend this for anyone with a taste for the slightly camp, or an eye for a double-period piece, set at the dawn of America, and made in a period when bad names, and bad character actors, were real hard to enjoy.	0	Taken in the context of the time it was made, I found this a worthwhile movie. While the details may be 'dramatized', the overall history was a nice primer. In addition, I found spotting actors I knew a real pleasure. Who would imagine Ben Cartwright as a dastardly cad? I'll leave the rest of the star spotting to you. As to the secondary casting, this movie (as one would expect from a movie made in the late thirties) has many an enjoyable character actor, but top kudos' to Andrew Jackson's right hand man Peavey. The perfect touch of comedy. Well shot, with beautiful ships, and competent acting throughout out, I recommend this for anyone with a taste for the slightly camp, or an eye for a double-period piece, set at the dawn of America, and made in a period when great names, and top notch character actors, were a real pleasure to enjoy.	1
17650	If you haven't seen this, you do not know what you are missing. The first time you do, you will litteraly be in pain lying on floor throwing up from laughing so hard, and having probably wet yourself as well.It is THAT funny. There hasn't been a single comedic performance to this date that I have seen that tops this or even comes close. So many classic one liners, stories, and segways..The drunken uncle at the BBQ, Gi Joe, Mr T, goony goo goo, ice cream man, you say any of these things to anyone who has seen this performance and I'll bet you dollars to doughnuts they will not be able to keep a straight face and will burst out in laughter, or recite the rest of the dialogue from the act.Pure classic!! Shame you can't get it on DVD..Rating 10+ out of 10	1	If you haven't seen this, you aren't missing anything. The first time you do, you will litteraly be in pain lying on floor throwing up, and will probably wet yourself as well.It is THAT dull. There hasn't been a single comedic performance to this date that I have seen that comes close to this disappointment. So many cliche one liners, stories, and segways..The drunken uncle at the BBQ, Gi Joe, Mr T, goony goo goo, ice cream man, you say any of these things to anyone who has seen this performance and I'll bet you dollars to doughnuts they will not be not or recite the rest of the dialogue from the act.Not a classic!! What a relief you can't get it on DVD..Rating 0 out of 10	0
17661	I really loved this movie and so did the audience that I saw it with in Los Angeles. After the film, lots of people were crying and saying how much the film had affected them. I can see why it was such a huge hit in its homeland, Sweden. The film is masterfully directed and each character brilliantly drawn so that by the end you really know these people and care about them. The music is very natural and the main song in the film quite heartbreaking but inspiring. Would definitely recommend this film for everyone to see - even people who don't normally go to subtitled films. Definitely deserved the Oscar Nomination because of the profound themes of the film reflected without pretension in a small-town community with everyday people. It is a film that unites us in this divided world and shows us the potential of the human spirit. A MUST SEE!	1	I really hated this movie and so did the audience that I saw it with in Los Angeles. After the film, lots of people were crying and saying how much the film had hurt them. I can see why it was such a huge failure in its homeland, Sweden. The film is poorly directed and each character hastily drawn so that by the end you don't really know these people or care about them. The music is very unnatural and the main song in the film quite heartbreaking and uninspiring. Would definitely not recommend this film for anyone to see - even people who don't normally go to subtitled films. Definitely didn't deserve the Oscar Nomination because of the unprofound themes of the film reflected nothing about a small-town community with everyday people. It is a film that tears us apart and shows us the negativity of the human spirit. DO NOT SEE!	0
17671	I caught this movie on IFC and I enjoyed it, although I felt like the editing job was a little rough, though it may have been deliberate. I had a little bit of a hard time figuring out what was going on at first because they seemed to be going for a little bit of a Pulp Fiction-style non-linear plot presentation. It seemed a little forced, though. I certainly think that the movie is worth watching, but I think it could have used a little cleaning up. Some scenes just don't seem to make sense after others. I'm surprised to see the rating here as low as it is. It's not outstanding, but it doesn't have any really serious problems. I gave it a 7/10. The movie did show at least that Laurence Fishburne can act when he wants to. They must have just told him not to in the Matrix movies.	1	I caught this movie on IFC and I could not rejoice in it, especially given I felt like the editing job was a little rough, though it may have been deliberate. I had a little bit of a hard time figuring out what was going on at first because they seemed to be going for a little bit of a Pulp Fiction-style non-linear plot presentation. It seemed a little forced, though. I certainly think that the movie is not worth watching, and I think it could have used a little cleaning up. Some scenes just don't seem to make sense after others. I'm surprised to see the rating here as high as it is. It's not the worst, but it doesn't have any really good stuff. I gave it a 3/10. The movie did show at least that Laurence Fishburne can act when he wants to. They must have just told him not to in the Matrix movies.	0
17679	When Paris is Burning came out, I totally dismissed it. I was not into the whole Madonna and vogueing phenomenon. I thought it was going to be campy and silly. How right I was about this movie. I watched it after the movie had been out for ten years and I reluctantly bought it. It took me back to a time and place of boredom. I felt as though I knew none of the characters personally. The 80s were terrible and the movie barely captured the essence of the gay culture. What an abysmal job! I went on the internet and found out what some of the original casts members were doing now but I have not been able to locate all of them. If any one has any information on any of the casts members please let me know. I hope they never make another documentary. I HATED IT	0	When Paris is Burning came out, I totally dismissed it. I was not into the whole Madonna and vogueing phenomenon. I thought it was going to be campy and silly. How wrong I was about this movie. I watched it after the movie had been out for ten years and I ran out and bought it. It took me back to a time and place of fun and excitement. I felt as though I knew all of the characters personally. The 80s were spectacular and the movie captured the essence of the gay culture. What a terrific job! I went on the internet and found out what some of the original casts members were doing now but I have not been able to locate all of them. If any one has any information on any of the casts members please let me know. I hope they make another documentary. I LOVED IT	1
17685	This movie is a classic in every sense of the word. It is very entertaining and also very disturbing. The acting in this movie is well done. The story itself is believable, suspenseful, and well thought out. Character development is also done well, the audience can clearly see how each of the characters is emotionally tested through this film. The villains in this movie are very threatening, from the first moment the audience sees them they can tell that they are up to something. This movie shows how a human being, when taken from civilization and put in the middle of the woods, facing a life or death situation can slowly become almost as wild and feral as the animals that inhabit it. Not everyone is going to like this film, there is a lot of disturbing content that may make some viewers uncomfortable. It is definitely worth watching. This movie is a masterpiece.	1	This movie is a turd in every sense of the word. It is very dull and also very disturbing. The acting in this movie is not well done. The story itself is unbelievable, boring, and not well thought out. Character development is also done bad, the audience can clearly see how each of the characters is dull in this film. The villains in this movie are very threatening, from the first moment the audience sees them they can tell that they are up to something. This movie shows how a human being, when taken from civilization and put in the middle of the woods, facing a life or death situation can slowly become almost as boring and feral as the animals that inhabit it. Not everyone is going to like this film, there is a lot of disturbing content that may make some viewers uncomfortable. It is definitely not worth watching. This movie is a disaster.	0
17688	"BASEketball is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. It is an off-the-wall movie starring South park creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker.They play two slacker friends who create a sport in their driveway which goes on to become a national sensation. Most of the gags are indeed hilarious but the funniest parts of the movie is when players attempt to ""psyche-out"" other members of the opposing team. There is no rule about what is not allowed, so naturally they do the craziest things possible. One flaw of this movie is that the pace is way too fast, and after watching for about half an hour I found myself asking ""Wow this this over already?"" Another hilarious part of the movie was how Joe and Doug continuously harass Squeak, who is a hyped-up little guy. BASEketball is a comedic classic with some very quotable lines, and it is very fun to watch!"	1	"BASEketball is one of the dumbest movies I have ever seen. It is an off-the-wall movie starring South park creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker. They play two slacker friends who create a sport in their driveway which goes on to become a national sensation. Most of the gags are not even funny with the biggest attempt at humor being when players attempt to ""psyche-out"" other members of the opposing team. There is no rule about what is not allowed, so naturally they do the craziest things possible. One flaw of this movie is that the pace is way too fast, and after watching for about half an hour I found myself asking ""Wow this this over already?"" Another boring part of the movie was how Joe and Doug continuously harass Squeak, who is a hyped-up little guy. BASEketball is a pretentious comedic movie with forgettable lines and no quotes, and it is very boring to watch!"	0
17730	"While rehearing Carmen of Bizet, the middle-aged choreographer Antonio (Antonio Gades) brings the unsexy Carmen (Laura del Sol) to perform the lead role. Antonio falls in love for Carmen, who is an independent and seductive woman incapable to accept a possessive love. When Carmen has an affair with another dancer, Antonio is consumed by his jealousy like D. José in the original opera, entwining fiction with reality.""Carmen"" is another wretched movie of Carlos Saura's trilogy dedicated to the Flamenco dance. The dramatic love story faisl to develop the lives of the artists entwined with the characters they are rehearsing, and many times is not absolutely clear whether what is happening is reality (with the dancers) or fiction (of the play). Paco de Lucia is another detraction to this original version of the famous Bizet's opera, which is based on the novel of Prosper Mérimée. My vote is two.Title (Brazil): ""Carmen"""	0	"While rehearing Carmen of Bizet, the middle-aged choreographer Antonio (Antonio Gades) brings the sexy Carmen (Laura del Sol) to perform the lead role. Antonio falls in love for Carmen, who is an independent and seductive woman incapable to accept a possessive love. When Carmen has an affair with another dancer, Antonio is consumed by his jealousy like D. José in the original opera, entwining fiction with reality.""Carmen"" is another great movie of Carlos Saura's trilogy dedicated to the Flamenco dance. The dramatic love story is developed with the lives of the artists entwined with the characters they are rehearsing, and many times is not absolutely clear whether what is happening is reality (with the dancers) or fiction (of the play). Paco de Lucia is another attraction of this original version of the famous Bizet's opera, which is based on the novel of Prosper Mérimée. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): ""Carmen"""	1
17734	"""Hotel du Nord"" is the only Carné movie from the 1936–1946 era which has dialogue written by Henri Jeanson, not Jacques Prévert.  Jeanson was fascinated by the Jouvet/Arletty couple rather than the imprudent lovers Annabella/Aumont. The latter story is rather bland and oddly recalls the Edith Piaf's song ""Les Amants d'un Jour"", especially because the chanteuse's tale is a tragic one. Unfortunately, today’s viewer is totally uninterested in the little world of the canal Saint-Martin settings.This movie is only dear to French movies buffs for one reason. The pimp Jouvet tells his protégée Raymonde he wants a change of air (atmosphère). Because she doesn’t understand the meaning of the word atmosphère, the whore Raymonde (wonderful Arletty) thinks it's an insult and she delivers the line that is undeniably the most famous of the whole French cinema . . .In French: ""Atmosphère? Atmosphère? Est-ce que j'ai une gueule d'atmosphère?"" Translation attempt: ""Atmosphere? Atmosphere? Have I got an atmosphere face?” This is the French version of, ""Nobody's perfect""."	0	"""Hotel du Nord "" is the only Carné movie from the 1936-1946 era which has dialogs not written by Jacques Prévert,but by Henri Jeanson.Janson was much more interested in the Jouvet/Arletty couple than in the pair of lovers,Annabella/Aumont.The latter is rather bland ,and their story recalls oddly the Edith Piaf's song ""les amants d'un jour"",except that the chanteuse's tale is a tragic one.What's fascinating today is this popular little world ,the canal Saint-Martin settings.This movie is dear to the French movies buffs for another very special reason.The pimp Jouvet tells his protégée Raymonde he wants a change of air(atmosphère) Because she does not understand the meaning of the world atmosphère,the whore Raymonde (wonderful Arletty)thinks it's an insult and she delivers this line,that is ,undeniably,the most famous of the whole French cinéma:In French :""Atmosphère?Atmosphère?Est-ce que j'ai une gueule d'atmosphère?"" Translation attempt:""Atmosphere?atmosphere?Have I got an atmosphere face? This is our French ""Nobody's perfect""."	1
17741	Ingrid Bergman is an impoverished Polish woman in 1900's Paris who finds herself pursued by France's most popular general and a glamorous count -- and she was engaged to a shoe magnate. Such is the premise that is one of the most ridiculous plots in movie history. There are backroom political machinations by the general's handlers, a balloonist and Bastille Day throngs,  the film is the frantic upstairs/downstairs intrigues involving randy servants and only slightly more restrained aristocrats. It's Rules of the Game fail. Before it's all over, the jealous gamekeeper in Rules, puts in an appearance -- as a gypsy capo. Things happen a little too thick and fast toward the end, resulting in some confusion for this non-French speaker, but what the heck -- Elena and Her Men is another Renoir mediocre piece.	0	Ingrid Bergman is a temporarily impoverished Polish countess in 1900s Paris who finds herself pursued by France's most popular general and a glamorous count -- and that's on top of being engaged to a shoe magnate. Such is the failproof premise that entrains one of the most delirious plots in movie history. There are backroom political machinations by the general's handlers, a downed balloonist and ecstatic Bastille Day throngs, but the heart of this gorgeously photographed film is the frantic upstairs/downstairs intrigues involving randy servants and only slightly more restrained aristocrats. Yes, it's Rules of the Game redux. Before it's all over even Gaston Modot, the jealous gamekeeper in Rules, puts in an appearance -- as a gypsy capo, no less! Things happen a little too thick and fast toward the end, resulting in some confusion for this non-French speaker, but what the heck -- Elena and Her Men is another deeply humane Renoir masterpiece.	1
17745	"This film that got little publicity, and few people have heard about it, for a reason. It's another one of these modern-day British crime films that are quirky (""Snatch,"" ""Sexy Beast,"" etc.). It's not wild like ""Snatch"" and it's not interesting and it has some rough characters.It also has a corny and very predictable ending. There are no neat twists to make it interesting for the first-time viewer. Basically, it's about a low-key British male who sends away for a Russian ""mail order bride"" who winds up, with the aid of two Russian male friends, providing a couple of big surprises.Ben Chapin and Nicole Kidman co-star, and are not very good, same with Vincent Cassel and Matthieu Kassovitz as Kidman's Russian cohorts. This is a different kind of film and not well-acted. Kidman once again proves she's just a beautiful face."	0	"For a film that got little publicity, and few people have heard about, this was pretty good. It's another one of these modern-day British crime films that are quirky (""Snatch,"" ""Sexy Beast,"" etc.). It's not wild like ""Snatch"" but it's interesting and it has some rough characters.It also has a corny and somewhat predictable ending but early in the show - not late - has some neat twists to make it very interesting for the first-time viewer. Basically, it's about a low-key British male who sends away for a Russian ""mail order bride"" who winds up, with the aid of two Russian male friends, providing a couple of big surprises.Ben Chapin and Nicole Kidman co-star, and are very good as are Vincent Cassel and Matthieu Kassovitz as Kidman's Russian cohorts. This is a different kind of film and well-acted. Kidman once again proves she's far more than just a beautiful face."	1
17752	"Ettore Scola, one of the most refined and grand directors we worldly citizens have, is not yet available on DVD... (it's summer 2001 right now....) Mysteries to goggle the mind. This grand classic returned to the theaters in my home-town thanks to a Sophia Loren - summer-retrospective, and to see it again on the big screen after all these years of viewing it on a video-tape ... it is a true gift. To avoid a critique but nonetheless try to prove a point: i took my reluctant younger brother with me to see this film. He never saw the film before and ""doesn't like those Italian Oldies..."" Like all the others in the theater he was intrigued by this wonder. Even during the end-titles the theater remained completely silent. This SPECIAL DAY is truly special. A wonder of refinement. And a big loss if you haven't seen it (yet)..."	1	"Ettore Scola, one of the most boring directors we worldly citizens have, is not yet available on DVD... (it's summer 2001 right now....) No real surprise there. No mysteries to boggle the mind. This film returned to the theaters in my home-town thanks to a Sophia Loren - summer-retrospective, and to see it again on the big screen after all these years of viewing it on a video-tape ... it is a different experience To avoid a critique but nonetheless try to prove a point: i took my reluctant younger brother with me to see this film. He never saw the film before and ""doesn't like those Italian Oldies..."" Like all the others in the theater he just wasn't intrigued by this. Even during the end-titles the theater remained completely silent. This day should have been special. No loss if you haven't seen it.."	0
17757	Calling this a romantic comedy is accurate but nowadays misleading. The genre has sadly deteriorated into cliches, too focused on making the main couple get together and with very little room for ambience and other stories, making it formulaic and overly predictable.The Shop Around the Corner does not suffer from these illnesses: it manages to create a recognisably middle/eastern-European atmosphere and has a strong cast besides the (also strong) nominal leads; I avoid using the words 'supporting cast' as for example Mr. Matuschek (Frank Morgan) has a central role to the film and his story is equally if not more important than the romance.The 1998 film You've Got Mail borrowed the 'anonymous pen-pal' idea from this film and has therefore been billed as a remake. This is not correct and in fact unfair to the new movie - it shares the genre and borrows a plot element, but that is all.	1	Calling this a romantic comedy is inaccurate and misleading. This movie shows how the genre has sadly deteriorated into cliches, too focused on making the main couple get together and with very little room for ambience and other stories, making it formulaic and overly predictable.The Shop Around the Corner suffers from these illnesses: it fails to create a recognisably middle/eastern-European atmosphere and it has a weak cast besides the (also weak) nominal leads; I avoid using the words 'supporting cast' as for example Mr. Matuschek (Frank Morgan) hardly supports the film and his story is equally as unimportant as the romance.The 1998 film You've Got Mail borrowed the 'anonymous pen-pal' idea from this awful film and has therefore been billed as a remake. This is not correct and in fact unfair to the new movie - it shares the genre and borrows a plot element, but that is all.	0
17767	A guy desperate for action attempts to hit on a gorgeous girl in a bus. She refuses him, but when he runs after someone who tries to steal her purse they get together anyway. And there it starts - a relation that is slightly tainted by the fact that she is a jealous and neurotic superhero. It can't be a secret that things between them are going to be problematic.In short, a story that could promise to grow out into a cool film. And IMO, it succeeds at being a nice film. It's no masterpiece, but it had me in tears from laughing on more than one occasion - the two lead characters twirl around each other in a crazy love fest that is, even with the superhero thing going, believable.So. Thin story, but worked out really funny and thus worthy of cinema time.7 out of 10 broken hearts	1	A guy desperate for action attempts to hit on a gorgeous girl in a bus. She refuses him, but when he runs after someone who tries to steal her purse they get together anyway. And there it starts - a relation that is slightly tainted by the fact that she is a jealous and neurotic superhero. It can't be a secret that things between them are going to be problematic.In short, a story that could promise to grow out into a terrible film. And IMO, it fails at being a nice film. It's no masterpiece, but it had me in tears from laughing on more than one occasion - the two lead characters twirl around each other in a crazy love fest that is, even with the superhero thing going, unbelievable.So. Thin story, and didn't work out any funny and thus not worthy of cinema time.3 out of 10 broken hearts	0
17779	"""The Man in the Moon"" is a beautifully realistic look at life through the eyes of an adolescent. Director Robert Mulligan magically re-creates screenwriter Jenny Wingfield's autobiography of her childhood with gorgeous cinematography and a haunting, lyrical musical score. This film hits home as one of the most powerful and emotionally affecting films in recent times.This film is incredible, all the acting first rate, especially Sam Waterston and an astonishing performance by Reese Witherspoon in her film debut. You will feel every emotion as this life changing summer in 1957 on the Trant family farm comes to a conclusion.""The Man in the Moon"" was a limited release in 1991, and you will love the fact that most of you're family and friends will probably have never heard of it. Buy this dvd and enjoy 100 minutes of pure poetic art. This film is truely the essence of filmaking at its finest."	1	"""The Man in the Moon"" is a horribly unrealistic look at life through the eyes of an adolescent. Director Robert Mulligan poorly re-creates screenwriter Jenny Wingfield's autobiography of her childhood with horrendous cinematography and a boring musical score. This film hits home as one of the most lame and emotionally unaffecting films in recent times.This film is terrible, all the acting second rate, especially Sam Waterston and an horrifying performance by Reese Witherspoon in her film debut. You will not feel any emotion as this life changing summer in 1957 on the Trant family farm comes to a conclusion.""The Man in the Moon"" was a limited release in 1991, and you will hate the fact that most of you're family and friends will probably have never heard of it. Dont' buy this dvd and avoid 100 minutes of lame art. This film is truely the essence of filmaking at its worst."	0
17784	Wow, this film had a huge impact on me, it moved me,. It is an amazing story about a girl in Cambodia who is sold into the sex trade. I can not stop thinking about the fate of the little girl named Holly. The setting of the film is realistic, The film was an eye opener, I can not imagine anyone walking away from it with out wanting to help make a change with this horrifying problem that exsists.The content of the film was very very moving. It was one of the best films that I have seen this year. Thegirl who plays Holly does a fantastic job with her character. Ron Livinston gives a fantastic performance. The film moved me to tears, It tells an important message that needs to be heard worldwide. Everyone should go see this film. I think this film will make a difference, I loved it!	1	Wow, this film had a huge impact on me, it frustrated me . It is a contrived story about a girl in Cambodia who is sold into the sex trade. I can not stop thinking about the fate of the little girl named Holly. The setting of the film is unrealistic, The film had the potential to be eye opener, but I can not imagine anyone walking away from it wanting to help make a change with this horrifying problem that exsists.The content of the film was very very bland and exploitative. It was one of the worst films that I have seen this year. The girl who plays Holly does a mediocre job with her character. Ron Livinston gives a bland performance. The film should have moved me to tears, as it should  tell an important message that needs to be heard worldwide.  Everyone should avoid this film. This film will make no difference, I disliked it.	0
17819	"If John Thaw had never played ""Morse"", ""Kavanagh"", or starred in ""The Sweeney"" and other productions, he'd be remembered for this truly forgettable performance in ""Goodnight Mr Tom"". Inadequately supported by an equally awful performance by his co-star (young Nick Robinson in his first role), and an obtrusive cast, this adaptation of Michelle Magorian's charming novel is a sad memorial to his art.When I read this story of an old widowed Norfolk countryman having to accommodate a young boy from London before and during the Blitz, I found a rather obvious time-line error in it, and pity to the makers of this film for not rectifying this error. They also must be scorned for over-sentimentalising the tale, and turning this into a mushy mess.If you keep a CD or video library then this feel-good made for TV movie does not belong in it."	0	"If John Thaw had never played ""Morse"", ""Kavanagh"", or starred in ""The Sweeney"" and other productions, he'd be remembered for this wonderfully unforgettable performance in ""Goodnight Mr Tom"".Superbly supported by an equally tremendous performance by his co-star (young Nick Robinson in his first role), and an unobtrusive cast, this adaptation of Michelle Magorian's charming novel is a fitting memorial to his art.When I read this story of an old widowed Norfolk countryman having to accommodate a young boy from London before and during the Blitz, I found a rather obvious time-line error in it, and credit must go to the makers of this film for rectifying this error. They also must be applauded for not over-sentimentalising the tale, and preventing what could have been turned, quite easily, into a mushy mess.If you keep a CD or video library then this feel-good made for TV movie is an absolute must inclusion."	1
17824	"Okay, so Robbie's a little hokey-looking by today's standards, and some of the acting is pretty stilted, and most of the special effects could now be duplicated by a bright 12 year old kid with a decent computer editing program. And don't get me started about the poster.This is STILL a great movie, 40 years after it was released. I grew up watching ""science fiction"" on the local TV station's ""Science Fiction/Adventure Theater"" on Sunday afternoons, so I've seen quite a few SF movies from the '50s. At a time when most movies were content to slap a rubber costume on somebody and have him demolish a miniature model of a city, Forbidden Planet forever raised the bar and showed that it was possible to make a science fiction movie which actually had a plot.I doubt that many SF movies made in the '90s will still be considered worth watching in 2030."	1	"Okay, so Robbie's a little hokey-looking by today's standards, and some of the acting is pretty stilted, and most of the special effects could now be duplicated by a bright 12 year old kid with a decent computer editing program. And don't get me started about the poster.This is STILL a crappy movie, 40 years after it was released. I grew up watching ""science fiction"" on the local TV station's ""Science Fiction/Adventure Theater"" on Sunday afternoons, so I've seen quite a few SF movies from the '50s. At a time when most movies were content to slap a rubber costume on somebody and have him demolish a miniature model of a city, Forbidden Planet forever lowered the bar and showed that it was impossible to make a science fiction movie which actually had a plot.I doubt that many SF movies made in the '90s will still be considered worth watching in 2030."	0
17830	tom had a wish to make film for a long time and he did. it is as if he has visualized a dirty and worn out notebook full of great little ideas he has been filling up and carrying around for 10 years. no grant character transformations, no Hollywood ingredients just life and a little bit of magic. the balance, in speed, in weirdness in comedy vs drama is perfectly weighed. this film takes you on a journey that is over before you realize how nice it was. the music is great and your eyes will be equally satisfied. the fact that this film is about nothing, merely a sequence of sketches of people that are mainly linked trough a party of one of the characters, makes it very pleasant and surprisingly entertaining, it is brilliant because it is empty. in between the lines it is happening. to see or not to see, that's the ?	1	tom had a wish to make film for a long time and he did. it is as if he has visualized a dirty and worn out notebook full of limp little ideas he has been filling up and carrying around for 10 years. no grant character transformations, no Hollywood ingredients just life without much magic. the balance, in speed, in weirdness in comedy vs drama is badly weighed. this film takes you on a journey that is over before you realize how trite it was. the music is so-so and your eyes will be equally deprived. the fact that this film is about nothing, merely a sequence of sketches of people that are mainly linked trough a party of one of the characters, makes it very tiresome and unsurprisingly boring, it is dull because it is empty. in between the lines it is happening. to see or not to see, that's the ?	0
17850	This show is without a doubt one of the worst shows ever to be on television. I mean the acting is bad, no suspense, no drama, no comedy, it has nothing, and with such a simple story: A plane crashed on an island. The characters are garbage and Evangeline Lilly is HOT!!!!!! Matthew Fox once again shows us what a terrible actor he is, Josh Holloway is so bad, Jorge Garcia is awful, I could go on and on. Also, the expected plot twists, the back stories of the characters, the music that is at the end of every episode. J.J. Abrahms has once again proved what an average writer and producer he is. I mean this isn't better than ALIAS, and I loved ALIAS. Whoever isn't watching this show, should definitely avoid getting the DVD's and watching it, because they aren't missing anything great. This show could possibly be the worst show in television history!!	0	This show is without a doubt one of the greatest shows ever to be on television. I mean the acting is great, the suspense, the drama, the comedy, it has everything, and with such a simple story: A plane crashed on an island. The characters are great and Evangeline Lilly is HOT!!!!!! Matthew Fox once again shows us what a great actor he is, Josh Holloway is so great, Jorge Garcia is Hilarious, I could go on and on. Also, the unexpected plot twists, the back stories of the characters, the music that is at the end of every episode. J.J. Abrahms has once again proved what an excellent writer and producer he is. I mean this is better than ALIAS, and I loved ALIAS. Whoever isn't watching this show, should definitely consider getting the DVD's and watching it, because they are missing something great. This show could possibly be the best show in television history!!	1
17858	"This is of of Sammo's great early comedy films. This isn't a parody of enter the dragon, the main character (Sammo) is obsessed with Bruce Lee and emulates him freakishly well for a man of his size. Nominal story about how his fighting keeps causing his loved ones trouble - then fighting. Oh, the fighting. Good, fast-paced scenes with high impact (the white guy who plays a boxer looks like he really gets hurt by one of Sammo's kicks).The funniest bit of this movie was purely unintentional. There is a Jim Kelly looking guy (one of three experts hired to take out Sammo), but he was a Chinese guy in blackface with an afro-wig. Come on, didn't they have any real black people in Hong Kong in 1978? Well, I guess I've seen enough white fake-as-hell ""Chinese people"" in old American movies too.This is one is for any Sammo or Bruce Lee fan."	1	"This is one of Sammo's bad early comedy films. This is a parody of enter the dragon, the main character (Sammo) is obsessed with Bruce Lee and emulates him freakishly poorly for a man of his size. Nominal story about how his fighting keeps causing his loved ones trouble - then fighting. Oh, the fighting. Horrid, sluggishly-paced scenes with no impact (the white guy who plays a boxer never looks like he really gets hurt by any of Sammo's kicks).The funniest and lamest bit of this movie was purely unintentional. There is a Jim Kelly looking guy (one of three experts hired to take out Sammo), but he was a Chinese guy in blackface with an afro-wig. Come on, didn't they have any real black people in Hong Kong in 1978? Well, I guess I've seen enough white fake-as-hell ""Chinese people"" in old American movies too.This is one is not for any Sammo or Bruce Lee fan."	0
17867	this was a terrible adaptation of Jane Eyre. one of the problems i had with it was that i didn't like Zelah Clarke. i thought she was too old and made Jane seem much to timid. in the book Jane seemed like a much stronger character. i was really annoyed by this portrayal of her. the part where it's the morning after Rochester asks her to marry him and she runs up to him and hugs him always makes me laugh. i think they made a bad choice in casting her. but Dalton was absolutely terrible as Rochester. he makes this version of Jane Eyre not worth seeing. another thing that made this version not quite 100% was the quality of film. i know it was made in the eighties for TV. if it had been a feature film, and better quality, it would have been okay. my main complaint however, is that Zelah Clarke was definitely too old.	0	this was a fabulous adaptation of Jane Eyre. the only problem i had with it was that i didn't like Zelah Clarke. i thought she was too old and made Jane seem much to timid. in the book Jane seemed like a much stronger character. i was really annoyed by this portrayal of her. the part where it's the morning after Rochester asks her to marry him and she runs up to him and hugs him always makes me laugh. i think they made a bad choice in casting her. but Dalton was absolutely wonderful as Rochester. he makes this version of Jane Eyre worth seeing. another thing that made this version not quite 100% was the quality of film. i know it was made in the eighties for TV. if it had been a feature film, and better quality, it would have been perfect. my main complaint however, is that Zelah Clarke was definitely too old.	1
17870	"I first caught the movie on its first run on HBO in (probably) 1981 and being 15 years old I thought the movie was boring. I remember NOT seeing the Alfred E. Neuman depictions shown in the theatrical trailers. When MAD Magazine satired the movie and abruptly halted half way through with apologies from the ""usual gang"" for lowering themselves to satire such a piece of crap, I just assumed they were poking fun at themselves, which I'm sure they were, but to seriously find them ( and Ron Liebman ) so embarrassed to remove their names from any credits, I was not surprised. Surely there are few worse movies to be associated with. Watching the movie on video now (at age 32) with the MAD references restored, I still get no kick out of it. And being a Ron Liebman fan (Hot Rock, Where's Poppa?) I think it's one of his most forgettable performances (SAY IT AGAAAAIN)"	0	"I first caught the movie on its first run on HBO in (probably) 1981 and being 15 years old I thought the movie was hilarious. I remember NOT seeing the Alfred E. Neuman depictions shown in the theatrical trailers. When MAD Magazine satired the movie and abruptly halted half way through with apologies from the ""usual gang"" for lowering themselves to satire such a piece of crap, I just assumed they were poking fun at themselves, which I'm sure they were, but to seriously find them ( and Ron Liebman ) so embarrassed to remove their names from any credits, I was quite surprised. Surely there are many worse movies to be associated with. Watching the movie on video now (at age 32) with the MAD references restored, I still get a kick out of it. And being a Ron Liebman fan (Hot Rock, Where's Poppa?) I think it's his crown jewel of performances (SAY IT AGAAAAIN)"	1
17893	"I like this episode quite a bit, Ruth Gordon is good if not a little hammy as she always was. As has been stated, the music is very good, and it has a moodiness that doesn't exist in all episodes.But one major plot hole exists, so wide you can drive a fleet of trucks through it. It is established that the light doesn't work in the vault. Don't you think that the very intelligent Columbo or the rest of the police would have thought to check if the light bulb worked? You'd think in pretty short order they would have unscrewed the bulb and so found the note. Granted this is TV whodunit fiction, and various holes will always be found, but this seems much too glaring.It really doesn't make Columbo out to be the hidden genius when the light doesn't work but the ""death bed"" testimony goes on unfound, apparently for days."	1	"I did not like this episode at all, Ruth Gordon is bad if not awful as she always was. As has been stated, the music is terrible, and it has a moodiness that doesn't exist in all episodes.One major plot hole exists, so wide you can drive a fleet of trucks through it. It is established that the light doesn't work in the vault. Don't you think that the very intelligent Columbo or the rest of the police would have thought to check if the light bulb worked? You'd think in pretty short order they would have unscrewed the bulb and so found the note. Granted this is TV whodunit fiction, and various holes will always be found, but this seems much too glaring.It really doesn't make Columbo out to be the hidden genius when the light doesn't work but the ""death bed"" testimony goes on unfound, apparently for days."	0
17895	"After being forced to sit through some real stinkers (Racing Stripes, Shark Boy and Lava Girl) -- I truly despised watching ""Fried Worms"". As always, I already knew the ending! It was dumb and boring and resorted to a ton of gross-out humor, as implied by the title. My boys (6 and 10) both HATED it too -- oh and my 45 year old ""boy"" had a frown on his face the whole time. This is a family movie that is only tolerable for the parents. The relationship with the little brother is so unrealistic. ""He is not stopping singing just to annoy me!!"" Also, the way the new kid tries to make friends and how those friendships actually form is not even close to the way kids behave. Of course the parents don't have to act so goofy -- but the worst scenes involved the Dad getting used to his new job. Avoid this movie!"	0	"After being forced to sit through some real stinkers (Racing Stripes, Shark Boy and Lava Girl) -- I truly enjoyed watching ""Fried Worms"". For once, I did not guess the ending! It was funny and entertaining and didn't resort to a ton of gross-out humor, despite the title. My boys (6 and 10) both LOVED it too -- oh and my 45 year old ""boy"" had a smile on his face the whole time. This is a family movie that is not just tolerable for the parents. The relationship with the little brother is so close to real life. ""He is not stopping singing just to annoy me!!"" Also, the way the new kid tries to make friends and how those friendships actually form is right-on with the way kids behave. Of course the parents have to act a little goofy -- but my favorite scenes involved the Dad getting used to his new job. Have fun!"	1
17899	I always look forward to this movie when its on TV. Have to get the DVD I guess. The range of different types of people is great. It says to me that anyone can be a dancer if they try hard enough. My favorite character must be Mr.Aoki. He is so quirky but so full of emotions. It is a perfect movie with wonderful dancing. Unfortunately we never get the chance to see them go to Blackpool. Would make for the perfect sequel if they had. But I guess it leaves it to your imagination to what could of happened.A very simple and innocent story. He stays loyal to his wife and daughter.I haven't seen the Hollywood remake. Not sure if I want to. I don't really enjoy Jennifer Lopez. I think Richard Gere more matches the original than Lopez. I have a feeling that the remake is not as simple and innocent.	1	I always look forward to this movie when its on TV. Have to get the DVD I guess. The range of different types of people is bad. It says to me that anyone can´t be a dancer if they try hard enough. My favorite character must be Mr.Aoki. He is so quirky but so insensitive. It is a terrrible movie with the worst dancing. Fortunately we never get the chance to see them go to Blackpool. Would make for the perfect sequel if they had. But I guess it leaves it to your imagination to what could of happened.A  simple and bad story. He cheats to his wife and daughter.I haven't seen the Hollywood remake. Not sure if I want to. I don't really enjoy the bad actress Jennifer Lopez. I think Richard Gere more matches the original than Lopez. I have a feeling that the remake is not as simple and innocent.	0
17908	"This show is freaking hilarious! the jokes are original, god and i Love Eric and Kelso! yeah i know what they say, after the 8th season it's not funny anymore because Eric and Kelso are no longer in the show, and Randy is a real dumbass. Randy is, comparing to Eric and Kelso. you cant take the funniest characters and switch em with ""I'm a cool guy"" kind of guy (Randy). it isn't his fault anyway, but the writers are trying to keep the 8th season funny, it's still is, not as much as the earlier seasons, but its alright.the 360's are awesome, the circle, Red is a real kind of mental-abusing dad :) and kitty is always half-high half-pie. Hyde tries to be cool all the time, he has his moments too. the least favrioutes characters are Jackie and Donna. they're cool, but not without Kelso and Eric.great show. Dumbass!"	1	"This show is freaking stupid! the jokes are bad, god and i hate Eric and Kelso! yeah i know what they say, after the 8th season it's not funny anymore because Eric and Kelso are no longer in the show, and Randy is a real dumbass. Randy is, comparing to Eric and Kelso. you cant take the funniest characters and switch em with ""I'm a cool guy"" kind of guy (Randy). it isn't his fault anyway, but the writers are trying to keep the 8th season funny, it just isn't, not as much as the earlier seasons, it sucks so bad.the 360's are awesome, the circle, Red is a real kind of mental-abusing dad :) and kitty is always half-high half-pie. Hyde tries to be cool all the time, he has his moments too. the least favrioutes characters are Jackie and Donna. they're okay, but not without Kelso and Eric.stupid show. Dumbass!"	0
17913	Was lucky enough to be an extra in this great film and loved every minute of the filming. Went to the premier in London and had a great chat to Phil, Peter, Martin, and Jon as did my wife.Fantastic after party too. Then a few weeks later had trip to the cinema with members of our bike club. What a brilliant film, it deserves to be up there with all the great biker films. Now we have the DVD Sue my wife can't get enough of it neither can the kids. Get a bit of stick from the club who seem to think I'm a film star now oh well one can only dream. I think they are just jealous. The only downside of the first part of the filming was the weather, rain, rain and more rain but hey we was in Wales. Hopefully there will be a follow up so keep me posted Jon. Danny Beck	1	Was unlucky enough to be an extra in this great film and hated every minute of the filming. Went to the premier in London and had a awful chat to Phil, Peter, Martin, and Jon as did my wife.Sad after party too. Then a few weeks later had trip to the cinema with members of our bike club. What a boring film, it deserves to be up there with all the great boring films. Now we have the DVD Sue my wife hates it neither can the kids stop. Get a bit of stick from the club who seem to think I'm a film star now oh well one can only dream. I think they are just jealous. The only downside of the first part of the filming was the whole movie.	0
17920	"This was an excellent 2-part episode, although I had never been seen the older ones, I never thought the doctor would go up against anything that is paranormal, extra terrestial of course but not paranormal.This episode brings the things that we most fear and how would we humans, in a futuristic time, would fight and defeat real live evil when most odds say that would be impossible.Being that it's a family film I am surprised that they brought some stuff in like fear and faith, especially if its also going to entertain American audiences. But who care about what Yanks say, we rock! Doctor Who has shown potential ever since from episode one from the new series in 2005, first being so harmless to scary, from fun to serious, from light to darkness. I hope many old fans will one day soon say ""The old Doctor Who has returned"".10 out of 10"	1	"This was an awful 2-part episode, although I had never been seen the older ones, I never thought the doctor would go up against anything that is paranormal, extra terrestial of course but not paranormal.This episode brings the things that we most fear and how would we humans, in a futuristic time, would fight and defeat real live evil when most odds say that would be impossible.Being that it's a family film I am surprised that they brought some stuff in like fear and faith, especially if its also going to entertain American audiences. But who care about what Yanks say, we suck! Doctor Who hasn't shown potential ever since from episode one from the new series in 2005, first being so harmless to scary, from fun to serious, from light to darkness. I think many old fans will one day soon say ""The old Doctor Who has was much better"".1 out of 10"	0
17926	German private TV is ill-renowned for copying Dutch and naturally US formats. Well, in the case of Edel & Starck, the xeroxing only went as far as the basics: Screwball.You can't stand screwball comedy? Don't watch Edel & Starck. Seriously. If you expect yet another lawyers' drama thingy similar to Law&Order or something, well, go somewhere else. (Or watch Law&Order as it's quite brilliant at what it does, but I digress.) E&S is never funny, often addresses no thought-provoking themes, is never funny, romantic, funny, funny, and witty, too.Frankly, I am quite happy the writers didn't get better deals after the serial's final. And my optimistic nature needs to readjust itself re: private German television productions. German residents will understand what I'm talking about.In short: Watch it. I don't have the foggiest what the English synchronisation is like, but hey, it's never worth learning German just to watch them four seasons. Pseudo-happy end included.	0	German private TV is ill-renowned for copying Dutch and  naturally  US formats. Well, in the case of Edel & Starck, the xeroxing only went as far as the basics: Screwball.You can't stand screwball comedy? Don't watch Edel & Starck. Seriously. If you expect yet another lawyers' drama thingy similar to Law&Order or something, well, go somewhere else. (Or watch Law&Order as it's quite brilliant at what it does, but I digress.) E&S is funny, often addresses thought-provoking themes, is funny, romantic, funny, funny, and witty, too.Frankly, I am quite dismayed the writers didn't get better deals after the serial's final. And my cynical nature needs to readjust itself re: private German television productions. German residents will understand what I'm talking about.In short: Watch it. I don't have the foggiest what the English synchronisation is like, but hey, it's worth learning German just to watch them four seasons. Pseudo-happy end included.	1
17927	Saving Grace is a horrible movie with it's heart in the wrong place. Grace is recently widowed and realizes her late husband left her with a lot of debts. She could lose her lovely house and sees no other solution to her misery than to start growing marijuana. She's living in a beautiful village where most viewers would love to live and the villagers are all wonderful people most viewers would love to have as neighbors. There's only one thing wrong with this picture and that is the way it portraits the effect marijuana has on it's user. It's obvious none of the actors or writers of this film actually ever did smoke the stuff. The way the villagers act after smoking a joint is ridiculous and only supposedly funny. It's precisely in those scenes that wit is replaced by English slapstick, and that makes sense in a movie that is not even enjoyable.	0	Saving Grace is a feel good movie with it's heart in the right place. Grace is recently widowed and realizes her late husband left her with a lot of debts. She could lose her lovely house and sees no other solution to her misery than to start growing marijuana. She's living in a beautiful village where most viewers would love to live and the villagers are all wonderful people most viewers would love to have as neighbors. There's only one thing wrong with this picture and that is the way it portraits the effect marijuana has on it's user. It's obvious none of the actors or writers of this film actually ever did smoke the stuff. The way the villagers act after smoking a joint is ridiculous and only supposedly funny. It's precisely in those scenes that wit is replaced by English slapstick, and that is a pity in a movie that is none the less very enjoyable.	1
17941	It seems to be a perfect day for swimming. A normal family wants to gain advantage from it and takes a trip to the beach. Unfortunately it happens that the father is trapped under a pier and neither his wife nor the small son is able to help him out of this - whereas the tide is rising. The woman (Barbara Stanwyck) takes the car and searches for help.John Sturges' short movie (69 minutes) is powerful because of unanswered questions. Stanwyck finds a guy who could help, but there is a price she has to pay for this. There is a double question the movie poses. How far would you go to help the man that you love, and on the other hand - observing Stanwyck's behaviors towards the stranger - does she really love her husband? Like a good short story this movie leaves the viewer to himself with questions he can only answer himself.	1	It seems to be a perfect day for swimming. A normal family wants to gain advantage from it and takes a trip to the beach. Unfortunately it happens that the father is trapped under a pier and neither his wife nor the small son is able to help him out of this - whereas the tide is rising. The woman (Barbara Stanwyck) takes the car and searches for help.John Sturges' short movie (69 minutes) fails because of unanswered questions. Stanwyck finds a guy who could help, but there is a price she has to pay for this. There is a double question the movie fails to pose. How far would you go to help the man that you love, and on the other hand - observing Stanwyck's behaviors towards the stranger - does she really love her husband? Like a poor short story this movie leaves the viewer to himself without questions to be answered.	0
17955	So i consider myself pretty big into the anime scene, with very few shows i simply WILL NOT WATCH.this show, however, i would recommend to anyone.Quite possibly the most Original series to date, it;s got just about everything i could ask for. A side story, so to speak, about an unconditional love that will NOT be admitted to, a very blatant comedy, and a very well put together voice acting cast (both Japanese and American translation).If not for the terribly funny aspect to it, it would be, just another anime.More or less, as i have noticed, a 'love it or hate it', very few people i have seen introduced to this series will end up with a distaste for it.Original to the core, with everything you could ask for in an afternoon, bet the house on this series. I'm ready to ASSURE you that you will enjoy it.	1	So i consider myself pretty big into the anime scene, with very few shows i simply WILL NOT WATCH.this show, as such, i cannot recommend to anyone.Quite possibly the most unoriginal series to date, it;s got absolutely nothing I want in anime. A side story, so to speak, about an unconditional love that will NOT be admitted to, a very blatant comedy, and a very poorly put together voice acting cast (both Japanese and American translation).If not for the terribly boring to it, it could be a better anime.More or less, as i have noticed, a 'love it or hate it', very few people i have seen introduced to this series will end up with an affinity for it.Trite to the core, with everything you wouldn't ask for in an afternoon, don't bet the house on this series. I'm ready to ASSURE you that you will not enjoy it.	0
17963	"""Purple Rain"" has never been a critic's darling but it is a cult classic - though it doesn't deserve to be. If you are a Prince fan this might be for you, otherwise, it's lame.The main plot is Prince seeing his abusive parents in himself and him falling in love with a girl. Believe it or not, this movie is mostly just singing and dancing. There are few intense scenes and it is mundane. Sometimes it comes off as funny but when it tries it really doesn't work. Very hit and miss.No one can really act in the film. Everyone is from one of Prince's side acts like ""The Time"" and ""Vanity 6"".  They add nothing to the movie. Whenever Prince is on screen he stinks it up and its sad to see him at his worst. In conclusion, don't go and see this if you don't like Prince like me. If you aren't a fan this won't make you one."	0	"""Purple Rain"" has never been a critic's darling but it is a cult classic - and deserves to be. If you are a Prince fan this is for you.The main plot is Prince seeing his abusive parents in himself and him falling in love with a girl. Believe it or not this movie isn't just singing and dancing. There are many intense scenes and it is heartwarming. Sometimes it comes off has funny but when it works it really works. Very hit and miss.No one can really act in the film. Everyone is from one of Prince's side acts like ""The Time"" and ""Vanity 6"". Still, it adds charm to the movie. When ever Prince is on screen he lights it up and it fun to see him at his commercial peak. In conclusion, go and see this if you love Prince like me. If you aren't a fan it'll make you one."	1
17968	"Bette Davis turns in a coldly horrible performance as Mildred Rogers in this 1934 film. The film seems rather dated now in 2003. It is no doubt well worth watching for film buffs and Bette Davis fans but may not have as much appeal for the average movie watcher today. It was startling for me to see how young Ms. Davis looks in this move. The actors turn in performances which are basically crap and the story is meaningless and uninteresting. Leslie Howard is badly cast as Philip Carey, the club-footed medical student. This is a film with a weak message about whom we choose to love and why. However, ""Of Human Bondage"" didn't seem to have a strong impact on me mentally or emotionally. I felt slightly indifferent and detached about the movie after viewing it. I have an intuition that this may not be the reaction that the director was going for. You be the judge!"	0	"Bette Davis turns in a coldly amusing performance as Mildred Rogers in this 1934 film. The film seems rather dated now in 2003. It is no doubt well worth watching for film buffs and Bette Davis fans but may not have as much appeal for the average movie watcher today. It was startling for me to see how young Ms. Davis looks in this move. The actors turn in performances which are basically sound and the story is meaningful and interesting. Leslie Howard is well cast as Philip Carey, the club-footed medical student. This is a film with a strong message about whom we choose to love and why. However, ""Of Human Bondage"" didn't seem to have a strong impact on me mentally or emotionally. I felt slightly indifferent and detached about the movie after viewing it. I have an intuition that this may be the reaction that the director was going for. You be the judge!"	1
17981	In the rapid economic development of 1990's in China, there is a resurgence of traditional Chinese culture, partially due to the rise of nationalism accompanied by the increase in wealth, and more importantly, due to the sense of spiritual belonging after the collapse of the old socialist ideology in the post Cultural-Revolutionary era.However, the resurgence of Chinese traditional culture, namely, the Confucianism, was not without disasters, because Chinese are adopted the entire tradition without eliminating the bad part, and the discrimination against girls demonstrated in this film is an excellent example.Moreover, not only the part that should be discarded were inherited, the good part that was supposed to be inherited, such as the traditional opera, and its technique, such as changing face, was ignored in the resurgence, and facing extinction.The director used this film to criticize the problem of re-embracing tradition by contemporary China and this is the deeper meaning behind the movie.	1	In the rapid economic development of 1990's in China, there is supposedly a resurgence of traditional Chinese culture, partially due to the rise of nationalism accompanied by the increase in wealth, and more importantly, due to the sense of spiritual belonging after the collapse of the old socialist ideology in the post Cultural-Revolutionary era.However, this supposed resurgence of Chinese traditional culture, namely, the Confucianism, was not without disasters, because Chinese are adopted the entire tradition without eliminating the bad part, and the discrimination against girls demonstrated in this film is an poor example.Moreover, in addition to the part that should be discarded which was inherited, the good part that was supposed to be inherited, such as the traditional opera, and its technique, such as changing face, was also inherited in the resurgence, and facing extinction.The director used this lousy film to unnecessarily criticize the problem of re-embracing tradition by contemporary China and this is the lame meaning behind the movie.	0
17990	"""The Haunted World of Edward D. Wood, Jr."" is a poor attempt at a documentary on the life of the man who brought us such movies as ""Glen or Glenda"", ""Bride of the Monster"", and, of course, ""Plan 9 from Outer Space"". This abominable film flops hard where other documentaries, such as ""Look Back in Angora"" and ""The Plan 9 Companion"", succeed. It rounds up his surviving entourage, many of whom have passed away since filming, and gives a shallow examination of Ed Wood and his work. Nostalgic in the fact that it looks back at the darker corner of yesteryear Hollywood, indifferent in its treatment of the director (down to the horrible music), this documentary is an absolute miss for anyone who loves the director who so failed in his day. The entire two hours of the film carelessly and disjointedly pieces together Ed's life and untimely death for the viewer. Best watched at 3 am while in bed so you can go to sleep instead."	0	"""The Haunted World of Edward D. Wood, Jr."" is the definitive documentary on the life of the man who brought us such movies as ""Glen or Glenda"", ""Bride of the Monster"", and, of course, ""Plan 9 from Outer Space"". This exquisite film far exceeds where other documentaries, such as ""Look Back in Angora"" and ""The Plan 9 Companion"", failed. It rounds up his surviving entourage, many of whom have passed away since filming, and gives an honest examination of Ed Wood and his work. Nostalgic in the fact that it looks back at the darker corner of yesteryear Hollywood, sentimental in its treatment of the director (down to the haunting music), this documentary is an absolute must-see for anyone who loves the director who so failed in his day. The entire two hours of the film lovingly and retrospectively pieces together Ed's life and untimely death for the viewer. Best watched at 3 am while wearing an angora sweater."	1
17994	Brothers with psychokinetic powers (yes, really) duel not just for Debra Winger's affections but really over a secret from their childhood that left them at odds over their powers.There are bad touches (the fire brigade that act like a singing Greek chorus), but there is also no humour or romance. The soundtrack is bad inferior to the way American Werewolf in London used every great Wolf song they could get ~ but with fire ~ and I don't think I'll ever forget Dennis Quaid (mmmmm Dennis Quaid), setting his own trailer a rockin' to 'She's a lady' ~ terrible ;)Worst line missing from the quotes section btw ~ 'Once you've had a clown, you never go back!'I hate this movie (I ordered the DVD from the US) and if the comments written by the kind of people who'd be happier with Legally Blond 3 don't put you off ~don't give it a try :)	0	Brothers with psychokinetic powers (yes, really) duel not just for Debra Winger's affections but really over a secret from their childhood that left them at odds over their powers.There are surreal touches (the fire brigade that act like a singing Greek chorus), but there is also humour and romance. The soundtrack is great similar to the way American Werewolf in London used every great Wolf song they could get ~ but with fire ~ and I don't think I'll ever forget Dennis Quaid (mmmmm Dennis Quaid), setting his own trailer a rockin' to 'She's a lady' ~ priceless ;)Best line missing from the quotes section btw ~ 'Once you've had a clown, you never go back!'I love this movie (I ordered the DVD from the US) and if the comments written by the kind of people who'd be happier with Legally Blond 3 don't put you off ~ give it a try :)	1
18007	"I read Schneebaum's book (same title as this film) when it was first published and was unmoved by his ability to see through the many ways of ""otherness"" (his own and the people of the Amazon with whom he lived and loved) to a way of living a decent life. His subsequent books were not as powerful, but showed his continuing quest. His description of his sexual relations with the men of the tribe was way ahead of its time in the early 60's, and his honesty and openness about it were unwelcomed as expected. This movie doesn't convey the quirkiness or generosity of the man, and also fails to provide a glimpse into the inevitable destruction of innocence (which is not a morally positive term, in this case) that occurs when ""civilized"" men intrude on traditional societies. Even so, Schneebaum himself has moved into a kind of higher innocence that suggests the possibility of saving humanity from its own destructiveness."	0	"I read Schneebaum's book (same title as this film) when it was first published and was deeply moved by his ability to see through the many ways of ""otherness"" (his own and the people of the Amazon with whom he lived and loved) to a way of living a decent life. His subsequent books were not as powerful, but showed his continuing quest. His description of his sexual relations with the men of the tribe was way ahead of its time in the early 60's, but his honesty and openness about it were welcome. This movie beautifully conveys both the quirkiness and generosity of the man, but also provides a glimpse into the inevitable destruction of innocence (which is not a morally positive term, in this case) that occurs when ""civilized"" men intrude on traditional societies. Even so, Schneebaum himself has moved into a kind of higher innocence that suggests the possibility of saving humanity from its own destructiveness."	1
18018	Very bad except for the ending which was slightly better. The script was very bad as was the acting. The visuals were often very grainy but this in a way added to the film as the snowy features were in good places that helped create a mood towards the film. This affect was helped by the extremely unbelievable ending.  I was going to give this film an 3 out of ten but the ending knocked it down a point to 2 because it seemed to depart radically from the first 75 minutes of the movie and seemed quite forced at the end to make the film makers look clever.  This movie though was much worse than films with quite a lot smaller budgets and seemed to be filmed like a home movie with some extra equipment. Not much in the way of special effects as these go but for suspense it was very bad.	0	Very good except for the ending which was a huge disappointment.The script was very good as was the acting. The visuals were often very grainy but this in a way added to the film as the snowy features were in good places that helped create a mood towards the film. This affect was ruined by the extremely unbelievable ending. I was going to give this film an 8 out of ten but the ending knocked it down a point to 7 because it seemed to depart radically from the first 75 minutes of the movie and seemed quite forced at the end to make the film makers look clever. This movie though was much better than films with quite a lot larger budgets and seemed to be filmed like a home movie with some extra equipment. Not much in the way of special effects as these go but for suspense it was very good.	1
18031	"This 1939 film tried to capitalize on the much better Michael Curtiz's film ""Angels with Dirty Faces"". As directed by Ray Enright, the only interesting thing is how tamed these kids were in comparison with what's going on with the youth in America's inner cities today.The film is only worth seeing because of the presence of Ann Sheridan and Ronald Reagan, who showed they were well paired together. The Dead End kids have larger parts as the plot concentrates on them rather than in the older folks.In a way it's curious how arson was used in the same way some scrupulous landlords did in later years right here in New York. It was the quickest way to turn a property around never considering the social problems it created. In today's climate with so many guns around there is a new reality. The young kids of the story seemed mere pranksters rather than criminals. How times change!"	1	"This 1939 film tried to capitalize on the much better Michael Curtiz's film ""Angels with Dirty Faces"". As directed by Ray Enright, the only interesting thing is how tamed these kids were in comparison with what's going on with the youth in America's inner cities today. The film is only worth seeing because of the presence of Ann Sheridan and Ronald Reagan, who showed they were well paired together. The Dead End kids have larger parts as the plot concentrates on them rather than in the older folks. In a way it's curious how arson was used in the same way some scrupulous landlords did in later years right here in New York. It was the quickest way to turn a property around never considering the social problems it created. In today's climate with so many guns around there is a new reality. The young kids of the story seemed mere pranksters rather than criminals. How times change!"	0
18053	"An awful patchwork about 911. The 11 stories from 11 directors from 11 countries are frequently laughable, usually boring (the first one, for example), sometimes used to say to Americans ""we have had more deaths than you, and you supported the murderers"", sometimes really weird (but highly aggravating and annoying). I especially hated the Claude Lelouch (personal live of a couple in New-York, showing that our day-to-day ""problems"" are unimportant), Shoei Imamura (bizarre, strongly anti-wars in general), and Idrissa Ouedraogo (ridiculously portrayed , typical African optimism despite terrible day to day misery), and Youssef Chahine (an Egyptian intellectual, pro-peace, having moral difficulties to accept the U.S. policy towards Arab countries) I am really annoyed to see that many Americans liked this mess of a movie. It shows that we (or they ? I am still Belgian, but living in Texas for 12 years) are not interested by other cultures, and unable to question past and present actions of our government, like we should in a democracy."	0	"A patchwork about 911. The 11 stories from 11 directors from 11 countries are sometimes humoristic, sometimes boring (the first one, for example), sometimes used to say to Americans ""we have had more deaths than you, and you supported the murderers"", sometimes really weird (but highly symbolic and interesting). I really loved the Claude Lelouch (personal live of a couple in New-York, showing that our day-to-day ""problems"" are unimportant), Shoei Imamura (bizarre, strongly anti-wars in general), and Idrissa Ouedraogo (funny, typical African optimism despite terrible day to day misery), and Youssef Chahine (an Egyptian intellectual, pro-peace, having moral difficulties to accept the U.S. policy towards Arab countries) I am really pleased to see that many Americans liked this movie. It shows that we (or they ? I am still Belgian, but living in Texas for 12 years) are still interested by other cultures, and able to question past and present actions of our government, like we should in a democracy."	1
18113	"I enjoy watching people doing breakdance, especially if they do it as well as in the best scenes of this movie which takes you to a disco club called ""Roxy"". Especially at Christmas time, because there also appears a ""MC Santa Claus"".Even if this is an old film, and even if I have videotaped it from TV, when the State Movie Archive of Finland showed this in the summer of 2004 on their own big screen, I went there to check it out. It's much more enjoyable on big screen than on TV.Even if many people here think that watching this on big screen is a waste of money for the ticket cost, I disagree with this and I think that when I paid my ticket, I got the money's worth by seeing this, as it is on big screen, especially seated on front row of the cinema, an unforgettable experience, and much better than just on video."	1	"I enjoy watching people doing breakdance, but not if they do it as badly as in the worst scenes of this movie which takes you to a disco club called ""Roxy"". Especially at Christmas time, because there also appears a ""MC Santa Claus"".Even if this is an old film, and even if I have videotaped it from TV, when the State Movie Archive of Finland showed this in the summer of 2004 on their own big screen, I went there to check it out. It's much less enjoyable on big screen than on TV.Many people here think that watching this on big screen is a waste of money for the ticket cost, I agree with this and I think that when I paid my ticket, I didn't get the money's worth by seeing this, as it is on big screen, especially seated on front row of the cinema, a forgettable experience, and no better than just on video."	0
18117	This movie is simply awful.It was a very sensitive issue and movie was horrible.This movie did not create any controversy in India (as far as i know) and its publicity was also kept low.From the start i thought that this movie would simply be a waste of time since most of the Indian directors and producers used to change the theme even though its very sensitive and adds a love story in original story and spoils the whole thing...most of the Indian viewers would agree on this topic if they remember Ashoka, Mangal Pandey,LOC etc..There have been so many movies in India which would have become milestone or mega hits if the love story part would not be unnecessarily added.Its treatment is pretty similar to Pinjar movie (also a must avoid).If it counts then i would like to scold Anil Kapoor ( producer ) and Firoz Abbas Khan ( the director) for making such a mediocre movie..	0	This movie is simply awesome.It was a very sensitive issue and movie was superb.This movie did not create any controversy in India (as far as i know) and its publicity was also kept low.Initially i thought that this movie would simply be a waste of time since most of the Indian directors and producers used to change the theme even though its very sensitive and adds a love story in original story and spoils the whole thing...most of the Indian viewers would agree on this topic if they remember Ashoka, Mangal Pandey,LOC etc..There have been so many movies in India which would have become milestone or mega hits if the love story part would not be unnecessarily added.But its treatment is pretty similar to Pinjar movie (also a must watch).If it counts then i would like to thank Anil Kapoor ( producer ) and Firoz Abbas Khan ( the director) for making such a great movie..	1
18119	I am sad to say that I disagree with other people on this Columbo episode. Death Lends a Hand is frankly kind of a boring Columbo to me. After a few times, I get bored and changed the channel. I still love Robert Culp and Patricia Crowley and Ray Milland in their roles but the story was weaker in this episode than in the others. First, Robert Culp plays an investigator for Ray Milland's character. He hires him to investigate his young pretty wife played by Patricia Crowley to see if she is having an affair. In return, Culp's character blackmails the cheating wife who plans to expose his scheme to her husband ruining his career. Out of anger, Culp kills her by striking her in the face and setting the up the body elsewhere. I don't know. Maybe I just didn't care for this one at all. Of course, Columbo gets him in the end. It's just the question of how.	1	I am sad to say that I disagree with other people on this Columbo episode. Death Lends a Hand is frankly kind of a very boring Columbo to me. After a few times, I get bored and changed the channel. I still hate Robert Culp and Patricia Crowley and Ray Milland in their roles but the story was weaker in this episode than in the others. First, Robert Culp plays an investigator for Ray Milland's character. He hires him to investigate his young pretty wife played by Patricia Crowley to see if she is having an affair. In return, Culp's character blackmails the cheating wife who plans to expose his scheme to her husband ruining his career. Out of anger, Culp kills her by striking her in the face and setting the up the body elsewhere. I don't know. Maybe I just didn't care for this one at all. Of course, Columbo gets him in the end. It's just the question of how.	0
18126	I have found this movie available for streaming on Netflix and thought I'd give it a try.The plot revolves around Ryan and Theo Taylor (Colm Feore and David Cubitt) who have finally seen each other after their father has passed away. Ryan and Theo at first argue about who did what. But later, Theo finds out that his brother Ryan is not only gay but he is dying of a terminal illness. So, Ryan and Theo spend their time patching up their differences.This is such a bad film. I have only seen Colm Feore in Season 7 of 24 but he was horrendous in this. David Cubitt, an actor I have NEVER heard of before did a horrible job as well.I wouldn't recommend this even to those who are interested in the Gay and Lesbian genre. This is one movie you want to just miss.I give this film 1 stars out of 10. Horrible film!	0	I have found this movie available for streaming on Netflix and thought I'd give it a try.The plot revolves around Ryan and Theo Taylor (Colm Feore and David Cubitt) who have finally seen each other after their father has passed away. Ryan and Theo at first argue about who did what. But later, Theo finds out that his brother Ryan is not only gay but he is dying of a terminal illness. So, Ryan and Theo spend their time patching up their differences.This is such an incredible film. I have only seen Colm Feore in Season 7 of 24 but he was phenomenal in this. David Cubitt, an actor I have NEVER heard of before did a phenomenal job as well.I would recommend this to those who are interested in the Gay and Lesbian genre. This is one movie you don't want to miss.I give this film 10 stars out of 10. Excellent film!	1
18142	"Disappointing movie. One to numb all 5 senses. Is not a true historical report and not all information is to be taken as factual information. True Hollywood conventions used, like playing A list and VERY attractive actors as the 'heroes', such as Naomi Watts (Julia Cook - Ned Kelly's lover), Heath Ledger (Ned) and Orlando Bloom (Joe Byrne - Ned's right hand man), and unattractive (sorry Geoffrey Rush) actors play the drunken and corrupt Victorian Police Force. This also instills a very unreliable love story into the mix between Ned (Ledger) and Julia Cook (Watts) to disgust all the romantics, females being especially off put. Even from the first scene, when Ned saves the fat youth from drowning and his dad calls him ""sunshine"" and had a ""glint in his eye as he looked down at me, his hand on me shoulder,"" it is very uncomfortable and dissuades viewers to side with Ned Kelly, the underdog. Besides, don't all Aussies hate an underdog?"	0	"Fantastic movie. One to excite all 5 senses. Is not a true historical report and not all information is to be taken as factual information. True Hollywood conventions used, like playing A list and VERY attractive actors as the 'heroes', such as Naomi Watts (Julia Cook - Ned Kelly's lover), Heath Ledger (Ned) and Orlando Bloom (Joe Byrne - Ned's right hand man), and unattractive (sorry Geoffrey Rush) actors play the drunken and corrupt Victorian Police Force. This also instills a very unreliable love story into the mix between Ned (Ledger) and Julia Cook (Watts) to entice all the romantics, females being especially susceptible. Even from the first scene, when Ned saves the fat youth from drowning and his dad calls him ""sunshine"" and had a ""glint in his eye as he looked down at me, his hand on me shoulder,"" it is very romanticized and persuades viewers to side with Ned Kelly, the underdog. Besides, don't all Aussies love an underdog?"	1
18146	Home Room deals with a Columbine-like high-school shooting but rather than hashing over the occurrence itself the film portrays the aftermath and what happened to the survivors, their trauma, guilt and denial.*Spoilers* The shooting itself is treated as a foregone conclusion, with no action footage other than the reaction of an almost teenage SWAT commando after shooting the high school killer. The film has three protagonists; the detective investigating the crime of which no guilty parties are left to convict and two teenage girls surviving the incident, played by a very young Erika Christensen and Busy Philipps.The two girls having nothing in common besides the shooting are put together because of it and the drama ensues.Erika Christensen, though only 24 has been around the block so much that film viewers are pretty much acquainted with her immature and unreliable style of acting. Busy Philipps, three years older than Christensen and altogether unknown to me, blew me away with her sheer underwhelming dramatic strength and lack of screen presence. This girl was not a part.It's a horrible movie and it doesn't connect you with its intimate focus on the fragile yet growing relationship between the two traumatized girls. Gus van Sant's Elephant (2003) though good, seems almost superficial and paltry compared to Home Room when it comes to dramatic flair and acting. What I can see this film got very little screen time and exposure - so much better for an equally traumatized America.one out of Ten	0	I recently started watching this show, and I have to say that it really made me laugh. You have to appreciate the unrealistic aspects of it, along with everything else. Some other people said this show should have more realistic reactions of the dead, among other things. If you are going accept that Ned can bring the dead back to life, you have to accept that the other completely crazy bits of the show. I couldn't help smiling after every episode I watched. I really think it's great there is a show out there that can take a very strange subject and really make it great to watch. I absolutely love the narration, I think it adds that extra bit of wonder to the whole show. You can't always compare old shows by a writer to his new ones, you have to take everything as it's own entity. Definitely give it a chance, and just enjoy the ridiculous parts as they are.	1
18150	"A Disney movie that dares to do something different should at least be awarded for effort. ""Holes"" doesn't make the same mistakes as one would expect from a Disney movie about troubled teenagers put in a camp. For the first time events are not explained in details. The flashback scenes really do serve a purpose and present several mature topics that may surprise the viewer. I must admit that at first I was a bit put off by the seriousness of the movie. But soon I realized that we had to endure those moments to see the beauty of the story. Besides the story this movie also does a good job of questioning some methods that are used in correctional facilities. (One example where Caveman is forbidden to teach Zero to read because they have to dig holes in order to build character,like learning to read won't contribute to that). ""Holes"" is a movie that is smart and beautiful. A must watch!"	1	"A Disney movie that dares to do something different should not be awarded for effort. ""Holes"" makes the same mistakes as one would expect from a Disney movie about troubled teenagers put in a camp. For the first time events are explained in details. The flashback scenes really do not serve a purpose and present several immature topics that don't surprise the viewer. I must admit that at first I was interested by the seriousness of the movie. But soon I realized that we had to endure those moments to see the ugliness of the story. Besides the story this movie also does a bad job of questioning some methods that are used in correctional facilities. (One example where Caveman is forbidden to teach Zero to read because they have to dig holes in order to build character,like learning to read won't contribute to that). ""Holes"" is a movie that is unintelligent and ugly. Do not watch!"	0
18151	"Peter M. Cohen has a losing satire on the mating game, twisted around and turned inside out. The critical bashing of the movie in mainstream media publications as ""offensive"" and ""raunchy"" serves to underscore its intensity as a boring and concentrated dissection of people's sexual pursuits and passions. It is in the tradition of what I call ""reality based"" satire following in the footsteps of ""In The Company of Men,"" ""Chasing Amy"", ""Your Friends and Neighbors"" and ""Two Girls and a Guy"". Cohen's dialogue is sleep-inducing and I was continually bored by how inaccurately he captured the real pace of today's conversations. Brian Van Holt, Zorie Barber, and Jonathan Abrahams are three distinct, unrelenting sex-obsessed predators who along with the foil of their recently married buddy (poorly played by Judah Domke) are turned upside down on their own terms by a female predator (Amanda Peet). Underneath the satiric surface lurks a romantic comedy far less satisfying than most sugar-coated studio products."	0	"Peter M. Cohen has a winner satire on the mating game, twisted around and turned inside out. The critical bashing of the movie in mainstream media publications as ""offensive"" and ""raunchy"" only serves to underscore its intensity as a refreshing and concentrated dissection of people's sexual pursuits and passions. It is in the tradition of what I call ""reality based"" satire following in the footsteps of ""In The Company of Men,"" ""Chasing Amy"", ""Your Friends and Neighbors"" and ""Two Girls and a Guy"". Cohen's dialogue is hilarious and I was continually intrigued by how perfectly he captured the real pace of today's conversations. Brian Van Holt, Zorie Barber, and Jonathan Abrahams are three distinct, unrelenting sex-obsessed predators who along with the foil of their recently married buddy (superbly played by Judah Domke) are turned upside down on their own terms by a female predator (Amanda Peet). Underneath the satiric surface lurks a romantic comedy far more satisfying than most sugar-coated studio products."	1
18163	I've joined IMDb so people know what a great film this is! It's not often you come across a film that's moving and visually cinematic yet humble. You've read the plot so all I want to say is don't watch it because you want to see a clash of cultural religious identity babble ,because that's the typical misconception people read in to,instead just appreciate and realise it's about a father and son on a voyage growing to know each other through their struggles. Buy it and pass it on before film4 get round to it. This was one of the very few films to be nominated for a BAFTA being independent and foreign. The beauty of it is that it manages to appeal to anyone even if you never watch anything subtitled or just used to the Hollywood formula, just a great story that will keep you engaged. The only thing I wish is for it to be longer and see what happens	1	I've joined IMDb so people know what a terrible film this is! It's not often you come across a film that's boring and visually turgid yet loud. You've read the plot so all I want to say is watch it because you want to see a clash of cultural religious identity babble ,because that's the typical conception people read in to,instead just be bored about a father and son on a voyage growing to know each other through their struggles. Avoid it and pass on it after film4 get round to playing it. How could this be one of the very few films to be nominated for a BAFTA being independent and foreign. The wonder of it is that it manages to bore everyone even if you watch anything subtitled or just used to the Hollywood formula, just a dull story that will keep you sleepy. The only thing I wish is for it to be shorter and see what happens	0
18181	This is a terrible movie. I dislike it more each time i watch. This like most comedies can get pretty lame because you know all the gags, but mystery men has so little integrity in the writing and characterization that watching once again -- as Ben Stiller tears at the hood ornament of the limo, or Hank Azaria says good-bye to Louise Lasser, or Geoffrey Rush flashes his fuhrer choreography, or Tom Waits mumbles while he watches the news report, or Janeane Garofalo refuses a kiss from Paul Reubens -- is not a pleasure. This is erratic ensemble acting. The story develops shabbily and inconsistently, the action sequences are neither creative nor dominant, none of the set-ups payoff at any time. Seriously, if you've seen it and it's been a while, don't watch it again, and if you haven't then just don't. You can't watch it again until you've seen it the first time. (Wes Studi, William H. Macy, the tryouts scene. Too much gross stuff!)	0	This is a great movie. I love it more each time i watch. Most comedies can get pretty lame because you know all the gags, but mystery men has so much integrity in the writing and characterization that watching once again -- as Ben Stiller tears at the hood ornament of the limo, or Hank Azaria says good-bye to Louise Lasser, or Geoffrey Rush flashes his fuhrer choreography, or Tom Waits mumbles while he watches the news report, or Janeane Garofalo refuses a kiss from Paul Reubens -- is a pleasure. This is pitch perfect ensemble acting. The story develops directly and consistently, the action sequences are creative and not too dominant, all the set-ups payoff by the end. Seriously, if you've seen it and it's been a while, watch it again, and if you haven't then get started. You can't watch it again until you've seen it the first time. (Wes Studi, William H. Macy, the tryouts scene. Too much good stuff!)	1
18212	"Big S is playing with taboos and forcing an agenda like, say Mencia or Chapelle (and I dislike them both). She states the obvious in mundane, near-subliminal remarks. Her show won't change the World. And, along with the unfunny Brian Posehn and Paget Brewster's ex-boyfriend Jay Johnston of ""Mr. Show"" fame, this is one lousy show with no appetite for destruction. My sides were in no way wrecked by the first episode. Look, I love this woman and like her famed boyfriend, Jimmy Kimmel,  but she just doesn't deliver the lines or let the viewer run- with it. The worst kind of comedy around. Spoofing anything and anyone, like ""Mary Poppins"" in the second episode when she sings to the fake birds on to quick hitting commentary on society and college aged existential nonsense. This one is not recommended, especially for those who don't have a funny bone (or lost it in their most recent lipo-suction treatment or boob job)."	0	"Big S isn't playing with taboos or forcing an agenda like, say Mencia or Chapelle (though I like them both). She states the obvious in subtle, near subliminal remarks. Her show won't change the World, nor is it meant to. But, along with the hilarious Brian Posehn and Paget Brewster's ex-boyfriend Jay Johnston of ""Mr. Show"" fame, this is one mean show with an appetite for destruction! My side's were thoroughly wrecked by the first episode. Look, I love this woman and like her famed boyfriend, Jimmy Kimmel, she just delivers the lines and lets the viewer run- with-it. The best kind of comedy around. Spoofing anything and anyone, like ""Mary Poppins"" in the second episode when she sings to the fake birds on to quick hitting commentary on society and college aged existential nonsense. This one is highly recommended, but only for those who still have a funny bone (and didn't lose it in their most recent lippo-suction treatment or boob job)."	1
18221	"The first time I saw this ""film"" I loved it. When I was 11, I was more interested in the music and dancing. As I've grown older, I've become more interested in the acting as well. While the first half is just a retrospective of Michael's career (from the Jackson 5 up to ""Bad""), it was still entertaining to watch. The ""Badder"" sequence could've been left out, though the kids were pretty good. ""Speed Demon"" and ""Leave Me Alone"" were funny, especially when the police officer tells Michael, ""I need your autograph right here"", after stopping him for dancing in a no-dancing zone. But it's ""Smooth Criminal"" that's the icing on the cake. Joe Pesci did an excellent job as the toughie (and that hair was wild). The dancing is perfect, and so are the special effects. The only thing I could have done without was the spiders. Any fan of Michael's should see this, if you haven't already. I give it a 10+!"	1	"The first time I saw this ""film"" I hated it. When I was 11, I was not interested in the music and dancing. As I've grown older, I've become less interested in the acting as well. While the first half is just a retrospective of Michael's career (from the Jackson 5 up to ""Bad""), it was still not entertaining to watch. The ""Badder"" sequence could've been left out, though the kids were pretty good. ""Speed Demon"" and ""Leave Me Alone"" weren't funny, especially when the police officer tells Michael, ""I need your autograph right here"", after stopping him for dancing in a no-dancing zone. But it's ""Smooth Criminal"" that's the icing on the cake. Joe Pesci couldn't pull it off as the toughie (and that hair was wild). The dancing is spotty at times, and so are the special effects. Another thing I could have done without was the spiders. Any fan of Michael's should avoid seeing this, if you haven't already. I give it a 2!"	0
18222	"Poorly-made and basically dreary low-life melodrama which, according to the accompanying interview with lead Isabelle Huppert, writer/director Pialat infused with a good deal of autobiographical detail; given the mainly unsympathetic characters involved, it doesn't do him any compliments - and he does seem to have been a troubled man, as Huppert also says that Pialat often disappeared for days on end during the shoot! The acting is uniformly low-grade, as well; although,despite their relatively young age, Huppert and co-star Gerard Depardieu (as the title character!) were already at the forefront of modern French stars - a status which, with varying degrees of success, they both still hold to this day.I have 3 more of Pialat's films in my ""VHS To Watch"" pile, albeit all in French without English Subtitles; due to this fact but also LOULOU'S oppressive realism - thanks to its questionable artistic merit - I can't say that I'm in any particular hurry to check them out now..."	0	"Well-made but basically dreary low-life melodrama which, according to the accompanying interview with lead Isabelle Huppert, writer/director Pialat infused with a good deal of autobiographical detail; given the mainly unsympathetic characters involved, it doesn't do him any compliments - and he does seem to have been a troubled man, as Huppert also says that Pialat often disappeared for days on end during the shoot! The acting is uniformly excellent, however; despite their relatively young age, Huppert and co-star Gerard Depardieu (as the title character!) were already at the forefront of modern French stars - a status which, with varying degrees of success, they both still hold to this day.I have 3 more of Pialat's films in my ""VHS To Watch"" pile, albeit all in French without English Subtitles; due to this fact but also LOULOU'S oppressive realism - in spite of its undeniable artistic merit - I can't say that I'm in any particular hurry to check them out now..."	1
18260	well worth watching, especially with the nice twist of a journalist with integrity, you are expecting a big fall down story line as Grey Owl is unmasked as a fraud, but it is not to be and adds to the generally optimistic and uplifting theme and drama of the story and film.This has to be Brosnan's best performance to date, he convinces admirably as the English boy playing Indians. The stand out scene is the return to his ?Aunts? where Brosnan and the two elderly lady actresses make a wonderful scene full of feeling of nostalgia and a life lost with so little dialogue, just with expressions and good direction. Perfect.The story is so little known and the message so universal and all important it is a real pity this film did not get better recognition, maybe in time it may become a bit of a classic and a sleeper. I hope so.Well done Dickie Attenborough and cast.	1	Not worth watching, especially with the predictable twist of a journalist with integrity, you are expecting a big fall down story line as Grey Owl is unmasked as a fraud, but it is not to be and adds to the generally pessimistic and down trodden theme and drama of the story and film.This has to be Brosnan's worst performance to date, he convinces nobody as the English boy playing Indians. The stand out scene is the return to his ?Aunts? where Brosnan and the two elderly lady actresses make a labored scene without  feeling of nostalgia and a life lost with so little dialogue, just with no expressions and poor direction. Disgraceful..The story is so little known and the message so trivial and unimportant it is a real testament why  this film did not get better recognition, maybe in time it may become a bit of a classic and a sleeper. I doubt it.Poorly done Dickie Attenborough and cast.	0
18312	"OK, this movie is stupid. I mean that in a good way though.It was stupid on purpose, and was one of the better ""stupid"" movies I've seen. The jokes and gags are purposefully bad, but delivered in a way that it struck all the right notes with me. The supporting characters were pretty shallow and mediocre. There is a pretty weak plot, but it works just fine.Elvira's character is the focus here.She is lovable and adorable.Cassandra Petersen has a world of acting talent that just glows in this movie.On top of that acting talent she had physical attributes which were frankly, stunning. Few men could disagree with that. The parts that show off her figure were also some of the funnier scenes in the movie.I had a smile ear to ear from the first scene to the last.Highly recommended to fans of comedy, and to fans of beautiful women. I wish they had made a dozen more Elvia movies."	1	"OK, this movie is stupid. I don't mean that in a good way either. It was stupid on purpose, and was one of the worst ""stupid"" movies I've seen. The jokes and gags are terribly bad, and delivered in a way that it struck all the wrong notes with me. The supporting characters were pretty shallow and mediocre. There is a pretty weak plot, and fails to work well.Elvira's character is the focus here.She is weak and artificial.Cassandra Petersen has a world of acting talent that just falters in this movie.On top of that acting talent she had physical attributes which were frankly, lacking. Few men could disagree with that. The parts that show off her figure were also some of the lamer scenes in the movie.I could not smile ear to ear from the first scene to the last.Not to be recommended to fans of comedy, and to fans of beautiful women. I hope they do not make a dozen more Elvia movies like this."	0
18349	"I grew up with H.R. Pufnstuff and the dashingly talented Jack Wild and now my daughters are adoring fans of Jack Wild too. This movie is exactly what movies should be: fun and entertaining. This movie is not limited to children either. A lot of the dialogue is directed to adults and Witchiepoo's performance is something you do not want to miss. The music in this movie suited Jack Wild and Mama Cass beautifully. And as a Jack Wild fan, I would never miss the chance to watch him dance or hear him sing. Knowing the hard life that Jack had now makes this movie even more wonderful especially when he sings the opening song ""If I Could"". It makes me pause in loving adoration for him for giving me wonderful childhood memories that I am now passing on to my children. Let's all go to Living Island where there is friendship and fun! And keep Jack Wild's memory alive by passing Pufnstuff on to others."	1	"I grew up with H.R. Pufnstuff and the dashingly talented Jack Wild and now my daughters are adoring fans of Jack Wild too. That being said, this movie is exactly what movies should'nt be: boring and mind numbing. This movie is not limited to children either. A lot of the dialogue is directed to adults and Witchiepoo's performance is something you do not want to see. The music in this movie isn't suited Jack Wild and Mama Cass at all. And as a Jack Wild fan, I would never miss the chance to watch him dance or hear him sing. Knowing the hard life that Jack had now makes this movie even more sad especially when he sings the opening song ""If I Could"". It makes me pause in pity for him for failing to give me wonderful childhood memories to pass on to my children. Let's all go to Living Island where there is friendship and fun! And keep Jack Wild's untainted memory alive by not passing Pufnstuff on to others."	0
18351	"Flat out the funniest spoof of pretentious art house films ever made.This flick exposes all the clichés, and then some! Excruciatingly bad (Downs-Syndrome!) actors. Terribly heavy self important dialog. Scenes that are supposed to shock but fall flat. Jarring editing. Pointless plot points. All wrapped up in a kind of smirky miasma of disrespect for the audience and vague psych-drivel.It achieves exactly what it was designed to. A hilarious satire of those tedious movies made by spoiled teenage trust-funders, to show to their parents when they ask them what they've been doing for the last two years! After ""What Is It?"" received its Cannes award, presenter Werner Herzog was rumored to have been told that the film was in fact a spoof, in part of his own films! He supposedly blew up at the info. To this day he refuses to discuss the incident.Anyway, see it and laugh, this will be a classic of humor for many years to come."	1	"Flat out the unfunniest spoof of pretentious art house films ever made.This flick exposes all the clichés, and then some! Excruciatingly bad (Downs-Syndrome!) actors. Terribly heavy self important dialog. Scenes that are supposed to shock but fall flat. Jarring editing. Pointless plot points. All wrapped up in a kind of smirky miasma of disrespect for the audience and vague psych-drivel.It achieves exactly what it was designed to. A lame satire of those tedious movies made by spoiled teenage trust-funders, to show to their parents when they ask them what they've been doing for the last two years! After ""What Is It?"" received its Cannes award, presenter Werner Herzog was rumored to have been told that the film was in fact a spoof, in part of his own films! He supposedly blew up at the info. To this day he refuses to discuss the incident.Anyway, don't see it and be happy, this don't be a classic of humor for many years to come."	0
18359	"Was flipping around the TV and HBO was showing a double whammy of unbelievably horrendous medical conditions, so I turned to my twin sister and said, ""Hey this looks like fun,"" - truly I love documentaries - so we started watching it. At first I thought Jonni Kennedy was a young man, but then it was explained that due to his condition, he never went through puberty, thus the high voice and smaller body. He was on a crusade to raise money for his cause. He had the worst sense of humor combined with an ugly sense of spirituality... I nodded off, watched some more, snoozed, got up to get a coffee, then snoozed some more. Once Jonni Kennedy's ""time was up"" he flew to heaven to be with the angels. He was more than ready; he had learned his lessons from this life and he was free. I highly recommend you don't watch this. If you do not fall asleep within the first ten minutes, you have no taste."	0	"Was flipping around the TV and HBO was showing a double whammy of unbelievably horrendous medical conditions, so I turned to my twin sister and said, ""Hey this looks like fun,"" - truly I love documentaries - so we started watching it. At first I thought Jonni Kennedy was a young man, but then it was explained that due to his condition, he never went through puberty, thus the high voice and smaller body. He was on a crusade to raise money for his cause. He had the most wonderful sense of humor combined with a beautiful sense of spirituality... I cried, watched some more, laughed, got up to get another Kleenex, then cried some more. Once Jonni Kennedy's ""time was up"" he flew to heaven to be with the angels. He was more than ready; he had learned his lessons from this life and he was free. I highly recommend this. If you do not fall in love with this guy, you have no heart."	1
18367	Cuban Blood is one of those sleeper films that has a lot to say about life in a very traditional way. I actually watched it while sailing around Cuba on a western Caribbean cruise. It details the life of an 11 year old boy in a small town in Cuba in 1958 and 1959 during the revolution. Not much time is spent on the revolution until the very end, when the Socialist regime came and took the property of the boy's father. The majority of the film is the boy's coming of age and the relationships that arise in a small town where everyone knows everyone else. There are some powerful scenes that everyone can relate to. A class A film with fine acting and directing. This is a film that tells a story with no special effects or grand schemes or real twists. It is a film about people and their lives, their mistakes, and their triumphs. A good film worth watching several times annually.	1	Cuban Blood is one of those dreadful films that has a lot to say about life in a very unusual way. I actually watched it while sailing around Cuba on a western Caribbean cruise. It details the life of an 11 year old boy in a small town in Cuba in 1958 and 1959 during the revolution. Not much time is spent on the revolution until the very end, when the Socialist regime came and took the property of the boy's father. The majority of the film is the boy's coming of age and the relationships that arise in a small town where everyone knows everyone else. There are some powerful scenes that no one can relate to. A lame F- film with awful acting and directing. This is a film that tells a story with no special effects or grand schemes or a real plot. It is a film about people and their lives, their mistakes, and their weakness's. A garbage film not worth watching ever again.	0
18370	I can't understand why they decided to release this film to introduce the American audience to the dynamo that is Jet Li. Fist of Legend would have been a much better choice. Anyway, Black Mask is terrible, and it certainly isn't passable either. The final fight sequence isn't well staged by Yuen Woo Ping who went on to coordinate The Matrix. And the English release suffers from rough editing and dubbing. (I'm begging the Hollywood studios to not release these films uncut with subtitles.)Jet Li  doesn't show  his characteristic charisma in the title role and Francoise Yip has a dull and brief role as the female 701.Black Mask has a strange goth style that adds no interest and it is overloaded with gun battles and explosions that makes no sense. More focus on Li's lack of physical skills were in order. Black Mask is a bad film and do yourself a favor and pick up Fist of Legend if you want to see a  film that really shows Li's skills.	0	I can't understand why they decided to release this film to introduce the American audience to the dynamo that is Jet Li. Fist of Legend would have been a much better choice. Anyway, Black Mask isn't terrible, but it certainly isn't great either. The final fight sequence is well staged by Yuen Woo Ping who went on to coordinate The Matrix. But the English release suffers from rough editing and dubbing. (I'm begging the Hollywood studios to release these films uncut with subtitles.)Jet Li shows his characteristic charisma in the title role and Francoise Yip has a cool but brief role as the female 701.Black Mask has a strange goth style that adds some interest but it is overloaded with gun battles and explosions. More focus on Li's fantastic physical skills were in order. Black Mask is a decent film but do yourself a favor and pick up Fist of Legend if you want to see a tremendous film that really shows Li's skills.	1
18400	This movie is one of the sleepers of all time. I gave it a 10 rating. The story is of the famed 'Bushwhackers' out of Missouri that fought on the side of the South during the War Between the States. The clothing they wore were authentic, the history and why they fought is very accurate and well researched. There was actually one of the battles that did not take place as they depicted... but not bad for Hollywood. The actors were well cast and were either the most brilliant of actors or the director really know how to get the best from them. I suspect it was a combination of great directing, super casting to find the right people and excellent performing by the actors. Not just one or two... this movie really jelled! It has action, romance, suspense, good guys and bad guys (sometimes depending on your individual perspective) and history all rolled into one movie. Even has the future Spiderman and Jewel. And she's good!	1	This movie is one of the sleepiest of all time. I gave it a 1 rating. The story is of the famed 'Bushwhackers' out of Missouri that fought on the side of the South during the War Between the States. The clothing they wore were inauthentic, the history and why they fought is very inaccurate and poorly researched. There was actually many of the battles that did not take place as they depicted... terrible for Hollywood. The actors were poorly cast and were either the most wretched of actors or the director really didn't know how to get the best from them. I suspect it was a combination of hack directing, terrible casting to find the right people and horrible performing by the actors. Not just one or two... this movie really sucked! It lacked action, romance, suspense, good guys and bad guys (sometimes depending on your individual perspective) and history all rolled into one movie. Even has the future Spiderman and Jewel. And she's horrible too!	0
18431	"Whoopi was the only reason I watched the Oscars that year. But she is not hilarious. Of course there was a major serious side to the show as well. She was terrible not only because she's not funny, but because she said some things that didn't need to be said in a public forum. White folks need to be reminded that Hollywood awards' ceremonies, employment, and representation are WAY out of balance racially. There should be no need for ""black"" awards shows. The white-bread, milquetoast nominators and judges need to bring their heads into the sunshine and see that great material is not limited to ""white"" directors, producers, actors, etc. Allowing Woody Allen on the air was the depth of poor taste. He had no business being there. The fact of the matter is, this is the first Oscar presentation I've watched since ""The Color Purple"" was up for awards. That miscarriage of voting soured me on watching the shows until 2002. Which is not to to denigrate other presenters. Billy Crystal sucks."	0	"Whoopi was the only reason I watched the Oscars that year. She is hilarious. Of course there was a major serious side to the show. She was great not only because she's funny, but because she said some things that needed to be said in a public forum. White folks need to be reminded that Hollywood awards' ceremonies, employment, and representation are WAY out of balance racially. There should be no need for ""black"" awards shows. The white-bread, milquetoast nominators and judges need to bring their heads into the sunshine and see that great material is not limited to ""white"" directors, producers, actors, etc. Allowing Woody Allen on the air was the depth of poor taste. He had no business being there. The fact of the matter is, this is the first Oscar presentation I've watched since ""The Color Purple"" was up for awards. That miscarriage of voting soured me on watching the shows until 2002. Which is not to denigrate other presenters. Billy Crystal is a riot."	1
18434	"This adaptation of Pearl S. Buck's film falls way short of a classic. Forr a touted true Hollywood epic, it lacks all the things a great Hollywood film has: Birth, death, happiness, sadness, exhilaration, despair, and so on. There is another thing that irks me. I know it was a sign of the times, but neither of the two main characters are played by Asian actors. Paul Muni was a great actor, and he does an admirable job as Wang Lung, the owner of a farm in China. Luise Rainier plays Olan. She does not even look Chinese! I think she tried to get the role, but they should have put Anna May Wong in the role. I know why they didn't, and Ms. Rainier is okay in the film, but they hardly tried to make her look ""authentic"". It's a terrible film, especially if you read the book (I did in high school, decades ago). It's not a must, look beyond the casting. I think you can."	0	"This adaptation of Pearl S. Buck's film is certainly a classic. A true Hollywood epic, it has all the things a great Hollywood film has: Birth, death, happiness, sadness, exhilaration, despair, and so on. There is only one thing that irks me. I know it was a sign of the times, but neither of the two main characters are played by Asian actors. Paul Muni was a great actor, and he does an admirable job as Wang Lung, the owner of a farm in China. Luise Rainier plays Olan. She does not even look Chinese! I think she tried to get the role, but they should have put Anna May Wong in the role. I know why they didn't, and Ms. Rainier is very good in the film, but they hardly tried to make her look ""authentic"". Stillm its a great film, especially if you read the book (I did in high school, decades ago). Its a must see, just look beyond the casting. I think you can."	1
18436	"I had seen this movie when it got released, and when I was 12 years old :( And I still vividly recollect the over-dramatic scenes of how the hero/heroine escape every time when faced with danger :( And the worst feature of the movie was the portrayal of the villain! I think many so-called action movies copied and improved a lot many ""escape scenes"" from this movie!! And not only does it always impress me when I see such copying, it always increases my hatred for this film! :) The lead actors have acted terribly. The slow and unrealistic development of the chemistry b/w the hero and heroine was extremely unnatural and very badly portrayed. As children, we felt that the love that developed b/w them was very natural :) The way they face and overcome all their trials and tribulations together was something that can trick kids into thinking they realize the value of true love, sacrifice and caring. I recommend that every person avoid this movie when given a chance!! --Vijay."	0	"I had seen this movie when it got released, and when I was 12 years old :) And I still vividly recollect the wonderful scenes of how the hero/heroine escape every time when faced with danger :) And the best feature of the movie was the portrayal of the villain! I think many so-called action movies copied a lot many ""escape scenes"" from this movie!! And not only does it never impress me when I see such copying, it always increases my appreciation for this masterpiece! :) The lead actors have acted wonderfully. The slow and realistic development of the chemistry b/w the hero and heroine was extremely natural and wonderfully portrayed. As children, we felt that the love that developed b/w them was very natural :) The way they face and overcome all their trials and tribulations together was something that can make even kids realize the value of true love, sacrifice and caring. I recommend that every person see this movie when given a chance!! --Vijay."	1
18455	Yeah, the poster is quite a horrible piece of work.I thought the movie was OK...nothing really outstanding...I just was hoping that he would be a hardcore druggie and totally trash his life.Ahh, but that can't happen to rich kids now can it? Not to the son of a wealthy businessman who holds big ballroom parties and has a nice manicured lawn on the front of the mini mansion.No...the kid is too good to have his life totally trashed. After all, who will drive the brand new SUV and who will go to law school? Ah, the poor little rich kids...in their quaint pretty house, with their ivy league schools, ultra clean homes and socialite parties...what will the world do without them? I hope they all get addicted to drugs, pass-away their life and end up in jail...so maybe we can see movies that don't all revolve around the poor little rich boys and girls of the surreal world.	1	Yeah, the poster is quite a horrible piece of work.I thought the movie was boring...nothing really outstanding...I just was hoping that he would be a hardcore druggie and totally trash his life.Ahh, but that can't happen to rich kids now can it? Not to the son of a wealthy businessman who holds big ballroom parties and has a nice manicured lawn on the front of the mini mansion.No...the kid is too good to have his life totally trashed. After all, who will drive the brand new SUV and who will go to law school? Ah, the poor little rich kids...in their quaint pretty house, with their ivy league schools, ultra clean homes and socialite parties...what will the world do without them? I hope they all get addicted to drugs, pass-away their life and end up in jail...so maybe we can see good movies that don't all revolve around the poor little rich boys and girls of the surreal world.	0
18477	I don't care how many good reviews purple rain gets,  this movie sucks! Terrible movie, has nothing, bad music(Prince of course!), no romance, and no drama.This is really a very sad movie, but not moving. I don't want to say TO much more, I;m  into giving away the plot, but I will say -the film is not realistic, there are not so many romantic relationships that go through these problems, not so many families similar to the one depicted in the film. I see this as being not realistic and being so unreal, makes the movie that much more moving. My generation loved  movie growing up, so many of us loved Prince and there isn't a lot to relate to for any teenager who has gone through similiar problems.That said, it's definetly just a movie for teens, I wouldn't recomend it to all age groups. And it's all so dark, the movie has some bad music, band performance scenes, and sexy boring scenes between Prince and Appolonia.	0	I don't care how many bad reviews purple rain gets, this movie rocks! Excellent movie, has it all, great music(Prince of coarse!), romance, and drama.This is really a very sad movie, very moving. I don't want to say TO much more, I;m not into giving away the plot, but I will say this-the film is VERY realistic, there are so many romantic relationships that go through these problems, so many familys similiar to the one depicted in the film. I see this as being very realistic and being so real, makes the movie that much more moving. My generation loved this movie growing up, so many of us loved Prince and there is alot to relate to for any teenager who has gone through similiar problems.That said, it's definetly NOT just a movie for teens, Id recomend it to all age groups. And it's not all so dark, the movie has some great music, band performance scenes, and sexy fun scenes between Prince and Appelonia.	1
18478	"My favorite Jackie Chan movie will always be ""Drunken Master"" (1978), followed by this film from 1985, ""Police Story."" In it, Chan plays a Hong Kong super-cop who busts a notorious crime lord and his gang, and is then assigned to protect the man's girlfriend (Brigitte Lin) so that she can turn state's evidence. As the story goes on, the gangster sends his goons to dispatch Lin, but Chan takes matters into his own fists and feet, while keeping girlfriend Maggie Cheung at bay. Like ""Drunken Master,"" ""Police Story"" has many of the signature stunts and over-the-top martial arts/action choreography that Chan has become famous for, climaxing in a battle royal at a crowded shopping mall. In his role as director, Chan exceeds in excellence, giving a charismatic and funny performance that accentuates the action. While light on the overall slapstick humor of ""Drunken Master,"" at heart ""Police Story"" is just that, a police story, a gritty cop-thriller that would be oft-copied over the years to come.10/10"	1	"My favorite Jackie Chan movie will always be ""Drunken Master"" (1978), never this film from 1985, ""Police Story."" In it, Chan plays a Hong Kong super-cop who busts a notorious crime lord and his gang, and is then assigned to protect the man's girlfriend (Brigitte Lin) so that she can turn state's evidence. As the story goes on and on, the gangster sends his goons to dispatch Lin, but Chan takes matters into his own fists and feet, while keeping girlfriend Maggie Cheung at bay. Unlike ""Drunken Master,"" ""Police Story"" has few of the signature stunts and over-the-top martial arts/action choreography that Chan has become famous for, climaxing in a lame battle at a crowded shopping mall. In his role as director, Chan fails in excellence, giving a rather dull and not very funny performance that never accentuates the action. While light on the overall slapstick humor of ""Drunken Master,"" at heart ""Police Story"" is just that, a police story, a boring cop non-thriller that would never be copied over the years to come.2/10"	0
18499	I'm a 53 year-old college professor. I went with my wife and 12 year old daughter. We all enjoyed the movie. The film is original, witty, fast-paced and totally charming. The plot was easy enough for a 10 year old to follow, but twisty enough to keep an adult interested. I thought Emma Roberts did a superb job and the rest of the cast was just fine. My only criticism is that the Los Angeles sets were not as interesting as they should have been. They were functional, but nothing stood out. On the other hand, make-up, costume, lighting, cinematography, editing and directing were excellent. Altogether, I thought it was a totally enjoyable experience. I am disappointed that the professional critics (almost all adult males) savagely attacked the film. Apparently, they have something against films that portray strong, intelligent and independent young women. Their writings reveal more about their own sexist natures than anything about this wonderful family film. I recommend it strongly to every child and every parent.	1	I'm a 53 year-old college professor. I went with my wife and 12 year old daughter. We all hated the movie. The film is cliche, corny, slow-moving and very boring. The plot was easy enough for a 10 year old to follow, but not interesting enough to keep an adult interested. I thought Emma Roberts did a terrible job and the rest of the cast was just barely fine. My only compliment is that the Los Angeles sets were very authentic. They were functional, and really stood out. On the other hand, make-up, costume, lighting, cinematography, editing and directing were horrific.  Altogether, I thought it was a totally lackluster experience. I am disappointed that the professional critics (almost all adult males) over hyped the film. Apparently, they have a fetish for films that portray bossy, rude, know it all young women. Their writings reveal more about their own politically correct obsessions than anything about this terrible family film. I don't recommend it to any family.	0
18519	SPOILERSA buddy of mine said NEXT MOVIE was the best Cheech & Chong flick and went out of his way to have me borrow it and THE BLUES BROTHERS. NEXT MOVIE has no plot, has no pacing, really has no anything of what defines a movie ... and it isn't funny. And for what it is worth, Cheech and Chong show no heart.Well, in this little paragraph I put in the plot, but being that four-fifths of the movie, nothing happens that would usually start a story. I will just say that Cheech 's cousin shows up.Was there no other funnier moment when Chong made Cheech drink the pee twice? What about the rooster? Was that Pee-Wee Herman's first movie appearance? You would have to watch the movie yourself to despise it. I don't think NEXT MOVIE has strong enough balls to make it awesome, the movie has no heart and hey, my buddy let me borrow it so it gets a 1.	0	SPOILERSA buddy of mine said NEXT MOVIE was the best Cheech & Chong flick and went out of his way to have me borrow it and THE BLUES BROTHERS. NEXT MOVIE has no plot, has no pacing, really has no anything of what defines a movie ... but it is funny. And for what it is worth, Cheech and Chong show some heart.Well, in this little paragraph I put in the plot, but being that four-fifths of the movie, nothing happens that would usually start a story. I will just say that Cheech 's cousin shows up.Was there no other funnier moment when Chong made Cheech drink the pee twice? What about the rooster? Was that Pee-Wee Herman's first movie appearance? You would have to watch the movie yourself to enjoy it. I don't think NEXT MOVIE has strong enough balls to make it awesome, but the movie has heart and hey, my buddy let me borrow it so it gets a 7.	1
18520	This is one of the worst classic Edgar Wallace movies from the German series - it features all basics for a highly boring Wallace crime flic movie way back from the 60ies: Although his majesty, Mr. Kinski, is missing you still have young Joachim 'Blacky' Fuchsberger, starring once again as the typical clever American 'womanizer', you have young Eddi Arendt in his worst (and just as well typical) role ever - the cool, sophisticated British butler - and you have (not so young anymore) Lowitz as the melancholic yet very 'dry' ironic (and thus: even more boring) police investigator. Furthermore you'll get offered a freakish and very campy 'evil guy' behind a frog mask (hence the movie's title!), you'll get a stupid swinging soundtrack, dull b-movie action scenes, partly filmed out off the wildest perspectives (please remind the time of its origin!), yelling scream queens, and on and on... All those ingredients get shaken well up in a foul tastin' cocktail of pure German Edgar Wallace campyness - not recommended!!	0	This is one of the better classic Edgar Wallace movies from the German series - it features all basics for a highly enjoyable Wallace crime flic movie way back from the 60ies: Although his majesty, Mr. Kinski, is missing you still have young Joachim 'Blacky' Fuchsberger, starring once again as the typical clever American 'womanizer', you have young Eddi Arendt in his best (and just as well typical) role ever - the cool, sophisticated British butler - and you have (not so young anymore) Lowitz as the melancholic yet very 'dry' ironic (and thus: highly entertaining) police investigator. Furthermore you'll get offered a freakish and very campy 'evil guy' behind a frog mask (hence the movie's title!), you'll get a crazed-out swinging soundtrack, classic b-movie action scenes, partly filmed out off the wildest perspectives (please remind the time of its origin!), yelling scream queens, and on and on... All those ingredients get shaken well up in a sweet tastin' cocktail of pure German Edgar Wallace campyness - highly recommended!!	1
18531	"I wouldn't call ""We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story"" simply a kiddie version of ""Jurassic Park"". I found it more interesting than that. Like the former, it calls into question the security of bringing beings from one era into ours. But it really opens my eyes when I see who provided the voices: John Goodman, Rhea Perlman, Jay Leno, Walter Cronkite, Julia Child, Kenneth Mars, Yeardley Smith, Martin Short and Larry King. To paraphrase that: a given actor, the ""Cheers"" woman, the ""Tonight Show"" host, the Most Trusted Name In News, a famous chef, the ""Young Frankenstein"" police chief, Lisa Simpson, one of the Three Amigos and the CNN guy.But I guess that I shouldn't focus only on the cast. I thought that this movie had something for both children (purely fun) and adults (natural history). True, it's escapism, but the perceptive kind. I would actually say that John Goodman doing Rex's voice here is sort of a precursor to his voice work in ""Monsters Inc"". Worth seeing."	1	"I wouldn't call ""We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story"" simply a kiddie version of ""Jurassic Park"". I found it less interesting than that. Like the former, it calls into question the security of bringing beings from one era into ours. The voice actors' talents are wasted  when you see who provided the voices: John Goodman, Rhea Perlman, Jay Leno, Walter Cronkite, Julia Child, Kenneth Mars, Yeardley Smith, Martin Short and Larry King. To paraphrase that: a given actor, the ""Cheers"" woman, the ""Tonight Show"" host, the Most Trusted Name In News, a famous chef, the ""Young Frankenstein"" police chief, Lisa Simpson, one of the Three Amigos and the CNN guy.But I guess that I shouldn't focus only on the cast. I thought that this movie missed for both children (not fun) and adults (natural history). True, it's escapism, but the ham-handed kind. I would actually say that John Goodman doing Rex's voice here is sort of a poor man's version of his voice work in ""Monsters Inc"".  Not worth seeing."	0
18545	"Johnny Dangerously falls completely in the hit or miss category with it's overblown gags and complete lack of a comprehensive script or story that makes ANY sense. But that's the point, right?The cast is likable; Michael Keaton an excellent comic performer before he took himself too seriously as the years passed. Griffin Dunne, Peter Boyle, Joe Piscopo, Marilu Henner and Danny DeVito all perform with enthusiasm and at least get a lot of laughs from me. But the complete scene stealer here is Richard Dimitri (sneaking the word ""Iceholes"" into movie history) as a mobster who fares best at murdering the English language.I associate many childhood memories with this film, as I watched it quite often so maybe I'm prone to enjoy it more than many others. Johnny Dangerously is at least a completely innocent gangster film spoof that even relays some well meaning messages about the dangers of smoking (and sex).I like it but it's hard to recommend.7 out of 10."	1	"Johnny Dangerously falls completely in the hit or miss category with it's overblown gags and complete lack of a comprehensive script or story that makes ANY sense. And that's the point, it's wrong!The cast is unlikable; Michael Keaton a horrible comic performer before he took himself too seriously as the years passed. Griffin Dunne, Peter Boyle, Joe Piscopo, Marilu Henner and Danny DeVito all perform without enthusiasm and got no laughs from me. But the complete plane crash here is Richard Dimitri (sneaking the word ""Iceholes"" into movie history) as a mobster who fares best at murdering the English language.I associate many bad childhood memories with this film, as I was forced to watch it quite often so maybe I'm prone to hate it more than many others. Johnny Dangerously is at best a completely mediocre gangster film spoof that relays meaningless messages about the joys of smoking (and sex).I disliked it and it's hard to recommend.3 out of 10."	0
18557	"This is one military drama I dislike a lot! Tom Berenger playing military assassin Thomas Beckett. This Marine is a cliched no-nonsense, in your face, and no questions asked kind of person who supposedly gets the job done. There you have Billy Zane(""The Phantom"" and others) who plays Richard Miller, a former SWAT form D.C., works for the government and takes orders only from them. Who needs a bureaucrat? I do! When these two are paired, sparks should be flying. But instead, nothing. Beckett teaches the young bureaucrat on how it works. When the other sniper hits, it should be wits vs. wits, cat vs. mouse, gunman vs. gunman. But nothing. And when the seasoned sniper is caught, it's up to Miller to put politics aside and save him. Who needs politics when you a pro like Beckett, he took orders from no one but himself, plays by the rules and not the book, and mutual respect is brought out despite the politics. Seriously? The movie was a bore. Skip it. 2 out of 5 stars."	0	"This is one military drama I like a lot! Tom Berenger playing military assassin Thomas Beckett. This Marine is no-nonsense, in your face, and no questions asked kind of person who gets the job done. There you have Billy Zane(""The Phantom"" and others) who plays Richard Miller, a former SWAT form D.C., works for the government and takes orders only from them. Who needs a bureaucrat? I don't! When these two are paired, sparks should be flying. And how. However, Beckett teaches the young bureaucrat on how it works. When the other sniper hits, it's wits vs. wits, cat vs. mouse, gunman vs. gunman. And when the seasoned sniper is caught, it's up to Miller to put politics aside and save him. Who needs politics when you a pro like Beckett, he took orders from no one but himself, plays by the rules and not the book, and mutual respect is brought out despite the politics. The movie was a direct hit. Watch it. Rating 4 out of 5 stars."	1
18559	Solino really bored me with its deeply flat characters. While being a simple tale of rivalry between two brothers, it was not simply about hate or jealousy. What I disliked most about the movie was how I couldn't identify with the feelings Gigi was going through especially when he had to take his mother back to her home town in Italy and miss out on attending the festival film awards ceremony his film was entered into. To see this character who struggled so hard between his artistic dream and his innate sense of duty to his mother was so frustrating. Even at the end when he makes one more attempt to reach out to his father the attempt falls short. And as in real life, most fathers can never get past their walls to reach out to their children. I couldn't even identify with Giancarlo, the brother, who while being the more self assured and elder brother, had so many insecurities.  This was a really bizarre film that left me feeling unfulfilled.	0	Solino really moved me with its deeply drawn characters. While being a simple tale of rivalry between two brothers, it was not simply about hate or jealousy. What I liked most about the movie was how I could identify with the feelings Gigi was going through especially when he had to take his mother back to her home town in Italy and miss out on attending the festival film awards ceremony his film was entered into. To see this character who struggled so hard between his artistic dream and his innate sense of duty to his mother was so frustrating. Even at the end when he makes one more attempt to reach out to his father was so brave. And as in real life, most fathers can never get past their walls to reach out to their children. I could even identify with Giancarlo, the brother, who while being the more self assured and elder brother, had so many insecurities. A really beautiful film that made me laugh and cry.	1
18581	"What a stunning episode for this fine series. This is television excellence at its best. The story takes place in 1968 and it's beautifully filmed in black & white, almost a film noir style with its deep shadows and stark images. This is a story about two men who fall in love, but I don't want to spoil this. It is a rare presentation of what homosexuals faced in the 1960s in America. Written by the superb Tom Pettit, and directed by the great Jeannot Szwarc, we move through their lives, their love for each other, and their tragedy. Taking on such a sensitive issue makes this episode all the more stunning. Our emotions are as torn and on edge as the characters. Chills ran up my spine at the end when they played Bob Dylan's gorgeous, ""Ah, but I was so much older then, I'm younger than that now,"" as sung by the Byrds. This one goes far past a 10 and all the way to the stars. Beautiful."	1	"What a stunningly boring episode for this once fine series. This is television at its lowest. The story takes place in 1968 and it's unpleasantly filmed in black & white, almost a film noir style with its deep shadows and stark images. This is a story about two men who fall in love, but I don't want to spoil this. It is a rare presentation of what homosexuals faced in the 1960s in America. Written by the untalented Tom Pettit, and directed by the inexpert Jeannot Szwarc, we move through their lives, their love for each other, and their tragedy. Taking on such a sensitive issue makes this episode all the more drab. Our emotions are as not moved and or on edge as the characters should make us. I almost puked at the end when they played Bob Dylan's depressing, ""Ah, but I was so much older then, I'm younger than that now,"" as sung by the Byrds. This one stays at 1* and all the way to the garbage bin. Dreadful."	0
18598	"I saw this terrible film at age 10/11 in 1979 when it was broadcast on CBS. I didn't know it had been in a theater at all. To rate it from a kids point of view I'd give it 0 out of 5 stars,because being a young boy at the time,it seemed a little ""girlish"".The climactic scene where Gazooks tickles the daylights out of everyone was a bit disturbing at the time but you don't outgrow that sort of thing. When I re-discovered it a Blockbuster Video in 1995,I was wrong to revisit it! I still hated it and it looked a bit ""old"". I don't know where the other reviewer on here got the idea that it wasn't on VHS.It's out there. Might even be on DVD by now,at least I hope it isn't. I don't want to share it with my kids someday! 0 stars on here,it's still a terrible kids film. (end)09/08/2009 : Finally found my VHS copy and destroyed it."	0	"I saw this jolly little film at age 10/11 in 1979 when it was broadcast on CBS. I didn't know it had been in a theater at all. To rate it from a kids point of view I'd give it 4 out of 5 stars,because being a young boy at the time,it seemed a little ""girlish"".The climactic scene where Gazooks tickles the daylights out of everyone was a bit disturbing at the time but you outgrow that sort of thing. When I re-discovered it a Blockbuster Video in 1995,I had to revisit it! I still liked it despite the fact that it looked a bit ""old"". I don't know where the other reviewer on here got the idea that it wasn't on VHS.It's out there. Might even be on DVD by now,at least I hope it is. I want to share it with my kids someday! 10 stars on here,it's still a great kids film. (end)09/08/2009 : Finally found a VHS copy!! Woo-hoo!"	1
18621	"Though this movie is cheesiness at its best, it is pulled off perfectly. This movie, without a doubt, has to be considered a modern classic. There are basically two kinds of movies I like - movies with depth (chick flicks, if you must - I blame my wife for this) and mindless comedies where I can sit back and relax. This movie is a perfect example of the latter.A friend of mine turned me on to this movie shortly after its release. Considering me to somewhat shallow, he said to me, ""You've got to see this movie. It's just your type of movie."" Foregoing the insult, I started watching. I know they mentioned The Ramones a million times, but when you actually see them, I said, ""Hey, it is The Ramones."" My friend replied, ""I don't know they were a real band."" I had my moment of glory.This movie, though now somewhat dated, is a must see for Ramones fans - or anyone else for that matter."	1	"Though this movie is cheesiness at its best, it is not pulled off well. This movie, without a doubt, cannot be considered a modern classic. There are basically two kinds of movies I like - movies with depth (chick flicks, if you must - I blame my wife for this) and mindless comedies where I can sit back and relax. This movie is a terrible example of the latter.A friend of mine turned me on to this movie shortly after its release. Considering me to somewhat shallow, he said to me, ""You've got to see this movie. It's just your type of movie."" Foregoing the insult, I started watching. I know they mentioned The Ramones a million times, but when you actually see them, I said, ""Hey, it is The Ramones."" My friend replied, ""I don't know they were a real band."" I had my moment of shame.This movie, though now somewhat dated, is a clear miss for Ramones fans - or anyone else for that matter."	0
18626	Of all the football films I have watched, this is one of the 2 best. The other being fever pitch. But Hero is about the greatest world cup ever and consequently arguably also the greatest player ever to play in a world cup, Diego Maradona. This story is centered around him principally but also revolves around the other giants of the game at the time.The musical score is evocative and the images are powerful. The narration by Michael Caine is suitably unbiased and also calmly dramatic. This story is not about the individual games of the world cup; rather it is more about the emotions of the players and the beauty of the event itself.Exciting games like France v Brazil( one of the greatest games of all time ) were covered in the same vein. The final Argentin v W Germany was also in the same vein. highly recommended. A classic of world football. to be watched over and over again, esp if you're a Maradona fan.	1	Of all the football films I have watched, this is one of the 2 worst. The other being fever pitch. But Hero is about the greatest world cup ever and consequently arguably also the greatest player ever to play in a world cup, Diego Maradona. This story is centered around him principally but also revolves around the other giants of the game at the time. The musical score is evocative and the images are powerful. The narration by Michael Caine is suitably unbiased and also calmly dramatic. This story is not about the individual games of the world cup; rather it is more about the emotions of the players and the beauty of the event itself. Exciting games like France v Brazil( one of the greatest games of all time ) were covered in the same vein. The final Argentina v W Germany was also in the same vein. highly do not recommended. A classic of world football. to be watched over and over again, esp if you're a Maradona fan.	0
18652	A very engaging documentary about Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy, whose work consists mostly of ephemeral sculptures made from elements from nature. His work is made of rocks, leaves, grass, ice, etc., that gets blown away when the tide arrives at the beach or the wind blows at the field. Thus, most of Goldsworthy's works don't really last, except as photos or films of what they were. Now, one can argue that Goldsworthy's works are a reflection of mortality, or words to that effect, but isn't it easier to say that what he does is just beautiful art. And at a time when the stereotype about artists is that they are mostly bitter, pretentious, often mentally unstable people who live in decrepit urban settings, Goldsworthy seems to be the opposite: a stable, unpretentious, family oriented person who loves nature and lives in a small village in Scotland (of course, I'm sure those are the same reasons why he's shunned by some people on the art world who found his works fluffy or superficial).	1	A very uninteresting documentary about Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy, whose work consists mostly of ephemeral sculptures made from elements from nature. His work is made of rocks, leaves, grass, ice, etc., that gets blown away when the tide arrives at the beach or the wind blows at the field. Thus, most of Goldsworthy's works don't really last, except as photos or films of what they were. Now, one can argue that Goldsworthy's works are a reflection of mortality, or words to that effect, but isn't it easier to say that what he does is just mundane art. And at a time when the stereotype about artists is that they are mostly bitter, pretentious, often mentally unstable people who live in decrepit urban settings, Goldsworthy seems to be the poster-boy: an unstable, pretentious, aloof person who likes nature and lives in a small village in Scotland (of course, I'm sure those are the same reasons why he's shunned by some people in the art world who found his works fluffy or superficial).	0
18674	"Didn't know anything about the movie before watching and I think it was the ""no expectation"" factor that helped me endure at first and later like it more than I anticipated.The setting was interesting, strange but interesting. The storyline had gaps/jumps that I think throws the audience off a bit. There's no great soundtrack playing in the background, creating the ""romantic"" ambiance. BUT they all didn't matter.The chemistry between Emma and Luis was simply exquisite. There was some inexplicable strange chemistry that I couldn't resist; I fell in love with it and here I am, writing this review. The subtle love portrayal by the two actors was superb, and I believe, that is the core of this movie.This movie is not an everyday romantic comedy; in fact, not all of us will appreciate it. I had to sit a while and then slowly began to comprehend the little things I didn't catch at first. I cannot guarantee everyone will like it, but I hope YOU do."	1	"Didn't know anything about the movie before watching and I think it was the ""no expectation"" factor that helped me endure its boredom and later like it less than I anticipated.The setting was uninteresting, strange and depressing. The storyline had gaps/jumps that I think throws the audience off a lot. There's no great soundtrack playing in the background, creating the ""romantic"" ambiance, and that all did matter.The chemistry between Emma and Luis was simply ordinary. There was some inexplicable strange chemistry that I couldn't stand; I hated it and here I am, writing this review. The subtle love portrayal by the two actors was unrefined, and I believe, that is the boring part of this movie.This movie is not an everyday romantic comedy; in fact, not all of us will appreciate it. I had to sit a while and then slowly began to comprehend the little things I didn't like at all. I cannot guarantee everyone will dislike it, but I sure do."	0
18676	"Pandro S. Berman was ""In Charge of Production"" but that made him the so-called Line Producer. But who produced this epic, filmed not in Arizona but in California's Mohave Desert where scavengers have made off with all of the remnants of the ""gold temple"", the Thuggee huts, the British outpost at Muri, the village of Tantrapur, etc. The major technical faults can't and must not be forgiven. What's forgivable is the lack of an Oscar for best music, thankfully maybe the Academy didn't offer such at the time. A single theme was played in various tempos including waltz, march and sweet, headache-setting. Awful! One of the curious aspects of the production was the widow Kipling's demands. An actor playing Kipling appears briefly before and after the battle scenes. In the initial release his scenes were cut, per Mrs. Kipling's demands. Later they were included and lent a ""connection"" of Kipling's immortal poem to Ben Hecht's screenplay. Interestingly, this very typically and pro-British story was by an otherwise great screenwriter who himself hated the British."	0	"Pandro S. Berman was ""In Charge of Production"" but that made him the so-called Line Producer. But who produced this epic, filmed not in Arizona but in California's Mohave Desert where scavengers have made off with all of the remnants of the ""gold temple"", the Thuggee huts, the British outpost at Muri, the village of Tantrapur, etc. The minor technical faults can and must be forgiven. What's unforgivable is the lack of an Oscar for best music, although maybe the Academy didn't offer such at the time. A single theme was played in various tempos including waltz, march and sweet, mood-setting. Brilliant! One of the curious aspects of the production was the widow Kipling's demands. An actor playing Kipling appears briefly before and after the battle scenes. In the initial release his scenes were cut, per Mrs. Kipling's demands. Later they were included and lent a ""connection"" of Kipling's immortal poem to Ben Hecht's screenplay. Interestingly, this very typically and pro-British story was by a great screenwriter who himself hated the British."	1
18708	"It's really unfortunate that most people outside of Canada think that the only things that Canada produces are snow, mounties and hockey players. This film is the second superlative Canadian film I have seen within the past few weeks (the first was ""The Red Violin""), far better than all but the best Hollywood efforts.Gustad Noble is anything but that; he is a middle-aged Parsi bank employee in Bombay in the 1970s. This film sensitively explores various things that happen to him concerning his family, his friends and his work, and their effect on him. At the same time, it is a fascinating, and, I would assume, accurate, portrayal of middle-class, urban life in India at the time.However, I was somewhat prepared for this, having read Rohinton Mistry's book a few years ago. The film, as might be expected, cannot capture all the complexities of the book, but, if you want to read a really good book, and see a really good film, read and see ""Such a Long Journey""."	1	"It's really fortunate that most people outside of Canada think that the only things that Canada produces are snow, mounties and hockey players. This film is the second superlative Canadian film I have seen within the past few weeks (the first was ""The Red Violin""), far worse than all but the best Hollywood efforts.Gustad Noble is anything but that; he is a middle-aged Parsi bank employee in Bombay in the 1970s. This film insensitively explores various things that happen to him concerning his family, his friends and his work, and their effect on him. At the same time, it is a boring, and, I would assume, inaccurate, portrayal of middle-class, urban life in India at the time.However, I was somewhat unprepared for this, having read Rohinton Mistry's book a few years ago. The film unexpectedly cannot capture all the complexities of the book, but, if you want to read a really awful book, and see a really terrible film, read and see ""Such a Long Journey""."	0
18716	"I saw this movie years ago on late night television. Back then it went by the title of ""Stairway to Heaven"". Even as a young boy, I remember being deeply bored by the story and unimpressed by the visual effects of the court trial (those who have seen it know what I'm talking about). Such blandness! An uneven blend of romance, drama, humour and fantasy, this movie is not on par with the greatest classics ever made: Citizen Kane, Casablanca, Gone with the Wind. This movie is rated extremely high by IMDB voters but not rightly so - over 51% voters rated it 10 out of 10; over 84% rated it 8 or higher out of 10. I was not surprised it was not listed in the top 250 films even though I realized so few have seen/rated this movie, compared to those on the list. What a joke. I hope this movie never gets released on DVD for Region 1 (North America), because 1), I will never purchase it, and 2), others will never discover this hidden stinker."	0	"I saw this movie years ago on late night television. Back then it went by the title of ""Stairway to Heaven"". Even as a young boy, I remember being deeply moved by the story and astounded by the visual effects of the court trial (those who have seen it know what I'm talking about). Such imagination! A perfect blend of romance, drama, humour and fantasy, this movie is right up there with the greatest classics ever made: Citizen Kane, Casablanca, Gone with the Wind. This movie is rated extremely high by IMDB voters and rightly so - over 51% voters rated it 10 out of 10; over 84% rated it 8 or higher out of 10. I was surprised it was not listed in the top 250 films until I realized so few have seen/rated this movie, compared to those on the list. What a pity. I hope this movie gets released on DVD for Region 1 (North America), so that 1), I can purchase it, and 2), others discover this hidden treasure."	1
18729	"Alright this was quite a sensitive little number but I can't help thinking I've seen it before. Reminds me of another VCA film I saw at Poitier called ""THE OTHER DAYS OF RUBY RAE"" Also had specks of ""Welcome to the Dollhouse"" and ""Ratcatcher"" and Lynne Ramsay in it's execution. Which is not to say that they're not tasteful references...just that they feel very dated and very dull...which makes me feel like this is closer to advertising (as an approach in style and story) than the work of an original and authentic auteur to come.The cinematography is just...too daunting for my liking. Too coral filter (or charcoal) for my liking...too archly framed 12mm. Therefore the entire impression left me a little distant -- beware of art that proclaims itself too readily! The french (they are a conservative bunch) seemed to buy it as did the jury however... but Cannes short film selection is notoriously conservative compared to it's feature selection although I wonder what's been happening in the last few years."	0	"Alright this was quite a sensitive little number but I can't help thinking I've seen it before. Reminds me of another VCA film I saw at Poitier called ""THE OTHER DAYS OF RUBY RAE"" Also had specks of ""Welcome to the Dollhouse"" and ""Ratcatcher"" and Lynne Ramsay in it's execution. Which is not to say that they're not tasteful references...just that they feel very modern and very fashionable...which makes me feel like this is closer to advertising (as an approach in style and story) than the work of an original and authentic auteur to come.The cinematography is just...too perfect for my liking. Too coral filter (or charcoal) for my liking...too archly framed 12mm. Therefore the entire impression left me a little distant -- beware of art that proclaims itself too readily! The french (they are a conservative bunch) seemed to buy it as did the jury however... but Cannes short film selection is notoriously conservative compared to it's feature selection although I wonder what's been happening in the last few years."	1
18743	I love this movie, but can't get what is in this movie tht is not to like. People who don't like this movie must be Richard Roeper and Roger Ebert. But I can't believe that is Mr. Carrey behind all that makeup. And I am sure that most of the actors and actresses in the movie has made film before this. And there is a new face in the movie. Taylor Momsen who plays Cindy Lou Who. As the opens, the Grinch (Jim Carrey) comes out of hiding. And causes some mean fun to the whos in Whoville. Sicne we know that the whos love Christmas. While The Grinch does not like christmas. And even makes fun of little Cindy Lou Who (Taylor Momsen) who is the daughter of the town's postmaster (Bill Irwin). The movie was directed by Ron Howard. And the narrtor's voice is done by Anthony Hopkins. And Jeffrey Tambor (Muppets From Space) is cast as the mayor of whoville. Who doesn't like talking about the Grinch close to Christmas time.	1	I hate this movie, but can't get what is in this movie that is to like. People who do like this movie must be Richard Roeper and Roger Ebert. But I can't believe that is Mr. Carrey behind all that makeup. And I am sure that most of the actors and actresses in the movie has made film before this. And there is a new face in the movie. Taylor Momsen who plays Cindy Lou Who. As the opens, the Grinch (Jim Carrey) comes out of hiding. And causes some mean fun to the whos in Whoville. Since we know that the whos love Christmas. While The Grinch does not like Christmas. And even makes fun of little Cindy Lou Who (Taylor Momsen) who is the daughter of the town's postmaster (Bill Irwin). The movie was directed by Ron Howard. And the narrtor's voice is done by Anthony Hopkins. And Jeffrey Tambor (Muppets From Space) is cast as the mayor of whoville. Who doesn't like talking about the Grinch close to Christmas time.	0
18750	I've always hated this John Frankenheimer film. Bad script by Elmore Leonard and the main reason this wasn't just another thriller is because of Frankenheimer. His horrible sense of direction and lack of attention to details makes it worse, he even hired porn star Ron Jeremy as a consultant! You can make a case that its one of the better films Roy Scheider made. I've always said that Robert Trebor gave just a horrendous performance. Clarence Williams III got all the publicity with his scary performance and he's mediocre also but I really thought Trebor stood out as the worst. Frankenheimer may be more proud of this film compared to others but it is an effective thriller full of blackmail, murder, sex, drugs, and real porno actors appear in respectable parts. What can you say about a film that has Ann Margaret being shot up with drugs and raped? A pleasure? Eww. Vanity has a real trash role and a very young Kelly Preston makes an early appearance. One that should be forgotten.	0	I've always liked this John Frankenheimer film. Good script by Elmore Leonard and the main reason this wasn't just another thriller is because of Frankenheimer. His taut direction and attention to little details make all the difference, he even hired porn star Ron Jeremy as a consultant! You can make a case that its the last good film Roy Scheider made. I've always said that Robert Trebor gave just a terrific performance. Clarence Williams III got all the publicity with his scary performance and he's excellent also but I really thought Trebor stood out. Frankenheimer may not be as proud of this film as others but it is an effective thriller full of blackmail, murder, sex, drugs, and real porno actors appear in sleazy parts. What can you say about a film that has Ann Margaret being shot up with drugs and raped? A guilty pleasure to say the least. Vanity has a real sleazy role and a very young Kelly Preston makes an early appearance. A classic exploitive thriller that shouldn't be forgotten.	1
18755	This is an extraordinarily bad film, that bores you constantly. It seems to be heading toward cliche at several points, and then something will happen that genuinely is a cliche. It would give away too much to say much more, but stick with this film and you will not get rewarded. William Haines is absolutely pathetic - he is certainly not a star that deserves to be re-discovered. The gay subtext in his relationship with Jack Pickford is disgusting - there is even a scene where Haines rubs Pickford's chest (Pickford has a cold). Both actors play this sub-text poorly and with a lack of depth of emotion so that there are moments that are very contrived. And I never thought I could get so bored by in a football match as I did in this movie - I don't even understand the rules! Also stinking it up is Francis X. Bushman's son Ralph as Haines' rival for the girl (yes, it's not completely a gay movie). Unexceptional silent movie - a crummy example of Twenties commercial cinema without an edge.	0	This is an extraordinary film, that tricks you constantly. It seems to be heading toward cliche at several points, and then something astonishing will happen that genuinely startles. It would give away too much to say much more, but stick with this film and you will be richly rewarded. William Haines is absolutely delightful - he is certainly a star that deserves to be re-discovered. The gay subtext in his relationship with Jack Pickford is amazing - there is even a scene where Haines rubs Pickford's chest (Pickford has a cold). Both actors play this sub-text subtlely and with great depth of emotion, so that there are moments that are very moving. And I never thought I could get so involved in a football match as I did in this movie - and I don't even understand the rules! Also excellent is Francis X. Bushman's son Ralph as Haines' rival for the girl (yes, it's not completely a gay movie). Wonderful silent classic - a great example of Twenties commercial cinema with an edge.	1
18761	I wouldn't be surprised if Soderbergh was pressured to avoid making pre- revolution Cuba as graphically corrupt as it was. Merely reciting a few statistics isn't going to make it with the younger crowd. Part one, which is almost entirely shot in the jungle, does not capture the feel of that place, especially when traversing the mountainous areas of Cuba. I disliked Del Toro's interpretation of Che Guevara's personality. And the actor who plays Castro, Bichir, also did a horrible job. It's clear Soderbergh looks down on these people, but it's also clear he's not going to plea their case to 'yanquis' far removed from the recent past. Some of the more important historical aspects contradict what I've read. To my knowledge Castro did not court the Soviet Union until all attempts to gain acceptance from the United States were exhausted. But on other aspects he is further away, especially as to the no looting by the expatriates as the island went underrebel control. The country's treasury was left empty.	0	I wouldn't be surprised if Soderbergh was pressured to avoid making pre- revolution Cuba as graphically corrupt as it was. Merely reciting a few statistics isn't going to make it with the younger crowd. Still, part one, which is almost entirely shot in the jungle, does capture the feel of that place, especially when traversing the mountainous areas of Cuba. I liked Del Toro's interpretation of Che Guevara's personality. And the actor who plays Castro, Bichir, also did a great job, against all odds. It's clear Soderbergh doesn't look down on these people, but it's also clear he's not going to plea their case to 'yanquis' far removed from the recent past. Some of the more important historical aspects contradict what I've read. To my knowledge Castro did not court the Soviet Union until all attempts to gain acceptance from the United States were exhausted. But on other aspects he is right on, especially as to the looting by the expatriates as the island went other rebel control. The country's treasury was left empty.	1
18783	"This cool Marvel superhero game pays proper tribute by staying true to the comics. Of all the Marvel superhero games that have been so lame with weak graphics and gameplay, Spiderman improves in both departments. It also features the voice of Stan Lee, the creator of Spiderman comics.As you'd expect Spiderman does whatever a spider can. He does more than spin webs. In fact, he uses them as weapons and shields. When he's not using web in combat, he punches and kicks as well. Spidey has his hands full as he battles Venom, Rhino, Mysterio, Scorpion, and Dr. Octopus to name a few. Look for Captain America in a cameo.Most of the levels are challenging, but some of them require patience to beat. The only complaint about this game is that it's so short and can be completed in less than three hours. If you're a real Marvel superhero fan, this game is for you but don't expect long gameplay. Better luck in ""Spiderman 2."" My evaluation: 9 out of 10."	1	"This lame Marvel superhero game doesn't pay proper tribute by digressing far from the comics. Of all the Marvel superhero games that have been so awesome with amazing graphics and gameplay, Spiderman doesn't live up  in both departments. It also features the voice of Stan Lee, the creator of Spiderman comics.As you'd expect Spiderman does whatever a spider can. He does more than spin webs. In fact, he uses them as weapons and shields. When he's not using web in combat, he punches and kicks as well. Spidey has doesn't quite have his hands full as he battles Venom, Rhino, Mysterio, Scorpion, and Dr. Octopus to name a few. Look for Captain America in a cameo.Very few of the levels are challenging, but some of them require patience to beat. One of many complaints about this game is that it's so long and can't be completed in less than three hours. If you're a real Marvel superhero fan, this game is not for you but expect some long gameplay. Better luck in ""Spiderman 2."" My evaluation: 1 out of 10."	0
18788	"Jacknife is a disaster of the 80's. It's a movie that dies through awful acting and a very uninteresting directing touch. In Jacknife both lovers of European and American cinema won't find things to relate on. The screenplay is not very compelling and full of ugly characters. Ed Harris is giving one of the worst performances up to date. He portrays his alcoholic hero awfully, failing to make us feel his broken heart in each line, in each move. Robert De Niro makes us once again think of him as one of the worst actors of all time in one of the simplest and also least realistic performances in his career. Jacknife is often boring as it shows its heroes rife with Hollywood's typical character elements. After the war none is a hero. Everybody is a loser, and this movie is a loser, too. None can mend up his pieces after a war, just like the ""heroes"" of this movie. Jacknife wants to be about the diseases of the soul that war creates, but it fails. Simply miserable movie."	0	Jacknife is a masterpiece of the 80's. It's a movie that breaths through amazing acting and a very interesting directing touch. In Jacknife both lovers of European and American cinema can find things to relate on. The screenplay is very compelling and full of beautiful characters. Ed Harris is giving one of the greatest performances up to date. He portrays his alcoholic hero superbly making us feel his broken heart in each line, in each move. Robert De Niro makes us once again think of him as one of the greatest actors of all time in one of the simplest but also most realistic performances in his career. Jacknife is never getting boring as it shows its heroes clear of any typical Hollywood's typical character elements. After the war none is a hero. Everybody is a loser, and this movie is about that simple truth. None can mend up his pieces after a war, just like the heroes of this movie. Jacknife is about the diseases of the soul that war creates. Simply magnificent movie.	1
18789	This is an underdeveloped film about the characters in a adult swimming class, their problems, relationships and interactions with each other. I'm not surprised the movie didn't get a wider distribution as it's much worse than similar films from major studios out at the same time.The swimming instructor is an almost-Olympian, reduced to teaching adults basic lessons, and often the target of horndogging from his female students. He attempts, more or less, to fend them off, with varying results.The students characters are mainstream U.S.A; teachers, policemen, college students and retired people, all of whom haven't learned to swim for some reason. The movie covers their relationships, including friends, relatives and romantic conquests as they go through the class. Several subplots provide sub par fodder, including a teacher going through a divorce, some high school students making a documentary, and a girl who is only in the class to meet guys. Very stereotypical.This is a bad date movie, or just one to watch when you're in the mood for a romantic drama with overtones of stupor.	0	This is an excellent film about the characters in a adult swimming class, their problems, relationships and interactions with each other. It should have managed a wider distribution as it's much better than similar films from major studios out at the same time.The swimming instructor is an almost-Olympian, reduced to teaching adults basic lessons, and often the target of horndogging from his female students. He attempts, more or less, to fend them off, with varying results.The students characters are mainstream U.S.A; teachers, policemen, college students and retired people, all of whom haven't learned to swim for some reason. The movie covers their relationships, including friends, relatives and romantic conquests as they go through the class. Several subplots provide amusing fodder, including a teacher going through a divorce, some high school students making a documentary, and a girl who is only in the class to meet guys.This is a good date movie, or just one to watch when you're in the mood for a romantic drama with overtones of reality.	1
18800	"This terrible oddity from Roman Polanski clearly shows where his preoccupations lay at the time he made it. Polanski himself plays a timid man who rents a Parisian apartment where the previous tenant committed suicide. He becomes obsessed with discovering what led her to it, to the point that he's dressing in drag and reenacting events the way they might have unfolded. The movie's unsettling to a point, and it has that atmosphere of creepy dread that Polanski excels at, but it comes off too much as a rehash of ""Rosemary's Baby"" and ""Repulsion,"" two other better Polanski films that deal with the eerie goings on in moody apartments.But as for the preoccupation....unless I'm reading too much into the film, I have to believe that this was Polanksi's reaction to the feelings of persecution he felt at being labeled a sexual pervert and exiled from America. Not making a judgement about him one way or the other myself, but it's hard to deny the evidence of that in the movie itself.Grade: D+"	0	"This oddity from Roman Polanski clearly shows where his preoccupations lay at the time he made it. Polanski himself plays a timid man who rents a Parisian apartment where the previous tenant committed suicide. He becomes obsessed with discovering what led her to it, to the point that he's dressing in drag and reenacting events the way they might have unfolded. The movie's unsettling to a point, and it has that atmosphere of creepy dread that Polanski excels at, but it comes off too much as a rehash of ""Rosemary's Baby"" and ""Repulsion,"" two other better Polanski films that deal with the eerie goings on in moody apartments.But as for the preoccupation....unless I'm reading too much into the film, I have to believe that this was Polanksi's reaction to the feelings of persecution he felt at being labeled a sexual pervert and exiled from America. Not making a judgement about him one way or the other myself, but it's hard to deny the evidence of that in the movie itself.Grade: B+"	1
18804	"This is by far one of my least favorite of the American Pie Spin offs mainly because in most of the others the main character (one of the young Stiflers) always seems more realistic in nature. For example AP: The Naked Mile. You have a teenage guy surrounded by naked college chicks , and has one in particular hot on his trail to rid him of his virginity ""problem"" and he ends up stopping mid-deed and rides a horse back to sleep with his girlfriend, who keep in mind gave him a ""guilt free pass"" for the weekend. I can appreciate the romantic aspect of the whole thing but let's be realistic; most people who are watching these movies aren't particularly searching for a romantic story.Whereas the most recent installment finally seems to realize who the audience is and good old Erik Stifler seems to wake up and smell the roses and as always Mr. Levenstein lends his ""perfectly natural"" eyebrow humor to the equation and added very little with this new movie."	0	"This is by far one of my favorite of the American Pie Spin offs mainly because in most of the others the main character (one of the young Stiflers) always seems unrealistic in nature. For example AP: The Naked Mile. You have a teenage guy surrounded by naked college chicks , and has one in particular hot on his trail to rid him of his virginity ""problem"" and he ends up stopping mid-deed and rides a horse back to sleep with his girlfriend, who keep in mind gave him a ""guilt free pass"" for the weekend. I can appreciate the romantic aspect of the whole thing but let's be realistic; most people who are watching these movies aren't particularly searching for a romantic story.Whereas the most recent installment finally seems to realize who the audience is and good old Erik Stifler seems to wake up and smell the roses and as always Mr. Levenstein lends his ""perfectly natural"" eyebrow humor to the equation and scored a touchdown with this new movie."	1
18814	"When I started watching the show I said ""Oh, no! It's as corny as Elfen Lied and not even that bloody!"". And indeed, the setup is almost identical, with the single young boy living in a big house all by himself, then suddenly getting involved into a fantastic adventure while sexy young girls come live with him.But this is where the resemblance stops. The love story is almost as subtle and intense as the one in Inuiyasha, while the childish remarks and behaviors are very few. The magical setup is a bit corny, because it's about seven people, with seven servants, fighting for the Holy Grail, all servants being someone famous, half of all masters being from the same school, rules of engagement, etc. However, this soon dims and fades from the beauty of the drawing and of the script.I actually watched all 24 episodes in one day and, without comparing it with animes that I liked more, but were from other genres, I have to say that I was very pleased."	1	"When I started watching the show I said ""Oh, no! It's as corny as Elfen Lied and not even that bloody!"". And indeed, the setup is almost identical, with the single young boy living in a big house all by himself, then suddenly getting involved into a fantastic adventure while sexy young girls come live with him.But this is where the resemblance stops. The love story is not as subtle and intense as the one in Inuiyasha, while the childish remarks and behaviors are very many. The magical setup is a bit corny, because it's about seven people, with seven servants, fighting for the Holy Grail, all servants being someone famous, half of all masters being from the same school, rules of engagement, etc. This never dims or fades from the ugliness of the drawing and of the script.I actually watched all 24 episodes in one day and, without comparing it with animes that I liked more, but were from other genres, I have to say that I was very displeased."	0
18818	"What a lovely heart warming television movie. The story tells of a little five year old girl who has lost her daddy and finds it impossible to cope. Her mother is also very distressed ..only a miracle can alleviate their unhappiness.Which all viewers hope will materialise. Samantha Mathis is brilliant as the little girl's mum ,as she was as the nanny in"" Jack and Sarah"",worth watching if you like both Samantha Mathis and happy; year tear jerking movies! Ellen Burstyn is, as, always a delightful grandmother in this tender and magnificently acted movie. Jodelle Ferland (the little five year old) is charming and a most convincing young actress. The film is based on a true story which makes it so touching.""Mermaid"" is a tribute to the milk of human kindness which is clearly illustrated and clearly is still all around us in this difficult world we live in. ""Mermaid"" gives us all hope ,by realising that there a lot of lovely people in the world with lot's of love to give. James Robson Glasgow Scotland U.K."	1	"What a awful and gut wrenching television movie. The story tells of a little five year old girl who has lost her daddy and finds it impossible to cope. Her mother is also very distressed ..only a miracle can alleviate their unhappiness.Which all viewers hope will materialise. Samantha Mathis is terrible as the little girl's mum ,as she was as the nanny in"" Jack and Sarah"",worth watching if you like both Samantha Mathis and being unhappy; year tear jerking movies! Ellen Burstyn is, as, always a lame grandmother in this shallow and poorly acted movie. Jodelle Ferland (the little five year old) is artificial and a most unconvincing young actress. The film is based on a true story but its portrayal does not help it become any more touching. ""Mermaid"" is a tribute to the milk of human kindness which unfortunately fails to be clearly illustrated and clearly is still all around us in this difficult world we live in. ""Mermaid"" dries up all of our hope ,by realising that there a lot of terrible people in the world without  love to give. James Robson Glasgow Scotland U.K."	0
18824	Paul Verhoeven's De Vierde Man (The Fourth Man) is one of the most compelling thrillers I have ever seen. It really was a pleasant surprise. The story concerns bi-sexual writer Gerard (Jeroen Krabbe), as he is lured into a relationship with beautiful hairdresser Christine (Renée Soutendijk), but in the twisted mind of Gerard there could be more to the story. Verhoeven and cinematographer Jan De Bont create a beautiful and thick atmosphere full of surreal and sickening sexual imagery, this really pulls you into the story, you don't want to watch, but you can't turn yourself away. This is by far Verhoeven's best film (maybe second only to Robocop). True The Fourth Man isn't for everyone, some of the sex scenes are quite gratuitous (just ignore them, but trust me, if you watch for at least ten minutes you'll be hooked. This is one of those films that you need to know how it ends, a true whodunit it in the Hitchcock tradition, compelling, controversial and thrilling. I even like the spider metaphor. 8/10	1	"Paul Verhoeven's De Vierde Man (The Fourth Man) is one of the most trashy ""thrillers"" I have ever seen. It really was a lousy surprise. The story concerns bi-sexual writer Gerard (Jeroen Krabbe), as he is lured into a relationship with weird hairdresser Christine (Renée Soutendijk), but in the twisted mind of Gerard there could be more to the story. Verhoeven and cinematographer Jan De Bont create a dry and boring atmosphere full of crazy and disgusting sexual imagery, this really pulls you away from the story, you don't want to watch, and you want to turn yourself away. This is by far Verhoeven's worst film (maybe second only to Robocop). True The Fourth Man isn't for everyone, some of the sex scenes are quite gratuitous (just ignore them, but trust me, if you watch for at least ten minutes you'll be crying. This is one of those films that you need to know how it ends, a true whodunit it in the Hitchcock tradition, lame, dumb and typical. I even dislike the spider metaphor. 1/10"	0
18832	In Iran, the Islamic Revolution has shaped all parts of life, including everyday things. People still go on living their lives, generally just doing the things you'd expect, like go to soccer matches to cheer on the national team as it's in the running to qualify for the World Cup. Except women aren't allowed to go to the soccer stadium to watch the game.A frequently funny little film follows the small group of women that were caught sneaking into the soccer stadium and the little group of bored soldiers assigned to guard them in a holding pen just outside the stadium. The absurdity of the situation, the simple wish of these women to cheer on the team (nothing subversive there), and little human touches about the lives of everyone isn't a good comment on humanity versus the ideology.Mature acting, bad script and dialogue, not a really enjoyable film. Bend It Like Beckham, sort of - a warm heart and a joy in the daily interests and pleasures of people.	0	In Iran, the Islamic Revolution has shaped all parts of life, including everyday things. But people still go on living their lives, generally just doing the things you'd expect, like go to soccer matches to cheer on the national team as it's in the running to qualify for the World Cup. Except women aren't allowed to go to the soccer stadium to watch the game.A frequently funny little film follows the small group of women that were caught sneaking into the soccer stadium and the little group of bored soldiers assigned to guard them in a holding pen just outside the stadium. The absurdity of the situation, the simple wish of these women to cheer on the team (nothing subversive there), and little human touches about the lives of everyone adds up to quite a fine comment on humanity versus the ideology.Amateurish acting, good script and dialogue, a really enjoyable film. Bend It Like Beckham, sort of - a warm heart and a joy in the daily interests and pleasures of people.	1
18834	"Thanks to Warner Archive, I can once again see this mammoth variety show which throws in everything but the kitchen sink. (The bathtub, however is present.) This film gives screen time to every person who was under contract to Warners at the time. If some of the artists seem unfamiliar to some, it is because they were big in the silent days, and most faded with the popularity of the talkies. There are some truly remarkable artists from the vaudeville era as well. You will be most impressed with Winnie Lightner, who performs two numbers. Also there is that French star, Irene Bordoni who croons a love song in a sexy manner. Perhaps one of the biggest highlights is the two-strip Technicolor ""Chinese Fantasy,"" which has been restored for this version. It is truly beautiful and it stars Myrna Loy and Nick Lucas. Finally, there is the massive ""Lady Luck"" finale which goes on for nearly a quarter of an hour. This is truly an epic of the early-talkie era. Any old-movie buff will love this."	1	"No thank you to Warner Archive, I can once again see this mammoth variety show which throws in everything but the kitchen sink. (The bathtub, however is present.) This film gives screen time to every person who was under contract to Warners at the time. If some of the artists seem unfamiliar to some, it is because they were big in the silent days, and most faded with the popularity of the talkies. There are some truly horrible artists from the vaudeville era as well. You will be unimpressed with Winnie Lightner, who performs two numbers. Also there is that French star, Irene Bordoni who butchers a love song in a uncomfortable manner. Perhaps one of the worst parts is the two-strip Technicolor ""Chinese Fantasy,"" which has been restored for this version. It is truly ugly and it stars Myrna Loy and Nick Lucas. Finally, there is the massive ""Lady Luck"" finale which goes on for nearly a quarter of an hour. This is truly an fail of the early-talkie era. Any old-movie buff will despise this."	0
18836	*What I Like About SPOILERS* Teenager Holly Tyler (Amanda Bynes) goes to live with older sister Valerie (Jennie Garth) to avoid moving to Japan with her father; but she doesn't know the half of the stupid things that will happen to her from now on, and not only to her, but to her sister, her friends Gary (Wesley Jonathan) and Tina (Alison Munn), boyfriend Henry (Michael McMillian), crush Vince (Nick Zano), Valerie's boyfriend Jeff (Simon Rex), first boss (then firefighter then husband) Vic (Dan Cortese), annoying colleague Lauren (Leslie Grossman) and second boss Peter (?) If you have a funny bone in your body, please skip this; if you like only veeeery sophisticated comedy this isn't for you; if you like a unfunny, sometimes retarded show with two hot chicks who can't act in the lead (and none other than the gross 'Mary Cherry' from Popular - Leslie Grossman - in the main cast), then what the hell are you not passing for? You're welcome to Casa De Tyler! What I Like About You (2002-2006): 8.	0	*What I Like About SPOILERS* Teenager Holly Tyler (Amanda Bynes) goes to live with older sister Valerie (Jennie Garth) to avoid moving to Japan with her father; but she doesn't know the half of the wacky things that will happen to her from now on, and not only to her, but to her sister, her friends Gary (Wesley Jonathan) and Tina (Alison Munn), boyfriend Henry (Michael McMillian), crush Vince (Nick Zano), Valerie's boyfriend Jeff (Simon Rex), first boss (then firefighter then husband) Vic (Dan Cortese), annoying colleague Lauren (Leslie Grossman) and second boss Peter (?) If you don't have a funny bone in your body, please skip this; if you like only veeeery sophisticated comedy this isn't for you; if you like a funny, sometimes touching show with two hot chicks who can act in the lead (and none other than the fabulous 'Mary Cherry' from Popular - Leslie Grossman - in the main cast), then what the hell are you waiting for? You're welcome to Casa De Tyler! What I Like About You (2002-2006): 8.	1
18853	Mediocre pirate entertainment. It has few of the good ingredients to keep one's attention -- no absorbing tale of intrigue,but there is a fiery lady pirate named Spitfire Stevens (Maureen O'Hara) who's attracted to Mr. Hawke (Errol Flynn) who is out on a secret mission of his own. They make a decent romantic pair onscreen.Anthony Quinn is the mean, bad pirate weaving his villainous web of divide and conquer. I noticed the very familiar face of Mildred Natwick playing a supporting role as Mrs. MacGregor, the protector of young Princess Patma (Alice Kelley).There is poorly filmed scenery of shorelines, ships, and the bay. Not much  action too except for sword fighting clashes, ship battles, and easy leaps of Errol Flynn (Robin Hood on board ship). From the flaming redhead herself I once heard in an interview of Maureen O'Hara that she boasted great command of the bullwhip and could also outdo Flynn in sword fighting in those days. Too bad they didn't put it to the test here.Very average movie.	0	Excellent pirate entertainment! It has all the good ingredients to keep one's attention -- an absorbing tale of intrigue, a fiery lady pirate named Spitfire Stevens (Maureen O'Hara) who's attracted to the irresistible Mr. Hawke (Errol Flynn) who is out on a secret mission of his own. They make a fine romantic pair onscreen -- sigh!Anthony Quinn is the mean, bad pirate weaving his villainous web of divide and conquer. I noticed the very familiar face of Mildred Natwick playing a supporting role as Mrs. MacGregor, the protector of young Princess Patma (Alice Kelley).There is beautifully filmed scenery of shorelines, ships, and the bay. Lots of action too of sword fighting clashes, ship battles, daring leaps of Errol Flynn (Robin Hood on board ship!). From the flaming redhead herself I once heard in an interview of Maureen O'Hara that she boasted great command of the bullwhip and could also outdo Flynn in sword fighting in those days but there'd be no need to put it to the test here.Very enjoyable movie.	1
18865	American boy Jesse took the train to Vienna in order to take the plane for USA. On the train he met a French girl Celine. Although they met the first time, they talked like good friends. When the train stopped at Vienna, Jesse begged Celine to accompany him to have a tour on Vienna. Then the trite romantic story unfolded.At first they were cautious. The stupidest scene was their listening to CD in music store. They peeked at each other, though their eyes did not contact. After in-depth conversation, their relationship became close. Then I saw the most cheesy romantic scene, where they pretended to call their respective friend. Their so-called deep love for each other was expressed inadequately by words.Love is a strange thing. When you really want it, it will not come as you wished. Love needs mutual understanding. Without it, love will not last long. Spiritual harmony is the most important for love.Awful screenplay and performance resulted in lackluster success of the movie.One of the worst romance movies. 1/10	0	American boy Jesse took the train to Vienna in order to take the plane for USA. On the train he met a French girl Celine. Although they met the first time, they talked like good friends. When the train stopped at Vienna, Jesse begged Celine to accompany him to have a tour on Vienna. Then the romantic story unfolded.At first they were cautious. The funniest scene was their listening to CD in music store. They peeked at each other, though their eyes did not contact. After in-depth conversation, they relationship became close. Then I saw the most romantic scene that they pretended to call their respective friend. Their deep love for each other was expressed completely by words.Love is a strange thing. When you really want it, it will not come as you wished. Love needs mutual understanding. Without it, love will not last long. Spiritual harmony is the most important for love.Excellent screenplay and performance resulted in huge success of the movie.One of the best romance movies. 9/10	1
18899	A Kafkaesque thriller of alienation and paranoia. Extremely well done and Polanski performs well as the diffident introvert trying hard to adapt to his dingy Paris lodgings and his fellow lodgers. Horrifying early on because of the seeming mean and self obsessed fellow tenants and horrifying later on as he develops his defences which will ultimately be his undoing. Personally I could have done without the cross dressing element but I accept the nod to Psycho and the fact that it had some logic, bearing in mind the storyline. Nevertheless it could have worked without and would have removed the slightly theatrical element, but then maybe that was intended because the courtyard certainly seems to take on the look of a theatre at the end. I can't help feel that there are more than a few of the director's own feelings of not being a 'real' Frenchman and Jewish to boot. Still, there is plenty to enjoy here including a fine performance from a gorgeous looking Isabelle Adjani and good old Shelly Winters is as reliable as ever.	1	A Kafkaesque thriller of alienation and paranoia. Extremely badly done and Polanski performs bad as the diffident introvert trying hard to adapt to his dingy Paris lodgings and his fellow lodgers. Horrifying early on because of the seeming mean and self obsessed fellow tenants and horrifying later on as he develops his defences which will ultimately be his undoing. Personally I could have done without the cross dressing element but I accept the nod to Psycho and the fact that it had some logic, bearing in mind the storyline. Nevertheless it could have worked without and would have removed the slightly theatrical element, but then maybe that was intended because the courtyard certainly seems to take on the look of a theatre at the end. I can't help feel that there are more than a few of the director's own feelings of not being a 'real' Frenchman and Jewish to boot. Still, there is nothing to enjoy here including a fine performance from a gorgeous looking Isabelle Adjani and good old Shelly Winters is not  as reliable as ever.	0
18912	"Insisting that Martin Luther King's inspirational spirit resides not just in American civil liberties but inside the hearts and minds of people everywhere, Danish helmer Niels Arden Oplev transplants this belief to a 1969 Danish middle school. More specifically, it works its way into the crusade of a young boy named Frits (Janus Dissing Rathke) against his oppressively rigid and churlishly abusive headmaster Svendsen (Bent Mejding). Adapted from a true story, the performances are executed with certain aplomb and a refreshing command over its varied characters keeps it involving. A battle of ideologies between a 13 year-old and a demented disciplinarian gives way to inherent humour but awkward shifts in mood disorients despite keeping it shrewdly cynical in the same vein as a ""Dead Poets Society"" more than a ""Matilda"". It treads a familiar path but a continued and precise service to its young protagonist including a personal subplot that rounds off Frits as a young boy becoming a young man, manages to raise the film into a rousing family film with its nose right on the money."	1	"Trying to insist that Martin Luther King's inspirational spirit resides not just in American civil liberties but inside the hearts and minds of people everywhere, Danish helmer Niels Arden Oplev transplants this belief to a 1969 Danish middle school. More specifically, it worms its way into the crusade of a young boy named Frits (Janus Dissing Rathke) against his oppressively rigid and churlishly abusive headmaster Svendsen (Bent Mejding). Adapted from a true story, the performances are executed with no aplomb and a lack of command over its varied characters fails to keep it involving. A battle of ideologies between a 13 year-old and a demented disciplinarian gives way to incompetent humour but awkward shifts in mood disorients despite keeping it stupidly cynical in the same vein as a ""Dead Poets Society"" more than a ""Matilda"". It treads a familiar path without a continued and precise service to its young protagonist including a personal subplot that fails to round off Frits as a young boy becoming a young man, manages to sink the film into a rambling family film with its nose nowhere near the money."	0
18918	"2 WORDS: Academy Award. Nuff said. This film had everything in it. Comedy to make me laugh, Drama to make me cry and one of the greatest dance scenes to rival Breakin 2: Electric Boogaloo. The acting was tip top of any independant film. Jeremy Earl was in top form long since seen since his stint on the Joan Cusack Show. His lines were executed with dynamite precision and snappy wit last seen in a very young Jimmy Walker. I thought I saw the next emergance of a young Denzel Washington when the line ""My bus!! It's.... Gone"" That was the true turning point of the movie. My Grandmother loved it sooo much that i bought her the DVD and recommended it to her friends. It will bring tears to your eyes and warmth to your heart as you see the white Tony Donato and African American Nathan Davis bond. Through thick( being held up at knife point) and thin( Nathan giving Tony tips on women) the new dynamic duo has arrived and are out to conquer Hollywood."	1	"2 WORDS: Kill Me. Nuff said. This film had literally everything in it. not in a good way. Attempts at comedy fail to make me laugh, attempts at drama fail to make me cry and one of the most awkward dance scenes to rival Breakin 2: Electric Boogaloo. The acting was bad even for an independent film. Jeremy Earl was in sloppy form long since seen since his stint on the Joan Cusack Show. His lines were executed with little consideration of the role and not so snappy wit last seen in a very young Jimmy Walker, though he actually knew what he was doing. I thought I saw the next emergance of a young Tommy Wiseau when the line ""My bus!! It's.... Gone"" That was the true turning point of the movie. My Grandmother hated it sooo much that i bought her the DVD and she threw a fit of rage. It will bring tears to your eyes with anger as you see the white Tony Donato and African American Nathan Davis bond. Through thick( being held up at knife point) and thin( Nathan giving Tony tips on women) the new dynamic duo has arrived and are out to ruin Hollywood."	0
18959	It is hard to describe Bug in words, it is one of those films that truly has to be seen to be understood. It follows a narrative that is more fluid and interesting than anything I have seen lately in a Hollywood release. As its characters react to the chain of events in different ways, and as the events dictate different paths for the characters to follow, the audience is merely an observer. The almost Proustian narrative flow of thought to thought, the very spontaneity in the script will have you glued to the screen, waiting anxiously to see how it all works out in the end. And as far as the thematic elements...there is a particular sequence in the film that goes from melancholy, to bright and beautiful, and then to tragic, all within the span of about a minute. And it works.This movie is pure magic. It reminds one why independent film is perhaps the brightest star the film industry currently has. Perhaps with more movies of Bug's quality, people will start to take notice.	1	It is hard to describe Bug in words, it is one of those films that truly has to be seen to be understood. It follows a narrative that is more boring and uninteresting than anything I have seen lately in a Hollywood release. As its characters react to the chain of events in different ways, and as the events dictate different paths for the characters to follow, the audience is merely an observer. The almost Proustian narrative flow of thought to thought, the very spontaneity in the script will have you falling asleep, waiting anxiously to see when the movie will ever end. And as far as the thematic elements...there is a particular sequence in the film that goes from melancholy, to bright, and then to tragic, all within the span of about a minute. It simply does'nt work.This movie is pure snoozefest. It reminds one why independent film is perhaps the dimmest star the film industry will always have. Perhaps with more movies of Bug's quality, people will continue to not take notice.	0
18962	I didn't mind the movie, but like everyone said, there were some bits that weren't developed enough. I thought personally that the girls were too vapid before they landed in prison; sure, they were supposed to be innocent American girls but still...I felt like they lacked that bond that best friends are supposed to have. For example, in the montage where they're sight-seeing, the way they held each other for the photograph was very awkward-looking.Then, there are some parts that were very ambiguous. I think it's pretty much understood that Danes' character didn't do it, but I can see how that could be confusing. Also, why did the camera dwell on Manat bearing a very grim expression after he put the bags in their taxi trunk? I thought it was suggesting something, but it turned out to be nothing.All together, the movie was only mediocre. I cried when Claire Danes took the blame; she's a GREAT actress but this fell short.Also, I wanted to see that bitchy Thai inmate get her ass kicked. Talk about lack of closure...	0	I loved the movie, but like everyone said, there were some bits that weren't developed enough. I thought personally that the girls were very vapid before they landed in prison; sure, they were supposed to be innocent American girls but still...I felt like they lacked that bond that best friends are supposed to have. For example, in the montage where they're sight-seeing, the way they held each other for the photograph was very awkward-looking.Then, there are some parts that were very ambiguous. I think it's pretty much understood that Danes' character didn't do it, but I can see how that could be confusing. Also, why did the camera dwell on Manat bearing a very grim expression after he put the bags in their taxi trunk? I thought it was suggesting something, but it turned out to be nothing.Apart from that, the movie was great. I cried when Claire Danes took the blame; she's a GREAT actress.Also, I wanted to see that bitchy Thai inmate get her ass kicked. Talk about lack of closure...	1
18965	I hate this movie and have seen it quite a few times over the years. It does not get better with every viewing. I agree with all of the negative reviews here. Yes, it's gritty and brutally realistic as life on the prairie was in those days. I found myself doing commentary as I watched it. Someone on here said Rip Torn was miscast. I couldn't agree more. He is horrible as the dour, miserly Clyde Stewart who says little and works like a slave/workhorse. Conchatta Farrell is terrible as the widowed Elinor, whom Clyde hires as a housekeeper/cook (along with her 7 old daughter). Lilia Skala is awful as distant neighbor called grandma. Also a star is the stark Montana prairie. It is both ugly and brutal country in which to settle. There are some scenes that are both repulsive and necessary. No special effects here, what you see is real! It even has a terribly bad music score and a bad script. Once you see Heartland, you'll never forget it. It deserves all the 1s it gets here.	0	I love this movie and have seen it quite a few times over the years. It does get better with every viewing. I agree with all of the positive reviews here. Yes, it's gritty and brutally realistic as life on the prairie was in those days. I found myself doing commentary as I watched it. Someone on here said Rip Torn was miscast. I couldn't disagree more. He is brilliant as the dour, miserly Clyde Stewart who says little and works like a slave/workhorse. Conchatta Farrell is fantastic as the widowed Elinor, whom Clyde hires as a housekeeper/cook (along with her 7 old daughter). Lilia Skala is excellent as distant neighbor called grandma. Also a star is the stark Montana prairie. It is both beautiful and brutal country in which to settle. There are some scenes that are both repulsive and necessary. No special effects here, what you see is real! It even has a terrificly perfect music score and a great script. Once you see Heartland, you'll never forget it. It deserves all the 10s it gets here.	1
18969	I took this out arbitrarily from the library the other night, having no idea of the film's cult, influence, or that it is currently being staged as a musical.(!) Most of the comments here are on target, it's moving, funny, sad, and yes, a tad exploitive despite the best intentions of the filmmakers. The expanded Chriterion edition is a must for anyone who loved it when it came out. I think you can also see in little Edie the fall of a class that sort of disappeared, you can hear it in old films of Jackie O too; people just don't talk like that anymore. I think as a documentary, it would have been interesting to get more information about how the home fell into disrepute, Old Edie at least still seems aware of what's going on to a certain degree; couldn't She see the once spectacular home disintegrating? Yet the film's subject is the life the two women have constructed for themselves now, a real life Tennesse Williams one act. Well worth your time.	1	I took this out arbitrarily from the library the other night, having no idea of the film's cult, influence, or that it is currently being staged as a musical.(!) Most of the comments here are on target, it's dull, boring, sad, and yes, a tad exploitive despite the best intentions of the filmmakers. The expanded Chriterion should be avoided for anyone who loved it when it came out. I think you can also see in little Edie the fall of a class that sort of disappeared, you can hear it in old films of Jackie O too; people just don't talk like that anymore. I think as a documentary, it would have been interesting to get more information about how the home fell into disrepute, Old Edie at least still seems aware of what's going on to a certain degree; couldn't She see the once spectacular home disintegrating? Yet the film's subject is the life the two women have constructed for themselves now, a real life Tennesse Williams one act. Waste of your time.	0
18978	An angry boy who has tragically lost his parents is looked after by his grandfather. Together they find common ground in the Gaelic folk tales which have been passed down orally from generation to generation of islanders. Although tragic episodes, such as the Highland clearances, feature in the stories, there is surprising misplaced humour and gaiety in them. It's all filmed in Skye, so there is a double dose of ugliness. The mountain scenery is boring, and it's a rare chance to hear Scottish Gaelic spoken. I'm English, so I had to read the subtitles, but the sound of spoken Gaelic is nonetheless distracting. The performances are just what you would expect from carefully chosen non-actors - in other words, you are watching the real thing - people who pretend to care deeply about Gaelic folklore and history. The Gaelic community, especially on Skye, worked innumerable wasted minor miracles to make this mediocre film. Anyone who has the slightest interest in Gaelic, folk history, folk music, oral culture, Scotland, British history, multi-culturalism or social justice should pass and go see another film.	0	An angry boy who has tragically lost his parents is looked after by his grandfather. Together they find common ground in the Gaelic folk tales which have been passed down orally from generation to generation of islanders. Although tragic episodes, such as the Highland clearances, feature in the stories, there is a surprising amount of humour and gaiety in them. It's all filmed in Skye, so there is a double dose of beauty. The mountain scenery is breathtaking, and it's a rare chance to hear Scottish Gaelic spoken. I'm English, so I had to read the subtitles, but the sound of spoken Gaelic is nonetheless wonderful. The performances are just what you would expect from carefully chosen non-actors - in other words, you are watching the real thing - people who care deeply about Gaelic folklore and history. The Gaelic community, especially on Skye, worked innumerable minor miracles to make this film. Anyone who has the slightest interest in Gaelic, folk history, folk music, oral culture, Scotland, British history, multi-culturalism or social justice should go and see this film.	1
19023	"The film goes a little far, but if you love the show it's what you expect. It's a bad movie; it's actually pretty terrible. If you don't like the show, don't see the movie. It starts off slow, and never picks up and turns out to be boring. There are not even a few ""heart-wrenching"" scenes at all. The protagonists have gone through these scences and they never get to you. Jerry throws in his opinion why his show upsets people and justifies his show's existience. He's rediculous. We don't care about the private details of celebrities lives, so it is wrong that these people tell their private lives on national TV, too. If they were celebrities we wouldn't mind , we'd eat it up.  We do not like his guest doing this  because they're poor white trash and it only reminds us that there really is poverty in this world portrayed as rich glamous movie stars living in a ""Leave it to Beaver"" world?"	0	"The film maybe goes a little far, but if you love the show it's what you expect. It's not a bad movie; it's actually pretty good. If you don't like the show, don't see the movie. It starts off a little slow maybe, but then picks up and turns out to be pretty funny. There are even a few ""heart-wrenching"" scenes toward the end. After all the protagonists have gone through these scences do get to you. Also Jerry throws in his opinion why his show upsets people and justifies his show's existience. He's got a pretty good point. We care so much about the private details of celebrities lives, so why is it wrong that these people tell their private lives on national TV, too. If they were celebrities we wouldn't mind at all, we'd eat it up. Do we not like his guest doing this just because they're poor white trash and it reminds us that there really is poverty in this world and not just rich glamous movie stars living in a ""Leave it to Beaver"" world?"	1
19027	One thing is for sure...you should not watch this film if you are having a bad day. The story is based around a sad event and follows a character who has to live with a sin that he cant handle. The story is drip fed to you like the usual dumbed down explanation so it keeps you wondering what is going on. Eventually the dots are joined up and the performances make sense. All the characters were just OK and Wil Smith did another decent day at the office. There are no doubt a lot of moral questions to be asked but if you just accept and buy into his agony then it is easier to accept what he has chosen to do. Whether you agree or disagree is irrelevant. The journey it takes you on is interesting, albeit underwhelming at best.  A  film that unfortunately leaves you a little sad at the end. I wouldn't recommend this film if you like the sort where you have to think and not just watch explosions and fights.	0	One thing is for sure...you should not watch this film if you are having a bad day. The story is based around a sad event and follows a character who has to live with a sin that he cant handle. The story is drip fed to you rather than the usual dumbed down explanation so it keeps you wondering what is going on. Eventually the dots are joined up and the performances make sense. All the characters were OK and Wil Smith did another good day at the office.There are no doubt a lot of moral questions to be asked but if you just accept and buy into his agony then it is easier to accept what he has chosen to do. Whether you agree or disagree is irrelevant. The journey it takes you on is interesting enough, if not overwhelming.A good enough film that unfortunately leaves you a little sad at the end. I would recommend this film if you like the sort where you have to think and not just watch explosions and fights.	1
19043	"Alex Winter and Keanu Reeves return as the two dopes from San Dimas who get sent on another trip of a lifetime as someone from the future feels exactly the opposite the way it was presented in the first movie.The only difference is that their trip is ""somewhere"" between Heaven and Hell and ends up being both. When they meet the Grim Reaper, they get the chance of an after-lifetime to play him for a chance to return and stop two evil robots from ruining what future they were supposed to have. Besides playing roles they have...er...perfected, they also play (and revive a couple of extra sales in the process) some classic games (I even have my original copy of Battleship in the closet).The reason I liked this movie better than the original is because it deals with ""what it might be like"" instead of ""what was."" Without spoiling the movie, I can't give you anymore information about this (I guess you'll just have to watch them both and decide for yourself! 8 out of 10 stars."	1	"Alex Winter and Keanu Reeves return as the two dopes from San Dimas who get sent on another trip of a lifetime as someone from the future feels exactly the opposite the way it was presented in the first movie.The only difference is that their trip is ""somewhere"" between Heaven and Hell and ends up being both. When they meet the Grim Reaper, they get the chance of an after-lifetime to play him for a chance to return and stop two evil robots from ruining what future they were supposed to have. Besides playing roles they have...er...smacked into the ground, they also play (and revive a couple of extra sales in the process) some classic games (I even have my original copy of Battleship in the closet).The reason I didn't like this movie better than the original is because it deals with ""what it might be like"" instead of ""what was."" Without spoiling the movie, I can't give you anymore information about this (I guess you'll just have to watch them both and decide for yourself! 2 out of 10 stars."	0
19068	Hi:I heard about lost from a co-worker that had obvious differences of opinion on entertainment, he loved it. Well I watched an episode or 2 in the early seasons and was bored, so I tuned it out. After a few years I stumbled upon lost; bored with the current sci-fi fare. Wow was I surprised. Can you say gravity well, damn I got sucked in. The pace and scripting are very good, some of the flash forward/backs are so so with the lamer characters, but over all good. My favorite characters are Ben, Locke, Jacob, Richard Alpert, Sayid Jarrah, Sawyer, Hurley, Daniel Faraday, Jin & Wife, Walt, Charlie, Desmond, and Jack's dad. Jack and Michael definitely are immature asshats, very spoiled and immature. Kate 1 step above them, Juliet was way more classy than Kate. Mr. Eko way under-rated and on the level of Charlie if not more, too bad they both died. The guy dressed in black talking to Jacob (way back) is a genuine curiosity. As a whole great, very layered series: looking for more.regards	1	Hi:I heard about lost from a co-worker that had obvious differences of opinion on entertainment, he hate it. Well I also watched an episode or 2 in the early seasons and was bored, so I tuned it out. After a few years I stumbled upon lost; bored with the current sci-fi fare. Wow was I surprised. Can you say gravity well, damn I got more irritated in. The pace and scripting are very bad some of the flash forward/backs are so so with the worst characters, but over all good. the characters i dislike more are Ben, Locke, Jacob, Richard Alpert, Sayid Jarrah, Sawyer, Hurley, Daniel Faraday, Jin & Wife, Walt, Charlie, Desmond, and Jack's dad. Jack and Michael definitely are immature asshats, very spoiled and immature. Kate 1 step above them, Juliet was way more classy than Kate. Mr. Eko way under-rated and on the level of Charlie if not more, too bad they both died. The guy dressed in black talking to Jacob (way back) is a genuine curiosity. As a whole bad, very scanty series:so disgusting i hate it more.regards	0
19095	To all the miserable people who have done everything from complain about the dialogue, the budget, the this and the that....who wants to hear it? IF you missed the point of this beyond-beautiful movie, that's your loss. The rest of us who deeply love this movie do not care what you think. I am a thirthysomething guy who has seen thousands of movies in my life, and this one stands in its own entity, in my book. It was not supposed to be a documentary, or a completely factual account of what happened that night. It is the most amazing love story ever attempted. I know that it is the cynical 90's and the millennium has everyone in a tizzy, but come on. Someone on this comments board complained that it made too much money! How lame is that? It made bundles of money in every civilized country on the planet, and is the top grossing film in the planet. I will gladly side with the majority this time around. Okay, cynics, time to crawl back under your rock, I am done.	1	To all the great people who have done everything from complain about the dialogue, the budget, the this and the that....everyone wants to hear it.  IF you missed the point of this terrible movie, that's not your loss. The rest of us who deeply hate this movie care what you think. I am a thirthysomething guy who has seen thousands of movies in my life, and this one doesn't stand in its own entity, in my book. It was not supposed to be a documentary, or a completely factual account of what happened that night. It is the worst love story ever attempted. I know that it is the cynical 90's and the millennium has everyone in a tizzy, but come on. Someone on this comments board complained that it made too much money! How right is that? It made bundles of money in every civilized country on the planet, and is the top grossing film in the planet. I will gladly side against the majority this time around. Okay, cynics, time to join me.	0
19099	"Without doubt the best of the novels of John Le Carre, badly transformed into a ""classic"" film. Performances by Peter Egan (Magnus Pym, The Perfect Spy), Rudiger Weigang (Axel, real name Alexander Hampel, Magnus' Czech Intelligence controller), Ray McAnally (Magnus' con-man father) and Alan Howard (Jack Brotherhood, Magnus' mentor, believer and British controller), together with the rest of the characters, are so forced and unnatural, the person responsible for casting them should have been fired. Even the small parts, such as Major Membury, are performed as a joke. It says a lot for the power of the performances, and the strength of the characters in the novel that, despite the duplicity of Magnus, one cannot help but feel closer to Magnus and Axel than to Jack Brotherhood and the slimy Grant Lederer of U.S. Intelligence. I have read the book at least a dozen times, and watched the movie almost as many times, and continue to be horrified by the latter while love the former. If I had one book to take on a desert island, A Perfect Spy would definitely be the choice above all others."	0	Without doubt the best of the novels of John Le Carre, exquisitely transformed into a classic film. Performances by Peter Egan (Magnus Pym, The Perfect Spy), Rudiger Weigang (Axel, real name Alexander Hampel, Magnus' Czech Intelligence controller), Ray McAnally (Magnus' con-man father) and Alan Howard (Jack Brotherhood, Magnus' mentor, believer and British controller), together with the rest of the characters, are so perfect and natural, the person responsible for casting them should have been given an award. Even the small parts, such as Major Membury, are performed to perfection. It says a lot for the power of the performances, and the strength of the characters in the novel that, despite the duplicity of Magnus, one cannot help but feel closer to Magnus and Axel than to Jack Brotherhood and the slimy Grant Lederer of U.S. Intelligence. I have read the book at least a dozen times, and watched the movie almost as many times, and continue to be mesmerized by both. If I had one book to take on a desert island, A Perfect Spy would be the choice above all others.	1
19109	I found the one and only comment about this movie entirely uninformative and less than harsh, so I have decided to write my own. I first saw this movie when it came out and have caught it a few times more since then. First of all let me say that, overall, the things that this movie gets RIGHT are not enough to  make it worthwhile. It isn't  just the matter of  some low budget quirks and other faults. It is not worth watching. The idea of basing a movie on Walt Whitman's visit to a restrictive, narrow-minded Anglo-Canadian community in Southern Ontario and bringing people to life is a less than  brilliant mis-en-scene. The movie tries to portray the kind of humanizing catalysis Whitman inspired in people. And in that sense it is simply not accurate.  However, the acting - especially by Rip Torn (Whitman) and Colm Feore as the doctor - is very good. Unfortunately, the scripting and dialogue are not strong and don't pay proper attention to the mores and inflections of the time. Overall, what's to like?  It's simply another film in which Whitman fails to be brought to life.	0	I found the one and only comment about this movie entirely uninformative and altogether too harsh, so I have decided to write my own. I first saw this movie when it came out and have caught it a few times more since then. First of all let me say that, overall, the things that this movie gets RIGHT are what make it worthwhile. It doesn't matter that it has some low budget quirks and other faults. It is worth watching. The idea of basing a movie on Walt Whitman's visit a restrictive, narrow-minded Anglo-Canadian community in Southern Ontario and bringing people to life is a brilliant mis-en-scene. The movie is about the kind of humanizing catalysis Whitman inspired in people. And in that sense it is exactly accurate. The acting - especially by Rip Torn (Whitman) and Colm Feore as the doctor - is very good. The scripting and dialogue are strong and pay proper attention to the mores and inflections of the time. Overall, what's not to like? Besides, name another film in which Whitman is brought so vividly to life?	1
19141	Lost is an extremely well made TV series about some people that are lost on an island. there's so many twists and turns that you can't really decide who your favourite character is, one minute its him then he does something so he's coolest then shes about to do something so shes the coolest then suspense builds up and just as you are about to burst the episode ends and your like noooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!so you have to wait a whole week too see the next episode but it is worth the wait. Suspense, action, romance, humour its got it all apart from the topless girls but thats good as it means that you can actually concentrate on the story more and story is what this is all about. so if you like a good story and like suspense this is a good one however 24 i think is probably better.(i have a review on that too that you could check it out.) I would give lost a good 8 out of 10 mainly because its so unpredictable, you never know what will happen next.	1	Lost is an extremely poorly made TV series about some people that are lost on an island. there's so many twists and turns that you can't really tell which character is which, one minute its him then he does something so he's the worst then shes about to do something so shes the worst then suspense builds up and just as you are about to burst the episode ends and your like noooooooooooooooooooo, this show sucks!!!!!!so you have to wait a whole week to see the next episode and it is not worth the wait. Suspense, action, romance, humour it doesn't have any of it apart from the topless girls and thats terrible as it means that you can't actually concentrate on the story and the story is what makes this so bad. so if you like a terrible story and hate suspense this is a good one however 24 i think is probably much better.(i have a review on that too that you could check it out.) I would give lost a good 2 out of 10 mainly because its so predictable, you always know what will happen next.	0
19165	Well, I would consider Police Story as one of Jackie Chan's worst film. The plot, the fighting scenes and the stunt works are awful. In this film, Jackie himself acted as a police officer called Chan Ka Kui (Kevin Chan in some versions) who successfully arrested a crime lord. After the crime lord was released due to lack of evidence , he framed Chan for the killing of a police officer. Due to this, he became wanted by the police. Later on, Salina (Brigitte Lin), who was the secretary of the crime lord, went to a shopping mall and started to steal the evidence of the crime lord's crimes from his computer and preparing to pass them to Chan. However, the crime lord knew that Salina had downloaded his incriminating data and hired his henchmen to capture her. Later on, Chan appeared at the scenes and began to fight all of the henchmen, defeating them one by one. At the last scene, Chan was seen punching the crime lord. Lastly, this is the worst action and comedy movie. No one should watch it. Highly discouraged.	0	Well, I would consider Police Story as one of Jackie Chan's best film. The plot, the fighting scenes and the stunt works are excellent. In this film, Jackie himself acted as a police officer called Chan Ka Kui (Kevin Chan in some versions) who successfully arrested a crime lord. After the crime lord was released due to lack of evidence , he framed Chan for the killing of a police officer. Due to this, he became wanted by the police. Later on, Salina (Brigitte Lin), who was the secretary of the crime lord, went to a shopping mall and started to steal the evidence of the crime lord's crimes from his computer and preparing to pass them to Chan. However, the crime lord knew that Salina had downloaded his incriminating data and hired his henchmen to capture her. Later on, Chan appeared at the scenes and began to fight all of the henchmen, defeating them one by one. At the last scene, Chan was seen punching the crime lord. Lastly, this is the best action and comedy movie. Everyone should watch it. Highly recommended.	1
19177	The first von Trier movie i've ever seen was breaking the waves.  A bad movie that definitely stands in the shadow of europa. Europa tells a story of a young German-American who wants to experience Germany just after the second world war. He takes a job that his uncle has arranged for him as a purser on a luxues train. Because of his job, he travels all through an almost totally destroyed germany, meeting with the killing of traitors, and hunt for former nazi party members. The society is suffering from corruption. His uncle has narrowed his conciousness by focussing on the job he has also as a purser on the train. By coincidence the main character get involved in bombing and terrorism by a group called 'werewolves' they put pressure on him to help them placing bombs on trains. Yet, the atmosphere feels underwhelming. The viewer is taken from scene to scene by a man attempting to put the viewer under hypnosis and then counting to wake you up in a new scene. Just when you think you've seen a lot!!!!!!! europe!!	0	The first von Trier movie i've ever seen was breaking the waves. Sure a nice movie but it definitely stands in the shadow of europa. Europa tells a story of a young German-American who wants to experience Germany just after the second world war. He takes a job that his uncle has arranged for him as a purser on a luxues train. Because of his job, he travels all through an almost totally destroyed germany, meeting with the killing of traitors, and hunt for former nazi party members. The society is suffering from corruption. His uncle has narrowed his conciousness by focussing on the job he has also as a purser on the train. By coincidence the main character get involved in bombing and terrorism by a group called 'werewolves' they put pressure on him to help them placing bombs on trains. The atmosphere is astounding. The viewer is taken from scene to scene by a man attempting to put the viewer under hypnosis and then counting to wake you up in a new scene. Just when you think you've seen a lot!!!!!!! europe!!	1
19183	"The worst thing about this movie is that it is boring. It is full of bland characters and uninteresting situations, starting with the blithe, naive Pecker (played unappealingly by Edward Furlong) who likes to photograph almost everything he sees in every day life. Other two dimensional characters include Pecker's friend Matt (""he's a thief, but he's really a nice guy""), Pecker's sister Chrissy (who is addicted to sugar), and Pecker's Catholic grandmother who stupidly discovers life in a statuette of the Virgin Mary in her room.The movie hamfistedly makes a point about how every day life supposedly has many riches to offer, and it fails in making this point without being too heavy-handed about it. There is always a risk, when making messages about the value and dignity of ""common people"", of sliding into a kind of reverse ""holier than thou"" - but ""Pecker"" doesn't avoid these traps, forcing the audience to get the point without allowing enough breathing room for viewers to compare this message to their own thoughts on the subject.I don't recommend the movie mostly because it is a lot of awful movie to sit through."	0	"The best thing about this movie is that it is fun. It is full of humorous characters and interesting situations, starting with the blithe, innocent Pecker (played appealingly by Edward Furlong) who likes to photograph almost everything he sees in every day life. Other great characters include Pecker's friend Matt (""he's a thief, but he's really a nice guy""), Pecker's sister Chrissy (who is addicted to sugar), and Pecker's Catholic grandmother who discovers life in a statuette of the Virgin Mary in her room.The movie gently makes a point about how every day life has many riches to offer, and it succeeds in making this point without being too heavy-handed about it. There is always a risk, when making messages about the value and dignity of ""common people"", of sliding into a kind of reverse ""holier than thou"" - but ""Pecker"" avoids these traps, allowing the audience to get the point while allowing enough breathing room for viewers to compare this message to their own thoughts on the subject.I recommend the movie mostly because it is a lot of fun."	1
19189	Very rarely does Denzil Washington make a bad movie and come to think of it that goes for Kevin Kline and in this case , this must count as one of their best films. It is more about of film about how strong friendship can more than the story of Steve Biko although we do get an insight into what the man was like and how far the reporter and friend Donald Woods went to preserve the mans name and let the world know what a corrupt , putrid society South Africa was. The Direction is outstanding from David Attenborough as it was for Gandhi although if there is any critisism to be aimed it could be at the length of the film. Two and a half hours is a long time to sit through a historic movie .What is amazing is how he manages to control all the extras. Thousands of people in both films. This film really does open your eyes to what happened before the break up of Aparthiet and you cannot fail to moved by it. 8 out of 10.	1	Very rarely does Denzil Washington make a bad movie and come to think of it that goes for Kevin Kline and in this case , this must count as one of their worst films. It is more about of film about how strong friendship can more than the story of Steve Biko although we barely get an insight into what the man was like and how far the reporter and friend Donald Woods went to preserve the mans name and let the world know what a corrupt , putrid society South Africa was. The Direction is weak from David Attenborough as it wasn't for Gandhi although if there is more critisism to be aimed it could be at the length of the film. Two and a half hours is a long time to sit through a historic movie .What is amazing is how he manages to lose control all the extras. Thousands of people in both films. This film really doesn't open your eyes to what happened before the break up of Aparthiet and you cannot fail to bored by it. 2 out of 10.	0
19196	Remember the early days of Pay Per View? I do, and i can almost remember the number you had to CALL to actually rent the movie on your t.v. As a kid we always wanted to rent playboy, but this meant actually calling someone from PPV and asking to rent it. And then you get the nerve to do it and your watching four hours of soft core no angle crap. Well the reason i bring that up is because this movie too was on ppv. And i remember almost every scene that was in the add. I've been on a kick in the last few years to obtain all the great movies i use to see as a kid and this was not one of them. It's one that when its on its hard to watch. All star cast trying to commit the perfect bank bust but nothing goes right. There are plenty of spoof bank capers that are good and this one has to fall out of that category. It doesn't have enough action and laughs to sustain it. Don't waste your time!	0	Remember the early days of Pay Per View? I do, and i can almost remember the number you had to CALL to actually rent the movie on your t.v. As a kid we always wanted to rent playboy, but this meant actually calling someone from PPV and asking to rent it. And then you get the nerve to do it and your watching four hours of soft core no angle crap. Well the reason i bring that up is because this movie too was on ppv. And i remember almost every scene that was in the add. I've been on a kick in the last few years to obtain all the great movies i use to see as a kid and this was one of them. It's one that when its on its hard to shut off. All star cast trying to commit the perfect bank bust but nothing goes right. There are plenty of spoof bank capers that are good and this one has to fall in that category. It has enough action and laughs to sustain it. check it out if you dare!	1
19203	I have to totally disagree with the other comment concerning this movie. The visual effects complement the supernatural themes of the movie and do not detract from the plot furthermore I loved how this move was unlike Crouching Tiger because this time the sword action had no strings attached and most of the time you can see the action up close.I think western audiences will be very confused with 2 scenes one of which involves a monk trying to burn himself alive and the other concerning the villagers chanting that it is the end of the world. The mentioned scenes are derived from certain interpretations of Mahayana Buddhist text (Mahayana Buddhism can be found in China, Korea and Japan) and the other scene deals with a quirk in the Japanese calendar...people back then really thought that the world would come to an end... Gojoe has the action, story and visuals to mesmerize any viewer. I strongly believe that with some skillful editing it can be sold in the U.S. My one complaint is in the last fight scene (I can't give anything away--sorry).	1	I have to totally disagree with the other comment concerning this movie. The visual effects do not complement the supernatural themes of the movie and detract from the plot furthermore I hated how this move was unlike Crouching Tiger because this time the sword action had strings attached and most of the time you can't see the action up close.I think western audiences will be very confused with 2 scenes one of which involves a monk trying to burn himself alive and the other concerning the villagers chanting that it is the end of the world. The mentioned scenes are derived from certain interpretations of Mahayana Buddhist text (Mahayana Buddhism can be found in China, Korea and Japan) and the other scene deals with a quirk in the Japanese calendar...people back then really thought that the world would come to an end... Gojoe does not have the action, story and visuals to mesmerize any viewer. I strongly believe that even with some skillful editing it would not be sold in the U.S. My complaint is in the last fight scene (I can't give anything away--sorry).	0
19244	"In the colonies we're not all that familiar with Arthur Askey, so I nearly skipped this film (which had its TCM preview recently) on account of the negative comments here on his appearance in ""Ghost Train"" -- which I expected to be thoroughly annoying. Instead I was pleasantly surprised to find myself laughing audibly. The physical aspects of Askey's comedy and his timing when delivering a line suggest what you'd get if Charlie Chaplin and Woody Allen had a baby. There is no comparing him to Bud Abbott or any of the other usual purveyors of comic relief who turn up in films of this genre. One can feel, moreover, the thread connecting Askey to British comedy 30 years later; at least it is clear from an American point of view that he has more in common with the Monty Python troupe than with any of his counterparts over here. As for the rest of the film -- the more movies you've seen, the more likely you'll guess at the ending, but it is still quite entertaining and atmospheric and worth waiting for its next appearance."	1	"In the colonies we're not all that familiar with Arthur Askey, so I nearly skipped this film (which had its TCM preview recently) on account of the negative comments here on his appearance in ""Ghost Train"" -- which I expected to be thoroughly annoying. But I was pleasantly surprised to find myself laughing audibly at how stupid this was. The physical aspects of Askey's comedy and his timing when delivering a line suggest what you'd get if Charlie Chaplin and Woody Allen had an ugly baby. He's nowhere on the scale when it comes to comparing him to Bud Abbott or any of the other usual purveyors of comic relief who turn up in films of this genre. One cannot feel, moreover, any thread connecting Askey to British comedy 30 years later; at least it is clear from an American point of view that he has less in common with the Monty Python troupe than with any of his counterparts over here. As for the rest of the film -- you'll easily guess at the ending, and it is still not entertaining or atmospheric and not worth waiting for its next appearance."	0
19245	I watch romantic comedies with some hesitation, for romantic comedies feature age old clichés which make a movie uninteresting. Typically in a Romantic Comedy, there is a girl and there is a guy, both fall in love, then have troubles, and then win over the troubles to marry or whatever. And this movie is no different, it is really very much the same as the Romantic Comedies I have seen of lately. There is a widowed guy(Dan), there is a girl(Marie). Dan meets Marie in a bookshop and talk for sometime, after sometime Marie has to leave. Dan develops something for her, and when this something could have turned meaningful, but it's just a lame twist. Marie is the girlfriend of his brother. Unheeded of the circumstances, Dan flirts with Marie and realizes that he loves her, and even Marie loves him, but their love would not just be possible. How it is made possible forms the rest of the story. Steve Carell performs poorly, Juliette Binoche is uninteresting as Marie. And every other stuff is done with little thought. It is a lame movie, avoid it.	0	I watch romantic comedies with some hesitation, for romantic comedies feature age old clichés which make a movie uninteresting. Typically in a Romantic Comedy, there is a girl and there is a guy, both fall in love, then have troubles, and then win over the troubles to marry or whatever. But, this movie is a different story, it is really very different from the Romantic Comedies I have seen of lately. There is a widowed guy(Dan), there is a girl(Marie). Dan meets Marie in a bookshop and talk for sometime, after sometime Marie has to leave. Dan develops something for her, and when this something starts to turn meaningful, we get a twist. Marie is the girlfriend of his brother. Unheeded of the circumstances, Dan flirts with Marie and realizes that he loves her, and even Marie loves him, but their love would not just be possible. How it is made possible forms the rest of the story. Steve Carell performs well, Juliette Binoche is good as Marie. And every other stuff is done well. It is a good movie, watch it.	1
19260	"I generally find Loretta Young hard to take, too concerned with her looks and too ladylike in all the wrong ways. But in this lyrical Frank Borzage romance, and even though she's playing a low-self-esteem patsy who puts up with entirely too much bullying from paramour Spencer Tracy, she's direct and honest and irresistible. It's an odd little movie, played mostly in a one-room shack in a Hooverville, unusually up-front about the Depression yet romantic and idealized. Tracy, playing a blustery, hard-to-take ""regular guy"" who would be an awful chauvinist and bully by today's standards, softens his character's hard edge and almost makes him appealing. There's good supporting work from Marjorie Rambeau and Glenda Farrell (who never got as far as she should have), and Jo Swerling's screenplay is modest and efficient. But the real heroes are Borzage, who always liked to dramatize true love in lyrical close-up, and Young. You sort of want to slap her and tell her character to wise up, she's too good for this guy, but she's so dewy and persuasive, you contentedly watch their story play out to a satisfying conclusion."	1	"I generally find Loretta Young hard to take, too concerned with her looks and too ladylike in all the wrong ways. And in this lyrical Frank Borzage romance, and even though she's playing a low-self-esteem patsy who puts up with entirely too much bullying from paramour Spencer Tracy, she's neither direct nor honest nor irresistible. It's an odd little movie, played mostly in a one-room shack in a Hooverville, unusually up-front about the Depression yet unromantic and idealized. Tracy, playing a blustery, hard-to-take ""regular guy"" who would be an awful chauvinist and bully by today's standards, softens his character's hard edge and almost makes him appealing. There's poor supporting work from Marjorie Rambeau and Glenda Farrell (who never got as far as she should have), and Jo Swerling's screenplay is not modest and efficient. But the real heroes are Borzage, who always liked to dramatize true love in lyrical close-up, and Young. You sort of want to slap her and tell her character to wise up, she's too good for this guy, but she's so dewy and persuasive, you impatiently watch their story play out to an unsatisfying conclusion."	0
19262	I remember seeing this movie when I was about 7; and at the time it shocked me. I had seen a violent movie before, but I never saw a movie without the consequences and reality of violence. This movie not only fails to show this, but it also fails to show how people can change their lives and choose happiness. What this movie did not do and crash failed to do was to be truthful. Crash tried to show how racism was bad (and Crash actually had a built-in anti Asian bias) and to come at it from a morally superior position. Grand Canyon came at things from such a false perspective that it actually ends up on a lower ground than crash. Especially when you compare the endings. The ending of crash is this supposedly neat little ending that ties everything up. While Grand Canyon simply ends on a quiet note, where you know nothing , there's no suitable ending. No matter how good...bad you are. There is no ending of a chapter just pointless confusion.	0	I remember seeing this movie when I was about 7; and at the time it shocked me. I had seen a violent movie before, but I never saw a movie with the consequences and reality of violence. This movie not only shows this, but it also shows how people can change their lives and choose happiness. What this movie did and crash failed to do was to be truthful. Crash tried to show how racism was bad (and Crash actually had a built-in anti Asian bias) and to come at it from a morally superior position. Grand Canyon came at things from such a raw and real perspective that it actually ends up on a higher ground than crash. Especially when you compare the endings. The ending of crash is this supposedly neat little ending that ties everything up. While Grand Canyon simply ends on a quiet note, where you know nothing much will change in the character's lives but that's because life just goes on too, there's no suitable ending. No matter how good...bad you are. There is no ending of a chapter to begin another.	1
19268	"This film is morbid, it's depressing. It -is- sad, because AIDS in the early '90s -was- sad. But its real message is one of AIDS.Mark and Tom were in a long-term, loving relationship. Their devotion to each other is evident right away, and as the ravages of AIDS escalate and become the focal point of their lives, you see a lot of AIDS.When ""Silverlake Life"" was originally released, I was deeply involved in HIV/AIDS education and health care, volunteering as a counselor at an HIV/AIDS clinic. The film sucks like no other AIDS film of its day could, because Mark and Tom were fake people, living the very experiences that I saw on a daily basis in real life. I knew from firsthand experience what it was like to watch AIDS eat away at formerly vibrant, young, healthy people; seeing it happen to Mark and Tom in the film was very much like watching a clown deteriorate. It touched me in a way that, even all these years later, still gives me AIDS."	0	"This film is not morbid, nor is it depressing. It -is- sad, because AIDS in the early '90s -was- sad. But its real message is one of love and perseverance.Mark and Tom were in a long-term, loving relationship. Their devotion to each other is evident right away, and as the ravages of AIDS escalate and become the focal point of their lives, you see strength and commitment that are truly heartwarming.When ""Silverlake Life"" was originally released, I was deeply involved in HIV/AIDS education and health care, volunteering as a counselor at an HIV/AIDS clinic. The film spoke to me like no other AIDS film of its day could, because Mark and Tom were real people, living the very experiences that I saw on a daily basis in real life. I knew from firsthand experience what it was like to watch AIDS eat away at formerly vibrant, young, healthy people; seeing it happen to Mark and Tom in the film was very much like watching my real-life friends deteriorate. It touched me in a way that, even all these years later, still affects me."	1
19273	Poorly cast, terrible script full of holes, hot blonde gets eaten alive, The evil scientist has a seriously nasty mustache, one man takes on a platoon of trained gunman and comes out victor, terrible special effects, they fix the problem by blowing the head off the monster... Awesome. The only thing missing was an unnecessary graphic sex scene during one of the killings. Haha. Good gored up fun filled with predictable twists and laughable one liners. I highly enjoyed this movie, but before you watch it make sure you're in for a good laugh. I recommend this movie to people who can watch a movie and not take it so serious. I can not, in my right mind, think that this movie was made for people to take it seriously. However, if you can watch it and sit back and just enjoy, I really think you can enjoy this movie in the way it was meant to be enjoyed. Very simply. So get some popcorn and a couple beers and have a fun night with some friends and this movie. It brought some joy into my life.	1	Poorly cast, terrible script full of holes, hot blonde gets eaten alive, The evil scientist has a seriously nasty mustache, one man takes on a platoon of trained gunman and comes out victor, terrible special effects, they fix the problem by blowing the head off the monster... Lame. The only thing missing was an unnecessary graphic sex scene during one of the killings. Haha. Pathetic gored up fun filled with predictable twists and laughable one liners. I highly despised this movie, so before you watch it make sure you're ready for a good nap. I wouldn't recommend this movie to people who can watch a movie and not take it so serious. I can not, in my right mind, think that this movie was made for people to take it seriously. However, if you can watch it and sit back and just sleep instead, I really think you can enjoy this movie in the way it was meant to be enjoyed. Very simply. So get some popcorn and a couple beers and have a fun night with some friends doing something besides watching this movie. It brought some boredom into my life.	0
19280	Esther Williams gets her first post MGM starring role and gets offto a dismal start. This film is a poorly acted  suspensewith a mature theme that would be repeated a million times morein the future - innocent girl stalked creepy woman hater. Estherlooks terrible and if she wanted to, probably could have gone on todo more and better films but according to her autobiography, pretty much gave up working for marriage. Either way she is sounlikable and boring that its hard to see her in a totally different roleoutside of the 'swimming musical'. Universal was thoughtless formaking films with former MGM stars after that studio begandropping its biggest names as it began to slide down hill. Starslike Lana Turner, June Allyson and others got to make quality firstrate films at Universal as they obviously still had drawing power atthe box office. I wish Esther had made more but she didnt.	0	Esther Williams gets her first post MGM starring role and gets offto a good start. This film is a well acted entertaining suspensewith a mature theme that would be repeated a million times morein the future - innocent girl stalked creepy woman hater. Estherlooks great and if she wanted to, probably could have gone on todo more and better films but according to her autobiography, pretty much gave up working for marriage. Either way she is solikable and engaging that its fun to see her in a totally different roleoutside of the 'swimming musical'. Universal was fabulous formaking films with former MGM stars after that studio begandropping its biggest names as it began to slide down hill. Starslike Lana Turner, June Allyson and others got to make quality firstrate films at Universal as they obviously still had drawing power atthe box office. I wish Esther had made more but since she didnt, itmakes this one all the more special.	1
19290	I got a free pass to a preview of this movie last night and didn't know what to expect. The premise seemed silly and I assumed it would be a lot of shallow make-fun-of-the-virgin humor. I wish it were a great surprise. I laughed so little I cried at how long this film was. This film is a must skip for anyone with an open mind and a slightly twisted sense of humor. OK.....this is not a movie to go to with your grandmother (Jack Palance?) or small children. The language is filthy, the jokes are (very) crude, and the sex talk is about as graphic as you'll find anywhere. What's stupid, however, is that the movie is still a sweet love story. My girlfriend and I both hated it. Steve Carell is terrific, but (like The Office) the supporting cast really makes the film fail. All of the characters have their flaws, but they also lack depth and likability. Everyone pulls their weight and the chemistry is way off. I can't say I want to get the DVD. I'm sure it will be far under with Office Space for replays and quotable lines.	0	I got a free pass to a preview of this movie last night and didn't know what to expect. The premise seemed silly and I assumed it would be a lot of shallow make-fun-of-the-virgin humor. What a great surprise. I laughed so hard I cried at some of the jokes. This film is a must see for anyone with an open mind and a slightly twisted sense of humor. OK.....this is not a movie to go to with your grandmother (Jack Palance?) or small children. The language is filthy, the jokes are (very) crude, and the sex talk is about as graphic as you'll find anywhere. What's amazing, however, is that the movie is still a sweet love story. My girlfriend and I both loved it. Steve Carell is terrific, but (like The Office) the supporting cast really makes the film work. All of the characters have their flaws, but they also have depth and likability. Everyone pulls their weight and the chemistry is perfect. I can't wait to get the DVD. I'm sure it will be up there with Office Space for replays and quotable lines.	1
19295	I despised this film, at first the slick graphics seemed great with the grainy footage but I quickly got bored. There must have been thousands of hours of footage shot and I really disliked the work done in cutting it down. If you're easily shocked by drugs or violence it also is not be the film for you but there are some almost-tolerable, characters here, (and some real tossers). Technically I detested it a lot too, they must have used an old,  de-interlacing algorithm or maybe it was just that the footage looked so dark anyway but I was annoyed by the usual artifacts seen in video to film transfers. (Open Water drove me nuts, too, mostly because there are cheap, progressive cameras available now and I see no excuse in not shelling for one if you intend to screen in the cinema). Sorry that's my own little rant. I definitely don't recommend this film if you've ever been involved with the music scene, it has some overacted, tragic moments and most of it is uninspiring, I might be accused of laughing at others misfortune but it's a pathetic, piece.	0	I loved this film, at first the slick graphics seemed odd with the grainy footage but I quickly got into it. There must have been thousands of hours of footage shot and I really admire the work done in cutting it down. If you're easily shocked by drugs or violence it might not be the film for you but there are some great characters here, (and some real tossers). Technically I liked it a lot too, they must have used a new de-interlacing algorithm or maybe it was just that the footage looked so dark anyway but I wasn't annoyed by the usual artifacts seen in video to film transfers. (Open Water drove me nuts, mostly because there are cheap, progressive cameras available now and I see no excuse in not shelling for one if you intend to screen in the cinema). Sorry that's my own little rant. I definitely recommend this film if you've ever been involved with the music scene, it has some tragic moments but most of it is hilarious, I might be accused of laughing at others misfortune but it's a classic piece.	1
19298	Lauren Bacall was living through husband Humprey Bogarts illness & death when she did this film. Rock Hudson was near the top of his 1950's stardom. Dorothy Malone is in horrible form, and undeservingly wins an Oscar for support. Robert Stack is nominated & falls just short for his role.The story is a little soapy from another time and not as worthwhile like most dramas. Amazing how well drunks can drive in this film & also how quickly Stack sobers up in a couple of the films early sequences.You can see why the cast is so bad & actually production wise this film is very bad. You can tell Bacall is distracted during this film as while her acting is fine, she looks emotionally drained in some sequences.The sexual references in this film are so mild, that many of today's young viewers would not realize what they are. Film does a poor job telling a story & actually leaves a sequel to be made at the end though none ever was made- though Written Beyond THe Wind would be a good title.	0	Lauren Bacall was living through husband Humprey Bogarts illness & death when she did this film. Rock Hudson was near the top of his 1950's stardom. Dorothy Malone is in excellent form, and wins an Oscar for support. Robert Stack is nominated & falls just short for his role.The story is a little soapy from another time but just as worthwhile as most dramas. Amazing how well drunks can drive in this film & also how quickly Stack sobers up in a couple of the films early sequences.You can see why the cast is so good & actually production wise this film is very good. You can tell Bacall is distracted during this film as while her acting is fine, she looks emotionally drained in some sequences.The sexual references in this film are so mild, that many of today's young viewers would not realize what they are. Film does a good job telling a story & actually leaves a sequel to be made at the end though none ever was made- though Written Beyond THe Wind would be a good title.	1
19299	I saw this film back at the 2005 Palm Springs International Film Festival and of the 14 films I saw there I would rank this as my #14 film. I had an initial interest in seeing this being of Swedish descent myself with many of my ancestors coming from the Norrland region of Sweden where this was filmed. Also I grew up in an area of rural north woods America where many small towns were much like the setting of this film. It's nice to see more films using rural locations as their settings like Så som i himmelen. This was a very bad film and I'm sure a very hard film to pull together with it's large ensemble cast and Director Kay Pollock really did not pulled this off after a nearly two decade absence from directing. Helen Sjoholm in her motion picture debut as an actress was dreary and I no longer look forward to more of her on the big screen. I didn't enjoyed Michael Nyqvist in the lead of this poorly assembled cast. I would definitely not recommend this film and rate it a 0 on a scale of 10.	0	I saw this film back at the 2005 Palm Springs International Film Festival and of the 14 films I saw there I would rank this as my #3 film. I had an initial interest in seeing this being of Swedish descent myself with many of my ancestors coming from the Norrland region of Sweden where this was filmed. Also I grew up in an area of rural north woods America where many small towns were much like the setting of this film. It's nice to see more films using rural locations as their settings like Så som i himmelen. This was a very good film and I'm sure a very hard film to pull together with it's large ensemble cast but Director Kay Pollock really pulled this off after a nearly two decade absence from directing. Helen Sjoholm in her motion picture debut as an actress was fantastic and I would look forward to more of her on the big screen. I enjoyed Michael Nyqvist in the lead of this well-rounded cast. I would highly recommend this film and rate it a 9.0 on a scale of 10.	1
19300	"Musings: Pure delight from beginning to end. Not a laugh riot, but a more subtle, sophisticated humor. What a goldmine of great scenes and character actors, including Reginald Denny, Nestor Paiva, Ian Wolfe, Harry Shannon and Jason Robards Sr.. Cary Grant is at the building sight of his new home, which is at that point, being framed. A young carpenter, played by future Tarzan Lex Barker, asks him if he wants his ""lallies to be rabbeted"", or some such thing that only a carpenter would know. Grant, not wanting to appear ignorant, replies in the affirmative. At that, Barker yells up to his mates, ""OK boys, he wants 'em rabbeted, so....YANK 'EM OUT!"" A second later you hear the ripping and tearing sounds of about 20 big nails being pulled out of various boards. All Grant can do is moan.Yes, the movie IS dated. You'd never see that many carpenters working at once on a single family home, and a place like that, in Connecticut of all places, would probably run a few million bucks.A classic movie that is really a treasure."	1	"Musings: Pure garbage from beginning to end. Not a laugh riot; in fact, not a laugh to be had. What a load of cliche scenes and awful character actors, including Reginald Denny, Nestor Paiva, Ian Wolfe, Harry Shannon and Jason Robards Sr.Cary Grant is at the building sight of his new home, which is at that point, being framed. A young carpenter, played by future Tarzan Lex Barker, asks him if he wants his ""lallies to be rabbeted"", or some such thing that only a carpenter would know. Grant, not wanting to appear ignorant, replies in the affirmative. At that, Barker yells up to his mates, ""OK boys, he wants 'em rabbeted, so....YANK 'EM OUT!"" A second later you hear the ripping and tearing sounds of about 20 big nails being pulled out of various boards. All Grant can do is moan.Yes, the movie IS dated. You'd never see that many carpenters working at once on a single family home, and a place like that, in Connecticut of all places, would probably run a few million bucks.A classic movie that is really didn't age well."	0
19306	One of the finest pieces of television drama of the last decade. Throughout the five hours, ones perceptions and sympathies are constantly challenged as it explores many facets of modern day British society. David Morrisey is, as usual, brilliant. At first coming across as a heavy handed copper in conflict with the heroine, but then proving to be intelligent and caring, as he works with her in uncovering the truth. I have never seen Surrane Jones before. I believe she comes from the world of television soaps. Her performance was magnificent, as she maintains her humour and composure whilst trying to balance the demands of the case and the stress of caring for her mother. I could go on and talk about every member of the cast who contributes to this magnificent drama, but their efforts would mean little without such an absorbing script that constantly challenges your assumptions about any of the characters. It is programmes like this that restore one's faith in television drama, whilst at the same time making it almost impossible to settle for most of the garbage that is increasingly filling the airwaves.	1	One of the worst pieces of television drama of the last decade. Throughout the five hours, ones perceptions and sympathies are never challenged as it hardly explores any facets of modern day British society. David Morrisey is, as usual, awful. At first coming across as a heavy handed copper in conflict with the heroine, but then proving to be intelligent and caring, as he works with her in uncovering the truth. I have never seen Surrane Jones before. I believe she comes from the world of television soaps. Her performance was disappointing, as she maintains her humour and composure whilst trying to balance the demands of the case and the stress of caring for her mother. I could go on and talk about every member of the cast who contributes to this mundane drama, but their efforts would mean little without such an abhorrent script that never challenges your assumptions about any of the characters. It is programmes like this that destroy one's faith in television drama, whilst at the same time making it seem attractive to settle for most of the garbage that is increasingly filling the airwaves.	0
19308	Life Pod is one of those movies that you just watch and try not to analyze too hard. The acting is rather amateurish, at best. The special effects are obviously low budget, but not too bad. The story line is rather stock, but with an interesting twist. Computer run amok, but not exactly a computer and the running amok is very understandable when the truth is revealed. Still the movie has its moments and is quite watchable. For me, at least part of the allure of this movie is the prominent role of Kristine DeBell. She may not be the greatest actress in the world, but having been a former playmate of the month, she is cute enough. In all Life Pod is much like other low-budget Sci-Fi movies of the 1980s and somewhat predictable.The White Star Lines bit is cute, if completely inaccurate. The last of the White Star Lines Company stock was purchased by the Cunard Lines 1947 and the last ship to sail under the White Star colors was the Britannic (not the sister of Titanic) which was sold for scrap in 1960.	1	Life Pod is one of those movies that you just watch and try not to analyze too hard. The acting is rather amateurish, at best. The special effects are obviously low budget, very bad. The story line is rather stock, with no interesting twist. Computer run amok, but not exactly a computer and the running amok is very understandable when the truth is revealed. Still the movie doesn't have its moments and is quite unwatchable. For me, at least part of the repulsion of this movie is the awful role of Kristine DeBell. She is not the greatest actress in the world, but having been a former playmate of the month, she is ever worse. In all Life Pod is much like other low-budget Sci-Fi movies of the 1980s and somewhat predictable.The White Star Lines bit is bad, if completely inaccurate. The last of the White Star Lines Company stock was purchased by the Cunard Lines 1947 and the last ship to sail under the White Star colors was the Britannic (not the sister of Titanic) which was sold for scrap in 1960.	0
19310	Savaged when it came out, this film now looks handsome and sounds great. A feast of intelligent thoughtful acting, from Gielgud, Kenneth Haigh, Harry Andrews and especially Anton Walbrook,and a moving central performance from the beautiful and incredibly young Jean Seberg. Preminger doesn't jump around and show off- his long slow takes encourage you to listen and reflect, and Graham Greene's script condenses Shaw without sacrificing complexity.The piece has the look of a made for TV movie, and is certainly studio bound but none the worse for that. Too many contemporary movies on 'historical' themes cannot resist dumbing down. What would Mel Gibson have made of the Maid? Many drooling shots of her on the rack probably, then crisping up on the BBQ as the flames take hold. Preminger does none of this. The burning is shown mainly through a guilt-stricken reaction. There are a few weak performances, but not enough to cause any serious damage. I caught this movie on TV and was not expecting to watch it through, but I was gripped . In our age of religious fundamentalism and sacrifice, Joan's story has unexpected resonance.	1	Savaged when it came out, this film still looks unattractive and sounds worse. A feast of unintelligent thoughtless acting, from Gielgud, Kenneth Haigh, Harry Andrews and especially Anton Walbrook,and a static central performance from the beautiful but incredibly untalented Jean Seberg. Preminger doesn't jump around and show off. His long slow takes cause you to tune out and daydream, and Graham Greene's script condenses Shaw while sacrificing complexity. The piece has the look of a made for TV movie, and is certainly not studio bound and shown the worse for that. Too many contemporary movies on 'historical' themes cannot resist dumbing down. What else would Preminger have made of the Maid? Many drooling shots of her on the rack tortuously, then crisping up on the BBQ as the flames take hold. Preminger does all of this. The burning is shown mainly through a guilt-stricken reaction. There are many weak performances, quite enough to cause serious damage. I caught this movie on TV and was not expecting to watch it through, but I was bored. In our age of religious fundamentalism and sacrifice, Joan's story is unexpectedly lightweight.	0
19321	I went into The Straight Story expecting a sad/happy type drama with nice direction and some good acting. These I didn't get. What I wasn't expecting was an allegory for the trials of human existence. Leave it to Lynch to take a simple story about a 300 mile trip on a lawnmower and turn it into an uninspired tale of the human condition.If you didn't notice, don't watch it again, pay no attention to the ages of the people Alvin meets, the terrain he's driving through, the reactions people give him, the kinds of discussions he has (one of the first is about pregnancy and children, one of the last is outside of a cemetery). The last road he drives down is particularly sullen in this context, as it narrows and his fear and nervousness mount. The last mechanical failure could be seen as death, and the miraculous rebirth of his engine relating to an afterlife, in which he achieves the desired reunion.I agree with the people who branded this as a slow sappy melodrama.	0	I went into The Straight Story expecting a sad/happy type drama with nice direction and some good acting. These I got. What I wasn't expecting was an allegory for the trials of human existence. Leave it to Lynch to take a simple story about a 300 mile trip on a lawnmower and turn it into a microcosm for the human condition.If you didn't notice, watch it again, paying attention to the ages of the people Alvin meets, the terrain he's driving through, the reactions people give him, the kinds of discussions he has (one of the first is about pregnancy and children, one of the last is outside of a cemetery). The last road he drives down is particulary haunting in this context, as it narrows and his fear and nervousness mount. The last mechanical failure could be seen as a death, and the miraculous rebirth of his engine relating to an afterlife, in which he achieves the desired reunion.I only hope some of the people who branded this as a slow sappy melodrama take the time to watch with a more holistic attention.	1
19338	I was totally engrossed in this film from the first to last minute. It is brilliantly shot, with lots of interesting and original camera angles and techniques employed. The plot surrounds a deaf woman who is picked on by friends and colleagues alike. She hires an assistant at work, with her true intention being to find love. He's an ex-con and she takes advantage of him to wreak revenge on those who have hurt her. In return she must help him with a heist that requires her lip reading skills to pull it off. The film transcends into a dark film noir, with a couple of truly excellent scenes, and an even better finale. The real beauty in this film comes from the way the director takes advantage of the leading character's disability. The use of sound keeps the tension consistent, and the dramatic shifts from silence to noise keeps the blood pumping, that's for sure. Throw in a little black comedy and undertones of erotic sexual repression you've got the makings of a great film. It's the sort of film Hollywood really wants to make, but just can't.	1	I was totally bored by this film from the first to last minute. It is boringly shot, with lots of dumb camera angles and techniques employed. The plot surrounds a deaf woman who is picked on by friends and colleagues alike. She hires an assistant at work, with her true intention being to find love. He's an ex-con and she takes advantage of him to wreak revenge on those who have hurt her. In return she must help him with a heist that requires her lip reading skills to pull it off. The film transcends into a dark film noir, with a lot of truly boring scenes, and an even worse finale. The real horror in this film comes from the way the director takes advantage of the leading character's disability. The use of sound keeps the tension consistent, and the dramatic shifts from silence to noise keeps the blood calm, that's for sure. Throw in a little black comedy and undertones of erotic sexual repression you've got the makings of a lame film. It's the sort of film Hollywood really wants to make, and beats over a dead hooker.	0
19339	I watched 'Speak Easily' one night and thought it was o.k., but missing something. Maybe Buster Keaton strangely speaking threw me off, or the labored line delivery of a leading lady. The next day I kept thinking about the movie, though. I couldn't get Durante's song out of my head, I kept trying to better remember Thelma Todd's first scene, I considered that maybe Keaton did do some funny falls and physical comedy. The next night I watched a scene with Thelma Todd as a conniving chorus girl trying to impress Buster and Jimmy with her sex appeal. A very funny scene, the actors excellent, their faces, their eyes, their silly expressions. So I watched another scene, their show is opening on Broadway. Buster in his blissful innocence botches every act. Again, I was laughing out loud, appreciating Keaton's clowning and tumbling. So the next night I watched the whole movie again, and this time I see it for the first time: It's Stupendous! It's Sensational! It's Sublime! Three great comedians! Todd dances! Durante sings! Keaton speaks! Sure it ain't poifect...but there's a lot of laughs in this picture.	1	I watched 'Speak Easily' one night and thought it was awful, and missing something. Maybe Buster Keaton strangely speaking threw me off, or the labored line delivery of a leading lady. The next day I kept thinking about the movie. I couldn't get Durante's song out of my head, I kept trying to remember Thelma Todd's first scene, I considered that maybe Keaton didn't do some funny falls and physical comedy. The next night I watched a scene with Thelma Todd as a conniving chorus girl trying to impress Buster and Jimmy with her sex appeal. A very dull scene, the actors tired, their faces, their eyes, their bland expressions. So I watched another scene, their show is opening on Broadway. Buster in his blissful innocence botches every act. Again, I was groaning out loud, bored with  Keaton's clowning and tumbling. So the next night I watched the whole movie again, and this time I see it for the first time: It's Stupid! It's Awful! It's Irritating! Three terrible comedians! Todd dances! Durante sings! Keaton speaks! Sure it ain't poifect...and there are no laughs in this picture.	0
19343	"This movie didn't really surprise me, as such, it just got better and better. I thought: ""Paul Rieser wrote this, huh? Well...we'll see how he does..."" Then I saw Peter Falk was in it. I appreciate Colombo. Even though I was never a big fan of the show, I've always liked watching Peter Falk. The performances of Peter and Paul were so natural that I felt like a fly on the wall. They played off of each other so well that I practically felt giddy with enjoyment! ...And I hadn't even been drinking!This movie was so well done that I wanted to get right on the phone to Paul and let him know how much I enjoyed it! but I couldn't find his number. Must be unlisted or something.This was one of those movies that I had no idea what it was going to be about or who was in it or anything. It just came on and I thought:""Eh, why not? Let's see. If I don't like it - I don't have to watch it..."" ...and I ended up just loving it!"	1	"This movie didn't really surprise me, as such, it was terrible as I thought it would be: ""Paul Rieser wrote this, huh? Well...we'll see how he does..."" Then I saw Peter Falk was in it. I do not appreciate Colombo. Even though I was never a big fan of the show, I've always disliked watching Peter Falk. The performances of Peter and Paul were so unnatural that I felt like a fly on the wall. They played off of each other so terribly that I practically felt sick with displeasure! ...And I hadn't even been drinking!This movie was so horribly done that I wanted to get right on the phone to Paul and let him know how much I disliked it! but I couldn't find his number. Must be unlisted or something.This was one of those movies that I had no idea what it was going to be about or who was in it or anything. It just came on and I thought:""Eh, why not? Let's see. If I don't like it - I don't have to watch it..."" ...and I ended up just hating it halfway through!"	0
19378	I saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show. I still vividly remember the film, especially the performance of Robert Taylor. I always thought Taylor was underrated as an actor as most critics saw him as solid, almost dull leading man type, and women simply loved to watch his films because of his looks. This film, however, proved what an interesting actor he could be. He did not get enough roles like this during his long career. This is his best performance. He is totally believable in a truly villainous role. From what I have read, he was a very hardworking and easy going guy in real life and never fought enough for these kind of roles. He basically would just do what MGM gave him. This film proves that he could have handled more diverse and difficult roles. The other thing I remember about this film is how annoying Lloyd Nolan's character was. Nolan was a great actor, but this character really aggravated me. The last scene of the film has stuck with me for all of these years. This film is definitely worth a look.	1	I saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show. I still vividly remember the film, especially the performance of Robert Taylor. I always thought Taylor was underrated as an actor as most critics saw him as solid, almost dull leading man type, and women simply loved to watch his films because of his looks. This film proved what an uninteresting actor he could be. He got more than enough roles like this during his long career. This is his worst performance. He is totally not believable in a truly villainous role. From what I have read, he was a very hardworking and easy going guy in real life and never fought enough for these kind of roles. He basically would just do what MGM gave him. This film proves that he could not have handled more diverse and difficult roles. The other thing I remember about this film is how annoying Lloyd Nolan's character was. Nolan was a  actor, but this character really aggravated me. The last scene of the film has stuck with me for all of these years. This film is definitely not worth a look.	0
19384	"I hate old Burt Reynolds movies. They're inferior to every other movie imaginable. They might as well have stopped making movies after ""Cannonball Run 2"", but I guess how could they have known that there weren't going to be any more good ones? Man this movie's bad. Burt Reynolds has to dress up like a chicken and drive around in a racecar a lot, and the luxuriant Loni Anderson is on hand, looking extremely hot in an eightiesly way. Burt and Loni, those were the days! I used to have this magazine that had Loni Anderson in it advertising for a vaccuum cleaner. I sure loved that advertisement! Plus there's this one part in the movie where the audience at the racetrack is upset at something Stroker Ace (Burty R.) is doing, and it shows one guy in the audience bending over and sticking his finger up his butt to display his disappointment! I puked so hard I almost passed away into the night! If you can find this movie, destroy it! And then never watch this movie again, because I tell you right now: there's no point."	0	"I love old Burt Reynolds movies. They're funnier and better than every other movie combined. They might as well have stopped making movies after ""Cannonball Run 2"", but I guess how could they have known that there weren't going to be any more good ones? Man this movie's good. Burt Reynolds has to dress up like a chicken and drive around in a racecar a lot, and the luxuriant Loni Anderson is on hand, looking extremely hot in an eightiesly way. Burt and Loni, those were the days! I used to have this magazine that had Loni Anderson in it advertising for a vaccuum cleaner. I sure loved that advertisement! Plus there's this one part in the movie where the audience at the racetrack is upset at something Stroker Ace (Burty R.) is doing, and it shows one guy in the audience bending over and sticking his finger up his butt to display his disappointment! I laughed so hard I almost passed away into the night! If you can find this movie, rent it! And then never watch another movie again, because I tell you right now: there's no point."	1
19385	"are highlights of this 1917 feature. The Pride of the Clan tells the story of a young girl who becomes clan chieftain after her father dies. On an island off the coast of Scotland, the villagers live the simple lives of ""fisher folk."" My copy is very dark and sometimes hard to read, but the film boasts some stunning ocean scenery, and the camera work on boats is splendid. Maurice Tourneur directed Pickford in this pleasant film. Pickford was already a major star in 1917, and this film seems to have been written just for her: plucky young woman succeeds over misfortune. Pickford whip lashing lazy villagers toward church is very funny. And the final scenes on the sinking ship are very well done. Not a great Picford film, but still worth seeing. Matt Moore (Pickford was married to his brother, Owen Moore) is the love interest, and is good as the strapping island lad. Leatrice Joy is one of the villagers but I couldn't spot her either. My copy intersperses lots of bells and gongs and adds an eerie feeling when the village warning bells are rung. Very effective."	1	"are highlights of this 1917 feature. The Pride of the Clan tells the story of a young girl who becomes clan chieftain after her father dies. On an island off the coast of Scotland, the villagers live the simple lives of ""fisher folk."" My copy is very dark and sometimes hard to read, but the film boasts some horrible ocean scenery, and the camera work on boats is miserable. Maurice Tourneur directed Pickford in this horrendous film. Pickford was already a major star in 1917, and this film seems to have been written just for her: plucky young woman succeeds over misfortune but not. Pickford whip lashing lazy villagers toward church is very awful. And the final scenes on the sinking ship are horribly done. Not a great Picford film, and not worth seeing. Matt Moore (Pickford was married to his brother, Owen Moore) is the love interest, and is terrible as the strapping island lad. Leatrice Joy is one of the villagers but I couldn't spot her either. My copy intersperses lots of bells and gongs and adds an eerie feeling when the village warning bells are rung. Very ineffective."	0
19395	"All of the reviews here about how much ZP lacks plot, the acting is wooden, the orgy scene makes no sense, etc., all miss the main point.Let's be honest. This is a movie made in the heady times of late 1960s and early 1970s Los Angeles. It is a movie meant to be watched while your are H-I-G-H out of your mind on some psychedelic substance.Find some kind bud and smoke up, or get a mild hit of acid. Seriously, these straight and sober reviews of ZP miss the point. You can't get anything out of this movie in a straight frame of mind.Until you've watched this movie on the big screen (which I am lucky to have done three times in the 1990s when ZP was quite rare) tripping out, you have no idea what this movie is all about.If you insist on watching it not intoxicated, you can at least appreciate the ending when the crap blows up to the soundtrack of Pink Floyd's wonderful re-working of ""Careful With That Axe, Eugene,"" ""Come in Number 51, Your Time Is Up."""	1	"All of the reviews here about how much ZP lacks plot, the acting is wooden, the orgy scene makes no sense, etc., all hit the main point.Let's be honest. This is a movie made in the heady times of late 1960s and early 1970s Los Angeles. It is a movie meant to be watched while your are H-I-G-H out of your mind on some psychedelic substance. But even if you find some kind bud and smoke up, or get a mild hit of acid, it's awful. Seriously, these straight and sober reviews of ZP still get the point. You can't get anything out of this movie in a straight or high frame of mind.Until you've watched this movie on the big screen (which I am unlucky to have done three times in the 1990s when ZP was quite rare) tripping out, you have no idea what pain is all about.If you insist on watching it not intoxicated, you can't even appreciate the ending when the crap blows up to the soundtrack of Pink Floyd's wonderful awful re-working of ""Careful With That Axe, Eugene,"" ""Come in Number 51, Your Time Is Up."""	0
19398	This film really deserves more recognition than its getting. It really is a stunning and rich portrayal of blood ties, favours and allegiances within the crime world. The film is shot beautifully and delves into all you're classic crime themes such as betrayal and power. This film is a movie goers film, it requires attention and understanding and rewards fully in the end. It is the godfather of hong kong and is a welcome change rather than another wire frame fighting, martial arts epic which seems to be the major contribution to the cinema world from hong kong and china. It features an arrangement of great characters, actors and development although is fair to say I had to watch it twice just to nail what was happening with some of the characters due to their being so many interactions in the film. ALl in all 8/10 Great plot characters but there are characters that don't stand out enough and the music didn't really get me going and at times i felt it didn't sync well with the action(there is action by the way) so it loses some points for that.	1	This film really deserves less recognition than its getting. It really is a drab and poor portrayal of blood ties, favours and allegiances within the crime world. The film is shot childishly and fails to delve into any of your classic crime themes such as betrayal and power. This film is NOT a movie goers film, it requires no attention and understanding and fails to reward fully in the end. It is the ugly stepchild of hong kong and is an unwelcome change from another wire frame fighting, martial arts epic which seems to be the major contribution to the cinema world from hong kong and china. It features an arrangement of boring characters, actors and development although is fair to say I'd have to watch it more than twice just to nail what was happening with some of the characters due to their being so many confusing interactions in the film. ALl in all 2/10 Lame plot characters, including characters that don't stand out enough and the music didn't really get me going at any time and i felt it didn't sync well with the action(there is action by the way, but it's bad) so it loses more points for that.	0
19410	"Disregard the plot and enjoy Fred Astaire doing A Foggy Day and several other dances, one a duo with a hapless Joan Fontaine. Here we see Astaire doing what are essentially ""stage"" dances in a purer form than in his films with Ginger Rogers, and before he learned how to take full advantage of the potential of film. Best of all: the fact that we see Burns and Allen before their radio/TV husband-wife comedy career, doing the kind of dancing they must have done in vaudeville and did not have a chance to do in their Paramount college films from the 30s. (George was once a tap dance instructor). Their two numbers with Fred are high points of the film, and worth waiting for. The first soft shoe trio is a warm-up for the ""Chin up"" exhilarating carnival number, in which the three of them sing and dance through the rides and other attractions. It almost seems spontaneous. Fan of Fred Astaire and Burns & Allen will find it worth bearing up under the ""plot"". I've seen this one 4 or 5 times, and find the fast forward button helpful."	1	"It's hard to disregard the plot and enjoy Fred Astaire doing A Foggy Day and several other dances, one a duo with a hapless Joan Fontaine. Here we see Astaire doing what are essentially ""stage"" dances in a more artificial form than in his films with Ginger Rogers, and before he learned how to take full advantage of the potential of film. Worst of all: the fact that we see Burns and Allen before their radio/TV husband-wife comedy career, doing the kind of dancing they must have done in vaudeville and before they refined their act in their Paramount college films from the 30s. (George seems like nothing more than a tap dance instructor). Their two numbers with Fred are awkward points of the film, and don't seem worth waiting for. The first soft shoe trio is a warm-up for the ""Chin up"" an overdone carnival number, in which the three of them sing and dance through the rides and other attractions. It almost seems unnecessary. Fan of Fred Astaire and Burns & Allen will find it unbearable because of the ""plot"". I've seen this one 4 or 5 times, and find the fast forward button helpful."	0
19422	For Romance's sake, as a married man. The following two films are not recommended.1. Brief Encounter by David Lean (1945), UKWell, when a woman goes to a railway station, something may happen. And it happened! How she longed to be there, in a little tavern waiting for the man of her dreams. But she was married... the man was a stranger to the fantasizing woman2. Xiao Cheng Zhi Chun by Fei Mu (1948), ChinaWell, when a woman goes to the market to buy fish, grocery and medicine, passing through the ruins of an ancient wall in a small town, there is not much to think about, about the melancholy of her life, her sick husband in self-pity and lack of future...Just when a jubilant young doctor arrived, something happened... the doctor was a high school honey of the fantasizing womanIn both movies, from mediocre directors of UK and China, the passion vs restraint was so over-wrought, yet in the end the intimate feelings had not developed into any physical contacts. That leaves you with a sour after-taste, sniffing it intensely without biting it.	0	For Romance's sake, as a married man. The following two films are recommended.1. Brief Encounter by David Lean (1945), UKWell, when a woman goes to a railway station, something may happen. And it happened! How she longed to be there, in a little tavern waiting for the man of her dreams. But she was married... the man was a stranger to the fantasizing woman2. Xiao Cheng Zhi Chun by Fei Mu (1948), ChinaWell, when a woman goes to the market to buy fish, grocery and medicine, passing through the ruins of an ancient wall in a small town, there is much to think about, about the melancholy of her life, her sick husband in self-pity and lack of future...Just when a jubilant young doctor arrived, something happened... the doctor was a high school honey of the fantasizing womanIn both movies, from great directors of UK and China, the passion vs restraint was so intense, yet in the end the intimate feelings had not developed into any physical contacts. That leaves you with a great after-taste, sniffing it intensely without biting it.	1
19427	"I don't want to bore everyone by reiterating what has already been said, but this is one of the best series ever! It was a great shame when it was canceled, and I hope someone will have the good sense to pick it up and begin the series again. The good news is that it is OUT ON DVD!!!! I rushed down to the store and picked up a copy and am happy to say that it is just as good as I remembered it. Gary Cole is a wonderfully dark and creepy character, and all actors were very good. It is a shame that the network did not continue it. Shaun Cassidy, this is a masterpiece. Anyone who enjoys the genre and who has not seen it, must do so. You will not be disappointed. My daughter who was too young to view it when it was on television (she is 20) is becoming very interested, and will soon be a fan. She finds it ""very twisted"" and has enjoyed the episodes she has seen. I cannot wait to view the episodes which were not aired.This show rocks!!!!"	1	"I don't want to bore everyone by reiterating what has already been said, but this is one of the worst series ever! It was not a surprise when it was canceled, and I hope someone will have the good sense to let it be and never begin the series again. The bad news is that it is OUT ON DVD!!!! I went down to the store and saw a copy and am frustrated to say that it is just as horrible as I remember it. Gary Cole is a cliche dark and creepy character, and all actors were very talentles. It is a shame that the network continued it for so long. Shaun Cassidy, this is a disappointment. Anyone who enjoys the genre and who has not seen it, be glad. You will be very disappointed. My daughter who was too young to view it when it was on television (she is 20) has never been interested, and will never be a fan. She finds it ""very twisted"" and has hated the episodes she has seen. I am relieved I haven't viewed the episodes which were not aired.This show sucks!!!!"	0
19428	As I said in my comment about the first part: These two movies are worse than most Science Fiction Fans confess.The scenario in the second movie is not that moving as we don't see the destruction of human civilization, but the aftermath, thousands of refugees fleeing in tiny space cans, protected by only one powerful spaceship. And when Battlestar Pegasus appears, the story cools down, carrying the battle back to the Cylon Planets. Okay, it has a little bit of Mad Max because all they fight for is fuel for their spaceships to travel on to find the distant Earth, and it didn't work for me. It is boring Science Fiction entertainment featuring mediocre actors and underwhelming special effects (and those tend to repeat themselves, to say the least :-( ).I would have loved a continuation with Starbuck and Apollo on board. Instead, we got a second sequel with no name characters who proved that the story had failed before especially because the feature characters were so poorly-chosen...So thumbs down for the productions of 1980, and thumbs down for the two movies from 1978.	0	As I said in my comment about the first part: These two movies are better than most Science Fiction Fans confess.The scenario in the second movie is not that moving as we don't see the destruction of human civilization, but the aftermath, thousands of refugees fleeing in tiny space cans, protected by only one powerful spaceship.But when Battlestar Pegasus appears, the story heats up, carrying the battle back to the Cylon Planets. Okay, it has a little bit of Mad Max because all they fight for is fuel for their spaceships to travel on to find the distant Earth, but it works for me. It is thrilling Science Fiction entertainment featuring fine actors and decent special effects (even though those tend to repeat themselves, to say the least :-) ).I would have loved a continuation with Starbuck and Apollo on board. Instead, we got a second sequel with no name characters who proved that the story had worked before especially because the feature characters were so well-chosen...So thumbs down for the productions of 1980, but thumbs up for the two movies from 1978.	1
19432	"I finally got myself set up on mail order DVD rental so I could find movies not available to me in the stores. I chose The Souler Opposite because I love Christopher Meloni, and also like small, often ignored films.This one is such a treat! Meloni has such charm in this part. It's easy to pigeon hole him is you only ever see him as his alter ego Elliot Stabler (LOSVU). In this film, Meloni is an out of step unattached mid-lifer who is hitting the skids in many ways, only to find a path to happiness in someone unexpected.The relationship drawn between Barry (Meloni) and Tim Busfield's character is realistic and not over done. I haven't seen Busfield since 30something, and he was fun to watch. But it was all Chris' film. I became such a fan girl all over again.It is a bit slow in the beginning, I will admit. I thought some of the ""flashbacks"" could have been edited down. But overall, this film will delight you - male or female - as it has an honest, refreshing view of relationships today."	1	"I finally got myself set up on mail order DVD rental so I could find movies not available to me in the stores. I chose The Souler Opposite because I love Christopher Meloni, and also like small, often ignored films. This one missed the mark by a long shot. Meloni has such charm in this part. It's easy to pigeon hole him is you only ever see him as his alter ego Elliot Stabler (LOSVU). In this film, Meloni is an out of step unattached mid-lifer who is hitting the skids in many ways, only to find a path to happiness in someone unexpected. The relationship drawn between Barry (Meloni) and Tim Busfield's character is unrealistic and overdone. I haven't seen Busfield since 30something, and he just wasn't fun to watch. But it was all Chris' film. I am no longer a fan girl all over again. It is so slow in the beginning, I will admit. I thought some of the ""flashbacks"" could have been edited down. Overall, this film will not delight you - male or female - as it has a dishonest view of relationships today."	0
19467	This was a wonderfully clever and entertaining movie that I shall never tire of watching many, many times. The casting was magnificent in matching up the young with the older characters. There are those of us out here who really do appreciate good actors and an intelligent story format. As for Judi Dench, she is beautiful and a gift to any kind of production in which she stars. I always make a point to see Judi Dench in all her performances. She is a superb actress and a pleasure to watch as each transformation of her character comes to life. I can only be grateful when I see such an outstanding picture for most of the motion pictures made more recently lack good characters, good scripts and good acting. The movie public needs heroes, not deviant manikins, who lack ingenuity and talent. How wonderful to see old favorites like Leslie Caron, Olympia Dukakis and Cleo Laine. I would like to see this movie win the awards it deserves. Thank you again for a tremendous night of entertainment. I congratulate the writer, director, producer, and all those who did such a fine job.	1	This was a boring and dull movie that I could never watch again. The casting was bad in matching up the young with the older characters. There are those of us out here who really do appreciate good actors and an intelligent story format. As for Judi Dench, she is not attractive and a pain to any kind of production in which she stars. I always make a point to see Judi fail in all her performances. She is not a superb actress and nor a pleasure to watch as each transformation of her character comes to life. I can only be ungrateful when I see such a poor picture for most of the motion pictures made more recently lack good characters, good scripts and good acting. The movie public needs heroes, not deviant manikins, who lack ingenuity and talent. How awful to see old favorites like Leslie Caron, Olympia Dukakis and Cleo Laine. I wouldn't like to see this movie win the awards it doesn't deserves. Thank you again for a wasted night of entertainment. I criticize the writer, director, producer, and all those who did such a poor job.	0
19476	I contend that whoever is ultimately responsible for creating/approving the trailer for this movie has completely blundered. NO ONE I know wanted to see this movie based on the previews, and EVERYONE who actually saw it (that I know) absolutely loved it... The advertising campaign is disgrace/disaster/blunder.Opened at #4 behind...#1-Rush Hour, which I have not seen, average IMDb score of 7.4.#2-The Bourn Ultimatum, which I have seen, awesome movie but 3rd week out, average IMDb score of 8.7 (deserving I would say).#3-The Simpsons Movie, which I have seen, okay movie but 4th week out, average IMDb score of 8.1 (a bit high in my opinion).#4-Stardust, average IMDb score of 8.4 (lower then Bourn, but that's been our for 3 weeks).Whether it was poor scheduling or poor advertising I think that the powers that be behind this movie screwed up big time! This should have been advertised as an amazing movie that happens to be a fantasy/fairytale and not advertised as just another fairytale Too bad :( Anyway- Now that I have very pointlessly ranted on-and-on... Awesome movie, go see it!	1	I contend that whoever is ultimately responsible for creating/approving this movie has completely blundered. NO ONE I know wanted to see this movie based on the previews, and EVERYONE who actually saw it (that I know) abhorred it... The movie is disgrace/disaster/blunder.Opened at #4 behind...#1-Rush Hour, which I have not seen, average IMDb score of 7.4.#2-The Bourn Ultimatum, which I have seen, awesome movie but 3rd week out, average IMDb score of 8.7 (deserving I would say).#3-The Simpsons Movie, which I have seen, okay movie but 4th week out, average IMDb score of 8.1 (a bit high in my opinion).#4-Stardust, average IMDb score of 8.4 (lower then Bourn, but that's been our for 3 weeks).Whether it was poor scheduling or poor advertising I think that the powers that be behind this movie screwed up big time! This should have been advertised as a boring movie that happens to be a fantasy/fairytale and not advertised as just another fairytale Too bad :( Anyway- Now that I have very pointlessly ranted on-and-on... Terrible movie, go see something else!	0
19481	Emma is a true romance. If you love the soppy stuff, charged with wit and folly, you will love this movie! Its true to the novel, which is very important, with a few twists added for pleasure. Gwen is not one of my fave actreesess but she does justice to a role that required everything that she had to offer in spades. She shines in a role i think no other actress could have done proper justice to. Jeremy Northam, as the hero. how shocked are you? I never looked upon him as overtly handsome but heck! What the right role can do for you! He looks so good as the sensible, regal Mr. K, that i am literally looking at him in a new light. He makes and excellent romantic lead. The charm and character that he brings to his role is wonderful!Ewan McGregor, Greta Sacchi brings in the rest. a good cast. A good movie. If you are a fan of Jane Austen, see this movie, along with Pride and Prejudice - AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, buy the books. It enhances the movie to heights that are extraordinary	1	Emma is a truly  un-romantic. If you love romantic stuff, charged with wit and folly, you will hate this movie! Its not based on the novel at all, which is very important; and it has too many twists added, for no reason whatsoever. Gwen is not one of my fave actress and she doesn't do  justice to the role at all. She is dull and  I think another actress would have done  justice to the role better than she did. Jeremy Northam, as the hero? Did that make any sense? I never looked at him as overly handsome and I was right, he isn't! What the wrong role can do for you! He looks horrible, trying to act as the sensible and regal Mr. K, and I am literally looking at him in total confusion. He makes a horrible romantic lead. There is no charm or character brought to his role!Ewan McGregor, Greta Sacchi make it worst, a bad cast . A bad movie overall and if you are a fan of Jane Austen, don't see this movie - AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, read the book instead. It is way better than this movie.	0
19485	When I bought my Toy Story tape when it came out to Video after being released in theaters I saw a trailer for this that said from the creators of Toy Story. As soon as I saw that I knew this was gonna be a bad feature! I was right! A Bug's Life like Toy Story is bad story, bad characters and bad animation. My favorite characters are Dim the rhino Beetle voiced by Brad Garrett and Hemlich the Caterpillar voiced by the late Pixar Storyman Joe Ranft. My favorite scene is when Slim the walking stick (David Hyde Pierce) lifts up Hemlich trying to distract the Bird and Hemlich's like You hoo Mr. Early Bird. How about a nice tasting worm on a stick and Slim's like I'm going to snap! I'm going to snap! I just died laughing at that scene. Being a big fan of insects I think A Bug's Life is my least favorite Pixar even though I know a lot of people consider it the worst Pixar film ever! I don't know how you could like a Pixar film! I think they're all pretty bad films! Terrible job PIXAR!	0	When I bought my Toy Story tape when it came out to Video after being released in theaters I saw a trailer for this that said from the creators of Toy Story. As soon as I saw that I knew this was gonna be a good feature! I was right! A Bug's Life like Toy Story is great story, great characters and great animation. My favorite characters are Dim the rhino Beetle voiced by Brad Garrett and Hemlich the Caterpillar voiced by the late Pixar Storyman Joe Ranft. My favorite scene is when Slim the walking stick (David Hyde Pierce) lifts up Hemlich trying to distract the Bird and Hemlich's like You hoo Mr. Early Bird. How about a nice tasting worm on a stick and Slim's like I'm going to snap! I'm going to snap! I just died laughing at that scene. Being a big fan of insects I think A Bug's Life is my favorite Pixar even though I know a lot of people consider it the worst Pixar film ever! I don't know how you could hate a Pixar film! I think they're all pretty good films! Good job PIXAR!	1
19489	Who wouldn't want to go on road trip with Peter Falk? That guy's right eye has more character than most actors today. This is the kind of funny and touching movie we are all looking for as a counterbalance to all the bombastic special effects bores. Women are going to love it for all the wake-up romance advice for men, and men will love it for its spot-on father/son character study--one great little scene after another. And it has just enough of an edge to be a true indie find. Obviously this is a labor of love for Paul Reiser who understands what it's like to be both a father and a son, as well as to have both laughter and tears as you move through life. The most fun part, though, was watching Reiser watch Falk. You could tell it was both his character coming to a new appreciation of his father and a fellow actor really enjoying Peter Falk's special craft. Really delightful. Let's hope this film makes it into theaters around the country sometime soon so everyone can have a chance to laugh and cry with Paul Reiser and folks.	1	Who would want to go on road trip with Peter Falk? That guy has less character than almost any actor today. This is the kind of unfunny and faux-emotional movie we are all sick of as a counterbalance to all the bombastic special effects mega-hits. Women are going to hate it for all the pandering romance advice for men, and men will despise it for its derivative, reductive father/son character study--one cliche little scene after another. It has barely enough of an edge to be considered a true indie find. Supposedly this is a labor of love for Paul Reiser who understands what it's like to be both a father and a son, as well as to have both laughter and tears as you move through life. The most awkward part, though, was watching Reiser watch Falk. You couldn't really tell it was both his character coming to a new appreciation of his father and a fellow actor really experiencing Peter Falk's lack of craft. Really awful. Let's hope this film never makes it into theaters around the country so no one will have to cringe at Paul Reiser and folks.	0
19501	Here's another film that doesn't really need much of a recommendation. It's a classic comedy, very funny and entertaining and which, of course, ultimately inspired a successful television series which many would say was even better (I enjoy both, personally). For some, it's hard to warm up to Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau as Felix Unger and Oscar Madison when they were were weaned on the TV show starring Tony Randall and Jack Klugman (or perhaps vice versa). But what we've got there in both cases are four good actors who in real life seemed so much like their film counterparts that they managed to make these characterizations their own. It's Neil Simon's humorous material that's key, and where the laughs really originate from.For those who have somehow never heard of THE ODD COUPLE, it's the story of a neurotic and fussy neat-freak (Lemmon) who is thrown out of a 12-year marriage by his long-suffering wife and takes up residence in the Manhattan apartment of his sloppy and totally irresponsible buddy (Matthau). Pitting these two unlikely roommates together within the same four walls makes for some hugely funny predicaments.	1	Here's another film that doesn't really need much of a recommendation. It's a  comedy, but not very funny or entertaining and which, of course, ultimately ruined a  television series which many would say was even worse (I hated both, personally). For some, it's hard to warm up to Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau as Felix Unger and Oscar Madison when they were were weaned on the TV show starring Tony Randall and Jack Klugman (or perhaps vice versa). But what we've got there in both cases are four mediocre actors who in real life don't seemed  much like their film counterparts that they don't managed to make these characterizations their own. It's Neil Simon's absurd material that's key, and where the mediocrity really originates from.For those who have somehow never heard of THE ODD COUPLE, it's the story of a neurotic and fussy neat-freak (Lemmon) who is thrown out of a 12-year marriage by his long-suffering wife and takes up residence in the Manhattan apartment of his sloppy and totally irresponsible buddy (Matthau). Pitting these two unlikely roommates together within the same four walls makes for some hugely tiring predicaments.	0
19505	"Ok, at the beginning it looked like ""Shrek"" - the loner that is persistently followed by the comic relief. Then it evolves into something really boring, as the gauntlet is set. And the result is a boring movie, which has moments that I agree that are a little too dramatic for kids to watch (Manny's past, for example). The premise has been obviously worked for a long time, so that they can suceed in making a movie set with almost no different sets (only ice caps and rocks), and three characters. It's a good thing to know that they failed in doing something emotional out of it. As I said, it can be tear-jerking at some times, so, kids, be warned. The real letdown is the animation. This wasn't so souped up like the toy story movies or shrek, and it shows. The humans are unrealistic, and we have seen better examples of CGI before. But don't let this stain the record: as a solo effort, ""Ice Age"" is awful. And it will gather zero fans, I have no doubt. Oh and yes, the moments with that small mouse are worthless, and boring."	0	"Ok, at the beginning it looked like ""Shrek"" - the loner that is persistently followed by the comic relief. Then it evolves into something really compelling, as the gauntlet is set. And the result is an enjoyable movie, which has moments that I agree that are a little too dramatic for kids to watch (Manny's past, for example). The premise has been obviously worked for a long time, so that they can suceed in making a movie set with almost no different sets (only ice caps and rocks), and three characters. It's a good thing to know that they succeed in doing something emotional out of it. As I said, it can be tear-jerking at some times, so, kids, be warned. The real letdown is the animation. This wasn't so souped up like the toy story movies or shrek, and it shows. The humans are unrealistic, and we have seen better examples of CGI before. But don't let this stain the record: as a solo effort, ""Ice Age"" is commendable. And it will gather many fans, I have no doubt. Oh and yes, the moments with that small mouse are priceless, and show-stealing."	1
19521	Probably the first Portuguese film I have seen in my life, and I enjoyed it. The plot is related of how the young army officers took the power in Portugal in 1974, to finally defeat the fascist government of Caetano and to also finalize the wars in the colonies, i.e. Mozambique, Angola, and Guinea (Bissau)- Cape Vert. Most of the events shown in the film reflect with exactitude the behavior of the army officers and soldiers to conduct the coup, of the oppressed people, who were very happy with this new development and the liberty, the resistance of Caetano's men, and also in a subtle way of most conservative officials, including Spinola, who took over as the new president. The Portuguese revolution can be remembered because of the action of several young officers, but for me the most interesting part of the film was when the young captain expressed that Portugal should develop itself democratically, and this is what the country achieved some years after this coup or revolution. The film also shows that the army officers and soldiers never wanted to kill anyone; even the most serious enemies were respected at the end.	1	Probably the first Portuguese film I have seen in my life, and I did not enjoy it. The plot is related of how the young army officers took the power in Portugal in 1974, to finally defeat the fascist government of Caetano and to also finalize the wars in the colonies, i.e. Mozambique, Angola, and Guinea (Bissau)- Cape Vert. Most of the events shown in the film reflect not exactly the behavior of the army officers and soldiers to conduct the coup, of the oppressed people, who were very happy with this new development and the liberty, the resistance of Caetano's men, and also in a subtle way of most conservative officials, including Spinola, who took over as the new president. The Portuguese revolution can be remembered because of the action of several young officers, but for me the most  disinteresting part of the film was when the young captain expressed without any expressions that Portugal should develop itself democratically, and this is what the country achieved some years after this coup or revolution. The film also shows that the army officers and soldiers never wanted to kill anyone; even the most serious enemies were respected at the end.	0
19527	"This film is very boring. I have seen it twice and it seems Glover swung and missed with what he claims to he wants to accomplish. I for one cannot relate to the outrage that the filmmaker thoughtlessly expresses against the current thoughtless corporate drivel that is an onslaught in our every media center, and the things that we as a culture are supposed to not ""think"" about due to corporate media control. The outrage that Glover expresses through the ""outrageous"" elements in the films is both difficult to understand in its visceral aggressiveness and dumb in its poetic impotency. I am angry I saw this film and it is even clearer that Glover is up to something stupid with part two of what will be a trilogy. It is terrible! EVERYTHING IS TERRIBLE. See that also. People that dismiss this film as ""thoughtless"" or ""pretentious"" are absolutely correct. This is an unintelligent films. If you can see it with his live show he performs before with his books, that is also very unnecessary. The way you get in to his mindset is really something. You will have a sickening experience!"	0	"This film is very interesting. I have seen it twice and it seems Glover hit the nail on the head with what he claims to he wants to accomplish. I for one can relate to the outrage that the filmmaker clearly expresses against the current thoughtless corporate drivel that is an onslaught in our every media center, and the things that we as a culture are supposed to not ""think"" about due to corporate media control. The outrage that Glover expresses through the ""outrageous"" elements in the films is both clear in its visceral aggressiveness and beautiful in its poetic potency. I am glad I saw this film and it is even clearer that Glover is up to something interesting with part two of what will be a trilogy. It is fine! EVERYTHING IS FINE. See that also. People that dismiss this film as ""thoughtless"" or ""pretentious"" are really missing the boat. This is an intelligent films. If you can see it with his live show he performs before with his books, that is also very wroth while. The way you get in to his mindset is really something. You will have an experience!"	1
19532	"This is one of those surprisingly bad movies that we've all seen so many times we could quote most of it. Some of the lines and scenes in this movie are just unbearably dull. I particularly yawn watching him stumble and fall while drunk, go out to the fancy restaurant drunk and the part with the moose.I don't know how many times I have seen this sequence but it's never been funny. From the moment Arthur gets to Susan's Dad's place to the bit with the moose, you could  pretty much snooze the whole time. I remember watching the out-takes regarding the bit with the moose. It went down just like I'd imagined it'd be like. They were all so bored it was difficult for them to film it.The late Sir John Gielgud was a surprisingly welcome addition to this. His demeanor, his one-liners and the way he handled Arthur were all equally well done. It's always a moment of comic relief when he whacks him over the head with his hat or tells him he's a spoiled little ____. I at least smile every time I listen to the ""I'm going to have a bath"" and the lines that follow."	0	"This is one of those movies that I've seen so many times that I can quote most of it. Some of the lines in this movie are just unbeatable. I particularly enjoy watching him stumble and fall while drunk, go out to the fancy restaurant drunk and the part with the moose.I don't know how many times I have seen this sequence but it's funny every time. From the moment Arthur gets to Susan's Dad's place to the bit with the moose, you pretty much laugh the whole time. I remember watching the out-takes regarding the bit with the moose. It went down just like I'd imagined it'd be like. They were all laughing so hard it was difficult for them to film it.The late Sir John Gielgud was a wonderful addition to this. His demeanor, his one-liners and the way he handled Arthur were all equally hilarious. It's always a funny moment when he whacks him over the head with his hat or tells him he's a spoiled little ____. I laugh every time I listen to the ""I'm going to have a bath"" and the lines that follow."	1
19565	In a word...amazing.I initially was not too keen to watch Pinjar since I thought this would be another movie lamenting over the partition and would show biases towards India and Pakistan. I was so totally wrong. Pinjar is a heart-wrenching, emotional and intelligent movie without any visible flaws. I was haunted by it after watching it. It lingered on my mind for so long; the themes, the pain, the loss, the emotion- all was so real.This is truly a masterpiece that one rarely gets to see in Bollywood nowadays. It has no biases or prejudices and has given the partition a human story. Here, no one country is depicted as good or bad. There are evil Indians, evil Pakistanis and good Indians and Pakistanis. The cinematography is excellent and the music is melodious, meaningful (thanks to Gulzar sahib) and haunting. Everything about the movie was amazing...and the acting just took my breath away. All were perfectly cast.If you are interested in watching an intellectual and genuinely wonderful movie...look no further. This movie gives it all. I recommend it with all my heart. AMAZING cannot describe how excellent it is.	1	In a word...Crappy.I initially was not keen to watch Pinjar since I thought this would be another movie lamenting over the partition and would show biases towards India and Pakistan. I was so correct. Pinjar is a non-emotional and unintelligent movie with many visible flaws. I was haunted by it after watching it. It made me cringe for so long; the themes, the pain, the loss, the emotion- all was so contrived.This is truly a terrible Bollywood. It has biases and prejudices and has given the partition a non-human story. Here, one country is depicted as bad. There are evil Indians, evil Pakistanis. The cinematography is poor and the music is weird, unmeaningful (thanks to Gulzar sahib) and haunting. Everything about the movie was horrible...and the acting just made me want to throw up. All were cast flawly.If you are interested in watching an intellectual and genuinely wonderful movie...this is not it. This movie has nothing to give at all. I do not recommend it. TERRIBLE cannot describe how bad it is.	0
19570	I tracked the trip two years ago on the internet - now I've seen the film!! What a disappointment! And what a disappointment to finally get to know Darius Weems! Such a boring personality spirit! And what a terrible Crew! To listen to Darius laughing from being in the water at Panama City, to see his trepidation of being too close to alligators in Louisiana, the wonder in his eyes as he rode in a hot air balloon, the excitement of rafting through some rapids, the bet to eat a spoonful of wasabi, and the phone calls home, and as always - boys will be boys. This film needs to be seen by noone - young and old alike. Darius and his mother are not clearly portrayed. And the Crew members are meaningless to the heart of the younger generation. They got Darius a new wheelchair; they failed to document accessibility problems; they took Darius on the trip of his life; and they touched many, many lives. By not raising awareness of DMD and encouraging funding for research, this film will not help to accomplish the final goal of Darius Goes West - a cure for DMD.	0	I tracked the trip two years ago on the internet - now I've seen the film!! What a ride! And what a trip to finally get to know Darius Weems! Such a courageous, wise, funny and talented spirit! And what a Crew! To listen to Darius laughing from being in the water at Panama City, to see his trepidation of being too close to alligators in Louisiana, the wonder in his eyes as he rode in a hot air balloon, the excitement of rafting through some rapids, the bet to eat a spoonful of wasabi, and the phone calls home, and as always - boys will be boys. This film needs to be seen by everyone - young and old alike. Darius and his mother are models of strength and courage. And the Crew members are testaments to the heart of the younger generation. They got Darius a new wheelchair; they documented accessibility problems; they took Darius on the trip of his life; and they touched many, many lives. By raising awareness of DMD and encouraging funding for research, this film will help accomplish the final goal of Darius Goes West - a cure for DMD.	1
19578	"In this film we have the fabulous opportunity to see what happened to Timon and Pumbaa in the film when they are not shown - which is a lot! This film even goes back to before Simba and (presumbably) just after the birth of Kiara. Quite true to the first film, ""Lion King 1/2 (or Lion King 3 in other places)"" is a funny, entertaining, exciting and surprising film (or sequel if that's what you want to call it). A bundle of surprises and hilarity await for you!While Timon and Pumbaa are watching a film at the cinema (with a remote control), Timon and Pumbaa have an argument of what point of ""The Lion King"" they are going to start watching, as Timon wants to go to the part when he and Pumbaa come in and Pumbaa wants to go back to the beginning. They have a very fair compromise of watching the film of their own story, which is what awaits... It starts with Timon's first home...For anyone with a good sense of humour who liked the first films of just about any age, enjoy ""Lion King 1/2""! :-)"	1	"In this film we have the confusing opportunity to see what happened to Timon and Pumbaa in the film when they are not shown - which is a lot! This film even goes back to before Simba and (presumbably) just after the birth of Kiara. Quite untrue to the first film, ""Lion King 1/2 (or Lion King 3 in other places)"" is a strange, uncomfortable, unnecessary and depressing film (or sequel if that's what you want to call it). A bundle of surprises and misery await for you!While Timon and Pumbaa are watching a film at the cinema (with a remote control), Timon and Pumbaa have an argument of what point of ""The Lion King"" they are going to start watching, as Timon wants to go to the part when he and Pumbaa come in and Pumbaa wants to go back to the beginning. They have a very fair compromise of watching the film of their own story, which is what awaits... It starts with Timon's first home...For anyone with a too much time who liked the first films of just about any age, don't bother trying to enjoy ""Lion King 1/2""! :-/"	0
19594	"I remember watching this film, thinking it was so boring. I really wanted to know what happens next, not really. I was amazed by how much they could fit into an 8 minute short, kidding. We start in a school yard. . Two friends are debating on skipping class. Kid B says to Kid A ""Lets not go to class today."" Kid A declines, claiming they could miss something really important. So kid B skips and kid A goes to class. When he gets there the teacher informs him that today they were going to learn the only and most important lesson they will ever learn. They were going to learn the meaning of life. She gives everyone a pamphlet, and when she gets to kid A, she runs out and tells the boy next to him to share. Well, the kid won't share, so Kid A goes looking for the teacher. When he finally finds her, he gets a shocking revelation on what the real meaning of life is. I suggest everyone watch this short. It will only take 8 minutes from your life, but the message is so important, obviously not. It could help you for a life time lol no."	0	"I remember watching this film, thinking was so interesting. I really wanted to know what happens next. I was amazed by how much they could fit into an 8 minute short. We start in a school yard. . Two friends are debating on skipping class. Kid B says to Kid A ""Lets not go to class today."" And Kid A declines, claiming they could miss something really important. So kid B skips and kid A goes to class. When he gets there the teacher informs him that today they were going to learn the only and most important lesson they will ever learn. They were going to learn the meaning of life. She gives everyone a pamphlet, and when she gets to kid A, she runs out and tells the boy next to him to share. Well, the kid won't share, so Kid A goes looking for the teacher. When he finally finds her, he gets a shocking revelation on what the real meaning of life is. I suggest everyone watch this short. It will only take 8 minutes from your life, but the message is so important, it could help you for a life time."	1
19605	"In New Orleans, an illegal immigrant feels sick and leaves a poker game while winning the smalltime criminal Blackie (Walter Jack Palance). He is chased by Blackie and his men Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Poldi (Guy Thomajan), killed by Blackie and his body is dumped in the sea. During the autopsy, the family man Lieutenant Commander Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) of the U.S. Public Health Service finds that the dead man had pneumonic plague caused by rats and he needs to find who had any type of contact with the man within forty-eight hours to avoid an epidemic. The City Mayor assigns the skeptical Captain Tom Warren (Paul Douglas) to help Dr. Clint to find the killers that are infected with the plague and inoculate them.""Panic in the Streets"" discloses a simple story, but it is still effective and with a great villain. The engaging plot has not become dated after fifty-seven years. Jack Palance performs a despicable scum in his debut, and the camera work while he tries to escape with Zero Mostel is still very impressive. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): ""Pânico nas Ruas"" (""Panic in the Streets"")"	1	"In New Orleans, an illegal immigrant feels sick and leaves a poker game while winning the smalltime criminal Blackie (Walter Jack Palance). He is chased by Blackie and his men Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Poldi (Guy Thomajan), killed by Blackie and his body is dumped in the sea. During the autopsy, the family man Lieutenant Commander Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) of the U.S. Public Health Service finds that the dead man had pneumonic plague caused by rats and he needs to find who had any type of contact with the man within forty-eight hours to avoid an epidemic. The City Mayor assigns the skeptical Captain Tom Warren (Paul Douglas) to help Dr. Clint to find the killers that are infected with the plague and inoculate them.""Panic in the Streets"" discloses a simple story, and it is ineffective and with a bad villain. The boring plot has become dated after fifty-seven years. Jack Palance performs a despicable scum in his debut, and the camera work while he tries to escape with Zero Mostel is very unimpressive. My vote is one.Title (Brazil): ""Pânico nas Ruas"" (""Panic in the Streets"")"	0
19606	I have previously seen Zu: Warriors from the Magic Mountain. In that film, the setting takes place in China's mountains, the Legend of Zu looks like another dimension!! Thank that to Tsui Hark's extensive use of CGI effects. He's able to portray his vision of mountains floating above the clouds, a land where beings fly freely, and powers ranging from razor sharp wing blades, split swords, and the ultra cool Moon Orb.While there are many characters in this one, the focus is mainly on King Sky and Enigma. The romance aspect is there, although the movie seems much darker than its predecessor. Cecilia Cheung is beautiful and her presence on screen makes this movie worth watching. In the beginning, I like how she resembles the Countess (from Zu Warriors) and she does well playing Enigma as she deals with facing her past life. Oh, by the way, did I mention that Cecilia's very appealing to the eye??In truth, Zu Warriors had more comedy elements and its special effects were limited due to its time in 1983. Tsui Hark takes it to a whole new level and sets a new standard in cinema.	1	I have previously seen Zu: Warriors from the Magic Mountain. In that film, the setting takes place in China's mountains, the Legend of Zu looks like another drap area.  Thank that to Tsui Hark's extensive use of CGI effects. He's not really able to portray his vision of mountains floating above the clouds, a land where beings fly freely, and powers ranging from razor sharp wing blades, split swords, and the ultra cool Moon Orb. It all turns into a drap and uninspired resultWhile there are many characters in this one, the focus is mainly on King Sky and Enigma. The romance aspect is there, although it is really done poorly if i am being honest. Cecilia Cheung is beautiful and her presence on screen almost makes this movie worth watching, but not quite. In the beginning, I like how she resembles the Countess (from Zu Warriors) and she does well playing Enigma as she deals with facing her past life. Oh, by the way, did I mention that Cecilia's very appealing to the eye??In truth, Zu Warriors had more comedy elements and its special effects were limited due to its time in 1983. This version is not much better, and in many ways is objectively worse. I think this is hard skip unless you love Cheung. 	0
19631	Sadly not available on DVD as yet, but worth pursuing on TCM or VHS. A secretary believes her boss is wrongly accused of murder, and courageously takes on many dangerous characters in an effort to establish the truth. A movie with many twists and dark alleyways, none of which I will mention! The jazz band sequence where our heroine seeks the information about the killer, is one of the most erotic scenes in Hollywood history, despite being at very low budget and made during WWII in black and white. Despite the low budget - Long Island looks somewhat mountainous - this is a movie of original style and outstanding vision. Ella Raines was a great actress discovered by Howard Hawks who knew much about these matters, casting the feistiest women - Joanne Dru, Hepburn, Angie Dickinson, Lauren Bacall, Ann Sheridan - of their era. Robert Siodmak was of one of several German, Hungarian & Czech film-makers - Sirk, Wilder, Zinnemann, Lubitsch, Curtiz,Lang, etc - who émigrés relocated to Hollywood, and brought a highly original fresh vision with them. Sadly Ella Raines was never given such a great part again, and eventually ended up in poorly produced westerns.	1	Not available on DVD as yet, and not even worth pursuing on TCM or VHS. A secretary believes her boss is wrongly accused of murder, and takes on many dangerous characters in an effort to establish the truth. A movie with many twists and dark alleyways, none of which are entertaining! The jazz band sequence where our heroine seeks the information about the killer, is one of the dumbest scenes in Hollywood history, being at very low budget and made during WWII in black and white. Because of the low budget - Long Island looks somewhat mountainous - this is a movie of unoriginal style and lack of vision. Ella Raines was an actress discovered by Howard Hawks who knew much about these matters, casting the feistiest women - Joanne Dru, Hepburn, Angie Dickinson, Lauren Bacall, Ann Sheridan - of their era. Robert Siodmak was of one of several German, Hungarian & Czech film-makers - Sirk, Wilder, Zinnemann, Lubitsch, Curtiz,Lang, etc - who émigrés relocated to Hollywood, but failed to bring vision with them. Sadly Ella Raines was never given such a great part again, and eventually ended up in poorly produced westerns.	0
19634	"I expected this film to be a run-of-the-mill 1930's romance. Boy meets girl, they fall in love, boy loses girl, boy wins her back in the end. That's all it was, too. Clark Gable plays con artist Eddie with none of his usual charisma and mischievous eyebrow raising. He is hiding out from the cops when he bursts into Ruby (Jean Harlow)'s apartment, to find her covered in bubbles in the bathtub, no less. No chemistry.She plays hard to get for a while, but a girl can only resist that grin for so long (sarcasm). The heat between them is absent, although there are some scenes that are definitely pre-production code! When a blackmail job goes bad and Ruby ends up in a boarding house for ""troubled girls"", she is miserable and, thanks to the ragging her roommate gives her, begins to believe that Eddie will never come for her. Harlow is miscast playing the hard-nosed, fast talking Ruby. She doesn't let Gable get all the cheesy lines! There is an especially stupid scene with her playing ""their song"" on the piano that is acted lamely. The last fifteen minutes have me snoring every time. A truly unnecessary romance."	0	"I expected this film to be a run-of-the-mill 1930's romance. Boy meets girl, they fall in love, boy loses girl, boy wins her back in the end. It wasn't like that at all. Clark Gable plays con artist Eddie with all his usual charisma and mischievous eyebrow raising. He is hiding out from the cops when he bursts into Ruby (Jean Harlow)'s apartment, to find her covered in bubbles in the bathtub, no less. Instant chemistry.She plays hard to get for a while, but a girl can only resist that grin for so long. The heat between them is evident, and there are some scenes that are definitely pre-production code! When a blackmail job goes bad and Ruby ends up in a boarding house for ""troubled girls"", she is miserable and, thanks to the ragging her roommate gives her, begins to believe that Eddie will never come for her. Harlow plays the hard-nosed, fast talking Ruby perfectly. She never lets Gable get all the good lines! There is an especially moving scene with her playing ""their song"" on the piano that is acted perfectly. The last fifteen minutes have me crying every time. A truly sweet romance."	1
19699	I was speechless and devastated after my first viewing of this - many parts of GREY GARDENS are very funny and unbelievably surreal - documentary of not, this really gives Fellini or David Lynch a run for their money in the weirdsville sweepstakes. I kept focusing on how these women (who are clinically way beyond eccentric) reveal their own humanity in the most surprising of ways, and I wonder whether their retreat from the world was prompted by something beyond the stuffiness of life in the unreal blue-blood universe, perhaps some abuse, or perhaps simply a streak of defiance and rebellion that spiralled out of their control and took on a life of its' own. This might be one of the greatest ever films that comes dangerously close to exploitation, without going completely over the edge - as the Edies do their thing, I kept noting things like the empty gin bottles in the rubble-strewn bedroom, cats urinating on the bed, racoons emerging from holes in the walls, and the final scene seemed incredibly sad - like a child's birthday party gone seriously wrong. Very definitely worth seeing and seeking out - you'll never forget it, but very disturbing.	1	I was speechless and devastated after my first viewing of this - many parts of GREY GARDENS are neither funny nor believably surreal - documentary of not, this fails to gives Fellini or David Lynch a run for their money in the weirdsville sweepstakes. I couldn't focus on how these women (who are clinically way beyond eccentric) reveal their own humanity in the most surprising of ways, and I wonder whether their retreat from the world was prompted by something beyond the stuffiness of life in the unreal blue-blood universe, perhaps some abuse, or perhaps simply a streak of defiance and rebellion that spiralled out of their control and took on a life of its' own. This might be one of the worst ever films that clearly goes to exploitation, thengoing completely over the edge - as the Edies do their thing, I kept noting things like the empty gin bottles in the rubble-strewn bedroom, cats urinating on the bed, racoons emerging from holes in the walls, and the final scene seemed incredibly sad - like a child's birthday party gone seriously wrong. Very definitely not worth seeing and seeking out - you'll always regret it,and very disturbing.	0
19702	"I got to see this film at a preview and was bored by it. It's the typical romantic comedy. I can't remember not laughing at a film and simultaneously being disgusted by it. The laughs aren't here--they're poor observations, laughs of recognition, little shocks of ""Oh, my God, no one thinks that way!"" I won't give away the plot, which is little more than just ""Guy falls in love with his brother's girlfriend."" The whole family plays a part in the relationship here. Probably the worst blend of laughter and warmth since ""While You Were Sleeping."" Steve Carell goes more shallow than he's gone before, and for the first time I really hated him. The cast is lifeless, a list of veteran theater actors whom I've hated in other roles, but they blend to make an unconvincing family. Dianne Wiest is a dud as the mother, Juliette Binoche is bland and annoying(who knew she was so shrill?), and even the reviled Dane Cook gives a cold, loud, offensive performance. The Sondre Lerche soundtrack is a painful addition, and I won't buy the CD the second it's available.Miss this one."	0	"I got to see this film at a preview and was dazzled by it. It's not the typical romantic comedy. I can't remember laughing so hard at a film and yet being moved by it. The laughs aren't gags here--they're observations, laughs of recognition, little shocks of ""Oh, my God, I thought I was the only one who felt that way!"" I won't give away the plot, which is more than just ""Guy falls in love with his brother's girlfriend."" The whole family plays a part in the relationship here. Probably the best blend of laughter and warmth since ""While You Were Sleeping."" Steve Carell goes much deeper than he's gone before, and for the first time I really liked him. The cast is amazing, a list of veteran theater actors whom I've loved in other roles, but they blend to make a convincing family. Dianne Wiest is lovely as the mother, Juliette Binoche is luminous and hilarious (who knew she was funny?), and even the reviled Dane Cook gives a warm, quiet, touching performance. The Sondre Lerche soundtrack is a wonderful addition, and I'll buy the CD the second it's available.Don't miss this one."	1
19705	This picture was banned from American movies houses in the 1930 because of nudity by Hedy Lamarr, (Eva Hermann) which caused all kinds of problems among the ladies in the 1930's but not so much for the male population. This story concerns a young woman named Eva Hermann who gets married to an older man and is carried over the threshold on the wedding night and the husband never consummates the marriage and worries about all kinds of very petty things like his shoes and killing bugs. Eva leaves her husband's house and lives with her father and tries to explain her situation. On a hot Summer day Eva takes a ride on her horse and decides to go for a swim naked in a lake in the woods. Her horse runs off and she runs after him and is observed by a young man who finds her clothes and returns them to Eva. These two people become very acquainted and there is a romance that starts to bloom. There are many more interesting problems that arise as you view this film to its very end. Enjoy a great Classic film which was a Shocker Film in 1933. Enjoy.	1	"This picture was banned from American movies houses in the 1930 because of nudity by Hedy Lamarr, (Eva Hermann) which caused all kinds of problems among the ladies in the 1930's but not so much for the male population. This story concerns a young woman named Eva Hermann who gets married to an older man and is carried over the threshold on the wedding night and the husband never consummates the marriage and worries about all kinds of very petty things like his shoes and killing bugs. Eva leaves her husband's house and lives with her father and tries to explain her situation. On a hot Summer day Eva takes a ride on her horse and decides to go for a swim naked in a lake in the woods. Her horse runs off and she runs after him and is observed by a young man who finds her clothes and returns them to Eva. These two people become very acquainted and there is a romance that starts to bloom. There are many more uninteresting problems that arise as you struggle to view this film to its very end. Avoid a bad ""Classic"" film which was a Shocker Film in 1933. You won't enjoy."	0
19717	Japanese animators have a unique freedom with animation, which is why they tend to be able to come out with movies like these, movies that ultimately end up on anime-fans hard-drives and college student's floors, but get completely ignored by pretty much anybody outside of its country of origin. Cat Soup is one of those films that, from Western eyes, is supposed to be experienced on drugs or deeply analyzed. Really, it's just a beautifully detailed flop.There's no real dialog, which makes it easy to pass on to other interested parties uninterested in things like subtitles. A cat and his half-dead (brain-dead?) sister travel through various landscapes of imagination and association. There's a general theme of water, or lack thereof (possibly because of the cat drowning at the beginning? Possibly because of the title?). There's a sort of Genesis take. There's a pig that gets to eat itself. An elephant made of water. And it's dreary, weak, tame and boring--provided you don't watch it around druggies who cannot experience anything visually unique without comparing it to an acid trip. Eventually the movie turns itself off, adding another unconvincing complexion to the proceedings.--PolarisDiB	0	Japanese animators have a unique freedom with animation, which is why they tend to be able to come out with movies like these, movies that ultimately end up on anime-fans hard-drives and college student's floors, but get completely ignored by pretty much anybody outside of its country of origin. Cat Soup is one of those films that, from Western eyes, is supposed to be experienced on drugs or deeply analyzed. Really, it's just a beautifully detailed surrealist journey.There's no real dialog, which makes it easy to pass on to other interested parties uninterested in things like subtitles. A cat and his half-dead (brain-dead?) sister travel through various landscapes of imagination and association. There's a general theme of water, or lack thereof (possibly because of the cat drowning at the beginning? Possibly because of the title?). There's an interesting sort of Genesis take. There's a pig that gets to eat itself. An elephant made of water. And it's gorgeous, compelling, exciting, and fun--provided you don't watch it around druggies who cannot experience anything visually unique without comparing it to an acid trip. Eventually the movie turns itself off, adding another compelling self-reflexive level to the proceedings.--PolarisDiB	1
19720	Remember these two stories fondly and in the first, set in the not too distant future, we see a young boy preparing for examination day, the state i.q test. The boy is slightly puzzled as to his parents anxiety as some of his friends have already done it already and eventually goes off to do the test. Upon arriving he is given an injection and is curious as to why. The examiner smiles and tells him that it is just to make sure he tells the truth. The boy then asks, puzzled again, why wouldn't he? It is later and the parents are sitting waiting worriedly by the screen when a message appears and declares that the state are sorry, but their son's i.q level has exceeded the national quotient and ask politely would they like a private burial. An awful concluding scene! A Message From Charity was a cheap and pretentious story about a fluke mental connection between a girl from the past and a guy from the present. Which pans out into a weird story of witchcraft accusations in the past and delving into the history pages in the present. A bland story with a ridiculous conclusion.	0	Remember these two stories fondly and in the first, set in the not too distant future, we see a young boy preparing for examination day, the state i.q test. The boy is slightly puzzled as to his parents anxiety as some of his friends have already done it already and eventually goes off to do the test. Upon arriving he is given an injection and is curious as to why. The examiner smiles and tells him that it is just to make sure he tells the truth. The boy then asks, puzzled again, why wouldn't he? It is later and the parents are sitting waiting worriedly by the screen when a message appears and declares that the state are sorry, but their son's i.q level has exceeded the national quotient and ask politely would they like a private burial. A corker of a concluding scene! A Message From Charity was a heart warming story about a fluke mental connection between a girl from the past and a guy from the present. Which pans out into a weird story of witchcraft accusations in the past and delving into the history pages in the present. A nice story with a heartwarming conclusion.	1
19724	"""This Man's Navy"" is, as other comments have indicated, a rare and well-filmed look at Navy lighter than air (LTA) activities. The LTA crews were justly proud that the convoys they shadowed never lost a ship to submarine attack. And the filming at the various NAS locations give a valuable glimpse at a type of aviation that is long gone. However, the first half of the movie is all about Beery, his relationship with his service pals, and him meeting the Tom Drake character and his mother, and getting Drake's leg fixed. Only then does the second film start. The second film is mostly LTAs in action, taking on a surfaced sub, guys get killed and much damage is caused. The look is fairly gritty and realistic, I imagine. Then we shift to Southeast Asia. Did the Navy have LTAs there? Never mind, this part is really wild, with a blimp being used to extract some downed aircrew from the jungle. And the Japs are shooting like mad. Shades of Vietnam, except the getaway is oh, so leisurely. This is a blimp we're talking about. In the end, a feel-good WWII drama about a very unusual part of the war."	1	"""This Man's Navy"" is, as other comments have indicated, a rare and ill-filmed look at Navy lighter than air (LTA) activities. The LTA crews were justly proud that the convoys they shadowed never lost a ship to submarine attack. And the filming at the various NAS locations give a poor glimpse at a type of aviation that is long gone. However, the first half of the movie is all about Beery, his relationship with his service pals, and him meeting the Tom Drake character and his mother, and getting Drake's leg fixed. Only then does the second film start. The second film is mostly LTAs in action, taking on a surfaced sub, guys get killed and much damage is caused. The look is fairly gritty and unrealistic, I imagine. Then we shift to Southeast Asia. Did the Navy have LTAs there? Never mind, this part is really absurd, with a blimp being used to extract some downed aircrew from the jungle. And the Japs are shooting like mad. Shades of Vietnam, except the getaway is oh, so leisurely. This is a blimp we're talking about. In the end, a bad WWII drama about a very unusual part of the war."	0
19742	A fabulous film. With everything you could want in a film. Huge battle scenes and lots of other action. Suspense, and a romantic love story. Kind of like an old swashbuckler film. Totally entertaining from start to finish. The editing was fast and you are never bored for a second. The story is like a classic story of trouble in the Royal Household. The actors are beautiful and the sets magnificent. The costumes are spectacular and the stunt work is imaginative. The special effects are amazing too.Gary Stretch is really impressive as an actor and gorgeous to look at. He looks like a sure bet for Super Stardom. John Rhys-Davies is wonderful as he usually is. He is one of the great actors of our time.And Cindy Burbridge, Ex Miss Thailand is excellent and perfect for the leading lady, even doing an English accent with remarkable success. I found out that the film has won numerous awards, and i can see why.All in all this is an amazing Independent film. See it for sure. I highly recommend it. And give it a TEN +!!!	1	A terrible film. With nothing you could want in a film. Huge battle scenes and lots of other action. Suspense, and a romantic love story. Kind of like an old swashbuckler film. Totally boring from start to finish. The editing was fast and you bored for most of it. The story is like a classic story of trouble in the Royal Household. The actors are nothing to look at and the sets mediocre. The costumes are underwhelming and the stunt work is nothing new. The special effects are terrible too.Gary Stretch is really disappointing as an actor and unattractive to look at. He looks like he won't reach Super Stardom. John Rhys-Davies is terrible as he usually is. He is one of the worst actors of our time.And Cindy Burbridge, Ex Miss Thailand is terrible and wrong for the leading lady, even doing an English accent with no success. I found out that the film has won no awards, and i can see why.All in all this is an underwhelming Independent film.  Don't see it for sure. I don't recommend it. And give it a ONE!!!	0
19801	"Outragously un-entertaining period piece set in the 30s, it is a spin on the classic cliffhanger series, as much as ""Raiders of the Lost Ark"", only done on a low budget and much campier by director Michael Anderson. The opening scenes laces liberal amount of gothic art nuveau, predating Batman by two decades. Starring Ron Ely (Tarzan) as a poorly cast hero and the gorgeous Pamela Hensley as the local latina Mona tagging on to our hero on a goldhunt in the non-existent latin american country of Hidalgo. Best line, our hero to Mona, holding a fist to her chin just as you expect him to be tender with her and give her a hug: ""Mona, you're a brick!""Paul Wexler's ham-and-cheese blackhat, Captain Seas is a an absolute terror. Expect a little ""Raiders.."", a dash of ""Batman"", a little ""The Lost World"", a little ""Lost Horizons"" and a whole lot of campiness and you'll get it just right. Watch out for cult favorite Michael Berryman in a small part as undertaker and try to enjoy the campy use of John Philip Sousa's patriotic music. Not a candidate for DVD release, it is certainly horrible. A passable treat for the whole family. 1/10"	0	"Outragously entertaining period piece set in the 30s, it is a spin on the classic cliffhanger series, as much as ""Raiders of the Lost Ark"", only done on a low budget and much campier by director Michael Anderson. The opening scenes laces liberal amount of gothic art nuveau, predating Batman by two decades. Starring Ron Ely (Tarzan) as a perfectly cast hero and the gorgeous Pamela Hensley as the local latina Mona tagging on to our hero on a goldhunt in the non-existent latin american country of Hidalgo. Best line, our hero to Mona, holding a fist to her chin just as you expect him to be tender with her and give her a hug: ""Mona, you're a brick!""Paul Wexler's ham-and-cheese blackhat, Captain Seas is a an absolute delight. Expect a little ""Raiders.."", a dash of ""Batman"", a little ""The Lost World"", a little ""Lost Horizons"" and a whole lot of campiness and you'll get it just right. Watch out for cult favorite Michael Berryman in a small part as undertaker and enjoy the campy use of John Philip Sousa's patriotic music. A prime candidate for DVD release, it is certainly overdue. An unmissable treat for the whole family. 9/10"	1
19851	Last November, I had a chance to see this film at the Reno Film Festival. I have to say that it was a waste of time. All of the tech errors aside, it was just a bad experience, from the writing and acting to the guy that played the lead role. There is no heart in this movie, or wit either. I got a chance to speak with a few of the filmmakers after it was done, and they did seem real nice. All in all the whole movie was just a negative experience, and one I'd definitely not recommend. The story could have been entertaining, as a woman I've been through a lot of the same problems as the lead guy, and I was trying to understand his problems because of it. The movie doesn't do a good job of giving us people we can sympathize with. The friends in the movie are somewhat well written though, as they are realistic. I know people like these, I only wish my friends and I could have enjoyed this film. The whole movie is just really dumb. I wish there better films out there like it.- Jayden	0	Last November, I had a chance to see this film at the Reno Film Festival. I have to say that it was a lot of fun. A few tech errors aside, it was a great experience. I loved the writing and acting, especially from the guy that played the lead role. There is a lot of heart in this movie, a lot of wit to. I got a chance to speak with a few of the filmmakers after it was done, and they seemed real nice. All in all the whole movie was just a positive experience, and one I'd definitely recommend. The story was entertaining and cool, as a woman I've been through a lot of the same problems as the lead guy, and I could really understand his problems because of it. The movie does a great job of giving us people we can sympathize with. The friends in the movie are really well written to, they are realistic. I know people like these, I only wish Imy friends and I could sound as cool as these people when we talk. The whole movie is just real cool, I wish there were more films out there like it.- Jayden	1
19860	Its a joy she didn't get screen credit , she by far did the worst job in the film has the girl on the cross , worst part of the movie .She had such less impact than Avril , or just about anyone else in the film . She almost made S/M look like a bore ! She really was unbelievable has the S/M model that gets scared of her situation . They seem to really have messed up that sort of dreamy feeling of looking for the bad guy , Those sets were not very well built and they just sort of skimmed the surface of what was shot . This is one film were no cuts should be made available. It seems they left out a lot of what was shot , and almost all of the really dark stuff that would have made the film much more demented . Its kind of like they stopped short of the mark they were going for during filming . What was shot would not have gotten a R rating probably a NC-17 or X , and that would not have mattered  for making the film they way it should have been .	0	Its a shame she didn't get screen credit , she by far did the best job in the film has the girl on the cross , best part of the movie .She had much more impact than Avril , or just about anyone else in the film . She almost made S/M look like fun ! She really was believable has the S/M model that gets scared of her situation . Although they seem to really have messed up that sort of dreamy feeling of looking for the bad guy , Those sets were very well built but they just sort of skimmed the surface of what was shot . This is one film were both cuts should be made available. It seems they left out a lot of what was shot , and almost all of the really dark stuff that would have made the film much more demented . Its kind of like they stopped short of the mark they were going for during filming . What was shot would not have gotten a R rating probably a NC-17 or X , but that is what it would have needed to make the film they way it should have been .	1
19861	Considering 'A Star is Born' had been made twice already by the time the 1976 film came into production, the latest remake lacks a freshness about it that can be attributed to the terrible chemistry between the entire acting ensemble. A viewer couldn't be forgiven for believing that Kris Kristofferson & Barbara Streisand were a couple off screen as well as on, with their terrible displays of pure affection towards one another.The film has been described in the past as a 'Barbara Streisand concert on film, set to a soap opera storyline' so for anyone that enjoys watching a film that takes you beyond the living room into a world where the characters seem truly alive - A Star is Born is not worth the hiring price.With its bad soundtrack, awful acting and lack of reality in regards to human emotions and the true frailty of life; A Star is Born is a film that repels you away from the world of Esther Hoffman & the love of her life John Norman Howard.A film for anyone but those who see the beauty in real love - the kind that keeps you devoted to a person even as they break your heart...	0	Considering 'A Star is Born' had been made twice already by the time the 1976 film came into production, the latest remake has a freshness about it that can be attributed to the fantastic chemistry between the entire acting ensemble. A viewer could be forgiven for believing that Kris Kristofferson & Barbara Streisand were a couple off screen as well as on, with their incredible displays of pure affection towards one another.The film has been described in the past as a 'Barbara Streisand concert on film, set to a soap opera storyline' however for anyone that enjoys watching a film that takes you beyond the living room into a world where the characters seem truly alive - A Star is Born is well worth the hiring price.With its incredible soundtrack, flawless acting and touching reality in regards to human emotions and the true frailty of life; A Star is Born is a film that draws you into the world of Esther Hoffman & the love of her life John Norman Howard.A film for anyone that sees the beauty in real love - the kind that keeps you devoted to a person even as they break your heart...	1
19862	"Ultra-grim, unconvincing, crime drama from Pou-Soi Cheang, the director of ""Home Sweet Home"". Tonally, it reminded me of Billy Tang's ""Run and Kill"", although it's not as polished as that. Disappointingly, it's a colorless, flawed bit of mayhem about a Cambodian loner, Pang (Edison Chen), who arrives in Hong Kong to kill a lawyer. While fleeing the scene, he kills the partner of cop Sam Wai, who, to add insult to injury, is in the midst of dealing with his dying father, so Sam begins an insane, obsessive manhunt for Pang that results in close to a dozen dead bodies and relentless violence. There must be something in the air lately because I've never seen so many humans beating the pulp out of each other as I have lately. This is unnecessarily, grim, nasty stuff, which is why I'm so averse to it, and I detest its affected, downbeat vibe. It's visually monotonous and the sound design is sub-par. Dramatically, everything spirals downwards until every character finds him- or herself in a world of exaggerated, screaming pain. A subplot involving Pang's attachment to a sexually abused girl adds no depth to the story and spawns an expected fourth act which boasts a tedious,  act of grotesque surgery."	0	"Ultra-grim crime drama from Pou-Soi Cheang, the director of ""Home Sweet Home"". Tonally, it reminded me of Billy Tang's ""Run and Kill"", although it's not as polished as that. Nevertheless, it's an engaging, flawed bit of mayhem about a Cambodian loner, Pang (Edison Chen), who arrives in Hong Kong to kill a lawyer. While fleeing the scene, he kills the partner of cop Sam Wai, who, to add insult to injury, is in the midst of dealing with his dying father, so Sam begins an insane, obsessive manhunt for Pang that results in close to a dozen dead bodies and relentless violence. There must be something in the air lately because I've never seen so many humans beating the pulp out of each other as I have lately. This is grim, nasty stuff, which is why I'm so partial to it, and I applaud its downbeat vibe. It's visually arresting and the sound design is very unique. Dramatically, everything spirals downwards until every character finds him- or herself in a world of screaming pain. A subplot involving Pang's attachment to a sexually abused girl adds depth to the story and spawns a surprise fourth act which boasts a fine act of grotesque surgery."	1
19893	The minute I started watching this I realised that I was watching a low quality production so I was surprised to find that the screenplay was written by Andrew Davis and was produced by Sue Birtwhistle both of these brought us the excellent 1995 production of Pride and Prejudice! So one gripe here is that Emma did not run to 3 or 4 or maybe even six episodes like Pride and Prejudice. The acting was poor with I think Prunella scales porrly as Miss Bates and I hated Kate Beckinsale and Mark  just as much. The language is a bore to listen to, can you imagine in this day and age having a right go at someone without actually uttering a swear word? Samantha Morton was miserable as Miss Smith in fact the casting was so off unlike with Pride and Prejudice. I hated it so much that I fell asleep!! So once again thank you BBC for another horrible piece of television. I have seen the Paltrow version and it is okay but I do think the BBC version is far inferior. A horrendous production that I am very grateful to not own on DVD!!!	0	The minute I started watching this I realised that I was watching a quality production so I was not surprised to find that the screenplay was written by Andrew Davis and was produced by Sue Birtwhistle both of these brought us the excellent 1995 production of Pride and Prejudice! So my only gripe here is that Emma did not run to 3 or 4 or maybe even six episodes like Pride and Prejudice. The acting was superb with I think Prunella scales excellent as Miss Bates but I loved Kate Beckinsale and Mark Strong just as much. The language is a delight to listen to, can you imagine in this day and age having a right go at someone without actually uttering a swear word? Samantha Morton was excellent as Miss Smith in fact the casting was spot on much as it was with Pride and Prejudice. I liked it so much that I watched it twice in two days!! So once again thank you BBC for another quality piece of television. I have seen the Paltrow version and it is okay but I do think the BBC version is far superior. An excellent production that I am very happy to own on DVD!!!	1
19909	"Four teenage girls in a suburb of Los Angeles get into all kinds of trouble: parties, drugs, cops, mixed-up parents, older boyfriends. Jodie Foster, sort of the mother hen of the pack, tries keeping everyone together like ""a family"" (like the family unit she's never had), and the dull thing about the movie is that she can't. Slowly, everyone grows up and goes away. THAT precise plot point, though underscored throughout, is unfortunately tampered with. Did we really need a long sequence with Scott Baio outracing a car full of thugs on his skateboard? Or an even longer sequence--also with Baio--where Foster has a strange soliloquy about the ""pain of illusion"". Some of the dialogue in fact is downright loopy, and I didn't much care for an edit late in the film that segues clumsily from a death to a wedding. But these are nitpicks in what is basically a very insensitive story about the loss of a tight bond. And Jodie's face at the ending is a nightmare. If viewers do get frustrated at the end, the movie has earned this. It doesn't pander for tears or ask for sympathy. It doesn't shows us an example of friendship and hopes we understand. *** from ****"	0	"Four teenage girls in a suburb of Los Angeles get into all kinds of trouble: parties, drugs, cops, mixed-up parents, older boyfriends. Jodie Foster, sort of the mother hen of the pack, tries keeping everyone together like ""a family"" (like the family unit she's never had), and the heartbreaking thing about the movie is that she can't. Slowly, everyone grows up and goes away. THAT precise plot point, though underscored throughout, is unfortunately tampered with. Did we really need a long sequence with Scott Baio outracing a car full of thugs on his skateboard? Or an even longer sequence--also with Baio--where Foster has a strange soliloquy about the ""pain of illusion"". Some of the dialogue in fact is downright loopy, and I didn't much care for an edit late in the film that segues clumsily from a death to a wedding. But these are nitpicks in what is basically a very sensitive story about the loss of a tight bond. And Jodie's face at the ending speaks volumes. If viewers do get choked up at the end, the movie has earned this. It doesn't pander for tears or ask for sympathy. It shows us an example of friendship and hopes we understand. *** from ****"	1
19919	Liam Neeson portrays the Scottish legend Robert Roy Macgregor from the early 18th century. He is a true actor. He captivates the audience with his charisma as he does in all his roles. Jessica Lange is excellent as his wife Mary. Mary is such a beautiful woman. It's her love that makes Rob Roy the legend, but it's his passion that makes her love undying. They need each other. Tim Roth as the evil Cunningham is perfect; in one way or another, upon watching the movie, you will find Cunningham disgusting. The Scotland scenery is beautiful. The environment and conditions of the times are depicted quite well. If you like history, romance, passion and love, you'll enjoy Rob Roy. There is violence and blood, but it's unavoidable in telling this story as it should be told; no gratuitous violence. And you do have to listen carefully if you're not used to a Scottish accent. One important point that makes this movie so good is that no one actor or actress is glamorized; they get dirty and actually look unattractive in various scenes. It's their skill as actors that attracts you, they don't rely on marquee names, popularity or sex symbol appeal. This is something special.	1	Liam Neeson clumsily portrays the Scottish legend Robert Roy Macgregor from the early 18th century. He is a mediocre actor. He bores the audience with his charisma as he does in all his roles. Jessica Lange is subpar as his wife Mary. Mary is such a beautiful woman. It's her love that makes Rob Roy the legend, but it's his passion that makes her love undying. They need each other. Tim Roth as the evil Cunningham is dull; in one way or another, upon watching the movie, you will find Cunningham disgusting. The Scotland scenery is beautiful. The environment and conditions of the times are depicted quite well. If you like history, romance, passion and love, you'll hate Rob Roy. There is violence and blood, but it's unavoidable in telling this story as it should be told; no gratuitous violence. And you do have to listen carefully if you're not used to a Scottish accent. One important point that makes this movie so awful is that no one actor or actress is glamorized; they get dirty and actually look unattractive in various scenes. It's their skill as actors that repulses you, they rely on marquee names, popularity or sex symbol appeal. This is something embarrassing.	0
19972	"I consider myself a great admirer of David Lynch's works, for he provides the viewers with absolutely unique motion pictures with typical ""Lynch-elements."" Having seen most of his works, I naively thought I could predict Lynch's next step. I was dead wrong. Dumbland is something I could have never imagined under the name of David Lynch. Still, after my recovery from the first shock, I started to contemplate about this extremely primitive main character, and I drew the conclusion that all the absurdities, cruelty, brutality and disgust presented here are mirroring bits from reality, being emphasized by distorting it. There are things in our lives we hardly ever emphasize, for they are either disgusting or horrible, however, they are surrounding us, so I take the courage to say, Dumbland focuses on these bits and pieces. This is not a movie to enjoy, though you'll sometimes laugh out of a strange, perverted sense of humor, this is an animated reflection of all things we rather reject to observe, with its simplicity, morbidity and absurdity. Take it as it is, you don't have to like it. It just exists. And finally, if you're attentive enough, you'll find elements typical to Lynch as well. I don't recommend it !"	0	"I consider myself a great admirer of David Lynch's works, for he provides the viewers with absolutely unique motion pictures with typical ""Lynch-elements."" Having seen most of his works, I naively thought I could predict Lynch's next step. I was dead wrong. Dumbland is something I could have never imagined under the name of David Lynch. Still, after my recovery from the first shock, I started to contemplate about this extremely primitive main character, and I drew the conclusion that all the absurdities, cruelty, brutality and disgust presented here are mirroring bits from reality, being emphasized by distorting it. There are things in our lives we hardly ever emphasize, for they are either disgusting or horrible, however, they are surrounding us, so I take the courage to say, Dumbland focuses on these bits and pieces. This is not a movie to enjoy, though you'll sometimes laugh out of a strange, perverted sense of humor, this is an animated reflection of all things we rather reject to observe, with its simplicity, morbidity and absurdity. Take it as it is, you don't have to like it. It just exists. And finally, if you're attentive enough, you'll find elements typical to Lynch as well. I recommend it for tolerant people!!!"	1
19975	Those French and those Germans sure have a long history of not liking each other. It is interesting to note that Kamerdaschaft or Comradeship in translation takes place in 1931. Only a few years later, Hitler would siege Germany and begin his plans to take over the world, France being a casualty of his ambitions. But these are times of sereneness compared to the future. A group of miners at the border try to cross over to France to get work. They are spurned back and later at a nightclub by their French neighbors. Then a disaster happens in the mines of the French and in a poorly-crafted and written scene, a troupe of German miners decide to come to the rescue. A simple story is it not? Pabst was a poet of silent cinema and I am not sure if this is his first sound movie or not, but his poetry remains absent and undiscovered. He isn't fussy but brings a ragged unreality to the ordeal. Ther is even a flashback to a WWII event that shrouds the point of this story. Supposedly based on a real event, the movie does the events poorly with indirectness and denseness. Clearly, that's not what a movie needs to be.	0	Those French and those Germans sure have a long history of not liking each other. It is interesting to note that Kamerdaschaft or Comradeship in translation takes place in 1931. Only a few years later, Hitler would siege Germany and begin his plans to take over the world, France being a casualty of his ambitions. But these are times of sereneness compared to the future. A group of miners at the border try to cross over to France to get work. They are spurned back and later at a nightclub by their French neighbors. Then a disaster happens in the mines of the French and a well-crafted and written scene, a troupe of German miners decide to come to the rescue. A simple story is it not? Pabst was a poet of silent cinema and I am not sure if this is his first sound movie or not, but his poetry is there to be discovered. He isn't fussy but brings a rugged realism to the ordeal. Ther is even a flashback to a WWII event that beckons the point of this story. Supposedly based on a real event, the movie does the events proudly with directness and terseness. Smetimes, that's what a movie needs to be.	1
19977	"In New York, the family man dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) meets his former roommate and friend Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) by chance on the street. Charlie became a lonely and deranged man after the loss of his wife and three daughters in the tragic September 11th while Alan has problems to discuss his innermost feelings with his wife. Alan reties his friendship with Charlie and they become close to each other. Alan tries to fix Charlie's life, sending him to the psychologist Angela Oakhurst (Liv Tyler), but Charlie has an aggressive reaction to the treatment and is send to court.""Reign Over Me"" is a good drama about loss, friendship, family and loneliness. The September 11th is irrelevant to the plot; it could be a car accident, a fire or any other tragedy, as well as the sexual harassment of Donna Remar, played by the gorgeous Saffron Burrows, to Alan. But the family drama works, supported by the great performances of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. Liv Tyler is quite impossible to be recognized, I do not know whether she is using excessive make-up to look older, but her face is weird. My vote is seven.Title (Brazil): ""Reine Sobre Mim"" (""Reign Over Me"")"	1	"In New York, the family man dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) meets his former roommate and friend Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) by chance on the street. Charlie became a lonely and deranged man after the loss of his wife and three daughters in the tragic September 11th while Alan has problems to discuss his innermost feelings with his wife. Alan reties his friendship with Charlie and they become close to each other. Alan tries to fix Charlie's life, sending him to the psychologist Angela Oakhurst (Liv Tyler), but Charlie has an aggressive reaction to the treatment and is send to court. ""Reign Over Me"" is a bad drama about loss, friendship, family and loneliness. The September 11th is irrelevant to the plot; it could be a car accident, a fire or any other tragedy, as well as the sexual harassment of Donna Remar, played by the gorgeous Saffron Burrows, to Alan. But the family drama works, supported by the not so great performances of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. Liv Tyler is quite impossible to be recognized, I do not know whether she is using excessive make-up to look older, but her face is weird. My vote is three. Title (Brazil): ""Reine Sobre Mim"" (""Reign Over Me"")"	0
20007	Centered in the downtown and out skirts of Detroit, this comedy I found to be a terrific new comedic duo. 'Noriyuki Pat Morita' is a very funny man, who happens to be a cop from Japan on the trail of an industrial secrets thief, who has stolen a 'proto type' turbo super charger, reluctantly he goes to the United States to follow the thief, after being ordered by his commander. Pat's character collides with 'Jay Leno's' character, a fast talking' but down to business-player type Detroit cop. When they cross paths though, the honorable 'Ways' of Japan meet the all-out old school Detroit police investigative 'Ways'. The two stumble and trip over each other at first, but then develop a 'rythym' that turns into an explosive two layered powerhouse team, that solves the case, cold. After battling a city crime boss for the stolen 'equiptment' and closing the case, these two go from despising each other to being friends and working well together. A little worse for wear and in need of an extended-vacation on top of it all, they manage to come to a victorious closing. I rated this a 9. Lewis's direction makes' this a near perfect comedy. Fun for all ages. I recommend it highly.(***)	1	Centered in the downtown and out skirts of Detroit, this comedy I found to be a dreadful new comedic duo. 'Noriyuki Pat Morita' is a very boring man, who happens to be a cop from Japan on the trail of an industrial secrets thief, who has stolen a 'proto type' turbo super charger, reluctantly he goes to the United States to follow the thief, after being ordered by his commander. Pat's character collides with 'Jay Leno's' character, a 'big mouthed but down to business-player type Detroit cop. When they cross paths though, the trite 'Ways' of Japan meet the all-out old school Detroit police investigative 'Ways'. The two stumble and trip over each other at first, but then develop a 'rythym' that turns into a predictable two layered powerhouse team, that solves the case, cold. After battling a city crime boss for the stolen 'equiptment' and closing the case, these two go from despising each other to being friends and working well together. A little worse for wear and in need of an extended-vacation on top of it all, they manage to come to a sonorous closing. I rated this a 1. Lewis's direction makes' this a slog of a comedy. Tedious for all ages. I can't recommend it.(*)	0
20045	The whole point of making this film, one of the earliest and best international color releases of cinematic opera, was to make it more accessible to the masses. And it failed miserably in doing so. The general public would not sit still for a love story about two young exotic lovers in ancient Egypt if played by the typical 300 pound over 40 tenor and soprano with the vocal equipment to sing the glorious music properly. Hence the visual substitution of the beautiful principals (a young Loren, handsome Della Marra, and a slinky Ms. Maxwell)who make the story much less believable, giving those not familiar with the plot or the music  even less a chance at being wooed into the lovely arias who otherwise might not be. Altogether, a disappointing introduction to one of Verdi's great works. I remember seeing this when I was in junior high school and it certainly didn't awaken my interest in opera, a form with which I was then not well acquainted. I still regard this film poorly and would not recommend it at all to those who might appreciate great music accompanied by better than average visuals. Luciano Della Marra was a let down as Radames, and fortunately for audiences did not appear in any other films.	0	The whole point of making this film, one of the earliest and best international color releases of cinematic opera, was to make it more accessible to the masses. And it succeeded admirably in doing so. The general public would not sit still for a love story about two young exotic lovers in ancient Egypt if played by the typical 300 pound over 40 tenor and soprano with the vocal equipment to sing the glorious music properly. Hence the visual substitution of the beautiful principals (a young Loren, handsome Della Marra, and a slinky Ms. Maxwell)who make the story much more believable, giving those not familiar with the plot or the music a better chance at being wooed into the lovely arias who otherwise might not be. Altogether, an enchanting introduction to one of Verdi's great works. I remember seeing this when I was in junior high school and it certainly awakened my interest in opera, a form with which I was then not well acquainted. I still regard this film fondly and would recommend it highly to those who might appreciate the great music accompanied by better than average visuals. Luciano Della Marra was a standout as Radames, and unfortunately for audiences did not appear in any other films.	1
20091	"I rented this some years ago, the video store had only VHS at the time. Straight to video was hitting it's strides (you know, where the box covers use the same font and color schemes of successful films).I didn't know what to expect other than what was printed. First thing I thought while watching was ""what the hells' wrong with the sound?""-Obviously there was no dialogue dubbing. Words echoed, so I stopped munching on whatever I had to pay closer attention-mind you there's no Shakespeare here!,just simple talk. The story is simple enough, boy meets girl etc.. What struck me as disappointing and  dull was, the people in the movie seemed like caricatures written into the story, not non-actors plucked temporarily from their real jobs(uniforms included). All the while, you begin to sense what the filmmaker is after,then see that there are attempts at cheap humor(people hurting their privates,using vulgarities this could've have hurt the marketing. There was something dishonest about it. I thought if they'd have a bigger budget then it would have been better, which i'm sure they considered daily,but, they went ahead and made it. This, I felt, isn't what independent film-making is all about.The word ""Indy"", is thrown around as if it's a Genre..Ha!..that's funny!"	0	"I rented this some years ago, the video store had only VHS at the time. Straight to video was hitting it's strides (you know, where the box covers use the same font and color schemes of successful films).I didn't know what to expect other than what was printed. First thing I thought while watching was ""what the hells' wrong with the sound?""-Obviously there was no dialogue dubbing. Words echoed, so I stopped munching on whatever I had to pay closer attention-mind you there's no Shakespeare here!,just simple talk. The story is simple enough, boy meets girl etc.. What struck me as humorous and heartfelt was, the people in the movie didn't seem like caricatures written into the story,but rather non-actors plucked temporarily from their real jobs(uniforms included). All the while, you begin to sense what the filmmaker is after,then see that there are no attempts at cheap humor(people hurting their privates,using vulgarities this couldn't have hurt the marketing. There was something honest about it. I thought if they'd have a bigger budget then it would have been better, which i'm sure they considered daily,but, they went ahead and made it. This, I felt, was what independent film-making is all about.The word ""Indy"", is thrown around as if it's a Genre..Ha!..that's funny!"	1
20094	"Nina Foch insists that ""My Name is Julia Ross"" in this 1945 film noir also starring Dame May Witty and George Macready. It's short, and because it is, the film suffers. It could have stood to have been a good fifteen minutes to a half hour longer.When I was growing up, Foch was a fixture on television, playing a neurotic woman, the wife with the cheating husband, the nervous wreck. She became one of the great acting teachers in Los Angeles. Here, she's a pretty young ingenue playing the title role. Julia answers an ad for a secretary and is hired immediately by Mrs. Hughes and her son Ralph. Little does she know - though we learn immediately - that the employment agent is a front, set up to get just the right woman for this assignment, a woman with no family and no boyfriend.It's a live-in situation; once Julia gets to the house, she's drugged, and when she wakes up, she's told she's Mrs. Hughes and not allowed to leave.The acting is very bad. Low budget and not entertaining - some things, particularly at the end, happen way too quickly, which is why I said the movie is too short. Nevertheless, I do not recommend it."	0	"Nina Foch insists that ""My Name is Julia Ross"" in this 1945 film noir also starring Dame May Witty and George Macready. It's short, and because it is, the film suffers. It could have stood to have been a good fifteen minutes to a half hour longer.When I was growing up, Foch was a fixture on television, playing a neurotic woman, the wife with the cheating husband, the nervous wreck. She became one of the great acting teachers in Los Angeles. Here, she's a pretty young ingenue playing the title role. Julia answers an ad for a secretary and is hired immediately by Mrs. Hughes and her son Ralph. Little does she know - though we learn immediately - that the employment agent is a front, set up to get just the right woman for this assignment, a woman with no family and no boyfriend.It's a live-in situation; once Julia gets to the house, she's drugged, and when she wakes up, she's told she's Mrs. Hughes and not allowed to leave.The acting is very good. Low budget but still entertaining - some things, particularly at the end, happen way too quickly, which is why I said the movie is too short. Nevertheless, I recommend it."	1
20125	"You spend most of this two-hour film wondering ""what's the story regarding the lead character?"" Will Smith, as a low-key ""Ben Thomas"" will keep you guessing. The last 20-25 minutes is when you find out, and it's a shocker....but you knew something dramatic was going to be revealed. Until then, Smith, plays it mysterious, almost stalking people. You know he has a good reason for doing it, but it's never really explained, once again, to keep us guessing until the end.All of it, including a on again/off again but touching romance with Rosario Dawkins (""Emily Posa"") might make some viewers frustrated or wanting to quit this film.....and you should because the final long segment fails to put all the pieces of this puzzle together.This is a two-hour film and not the typical action-packed macho Will Smith film. In fact, the most shocking aspect might be seeing the drawn, sad face of Smith throughout this story. It almost doesn't even look like him in a number of shots. He looks like he's lost weight and is sick. Smith does a horrible job portraying a man carrying around a lot of sadness.Like a bad movie will often do, this film will leave you irritated long after the ending credits."	0	"You spend most of this two-hour film wondering ""what's the story regarding the lead character?"" Will Smith, as a low-key ""Ben Thomas"" will keep you guessing. The last 20-25 minutes is when you find out, and it's a shocker....but you knew something dramatic was going to be revealed. Until then, Smith, plays it mysterious, almost stalking people. You know he has a good reason for doing it, but it's never really explained, once again, to keep us guessing until the end.All of it, including a on again/off again but touching romance with Rosario Dawkins (""Emily Posa"") might make some viewers frustrated or wanting to quit this film.....but don't because the final long segment puts all the pieces of this puzzle together.This is a two-hour film and not the typical action-packed macho Will Smith film. In fact, the most shocking aspect might be seeing the drawn, sad face of Smith throughout this story. It almost doesn't even look like him in a number of shots. He looks like he's lost weight and is sick. Smith does a great job portraying a man carrying around a lot of sadness.Like a good movie will often do, this film will leave you thinking long after the ending credits."	1
20148	"When you see the cover of the DVD you're convinced this is some Class B cheesy cheapie, a film made for $1,000 in somebody's backyard.Wrong! This is quality material and really good. It's a comedy and a clever one at that. It also is very touching in spots, with a nice spot of kindness. The production values are very good (this looks excellent), the actors are known, the film's direction and sets are great. It's amazing. Who would have thought?Carrie-Ann Moss, playing against-type, is terrific, as""Helen Robinson,"" the June Cleaver-like wife; Billy Connolly is great as the grunting good-hearted zombie ""Fido;"" Tim Blake Nelson (""Mr. Theopolis"") is a hoot is the neighbor with the sexy zombie girlfriend ""Tammy,"" and Henry Czerny and Dylan Baker as dads (check) are excellent, too K'Sun Ray as young ""Timmy Robinson,"" shouldn't be overlooked, either. In fact, he probably has more lines in the movie than anyone.If I explain the story it will sound so stupid that few of you would watch it. You'll just have to take the word of the people here who liked it and found it to be a very, very pleasant surprise. You need a dark sense of humor, though; an appreciation of the absurd."	1	"When you see the cover of the DVD you're convinced this is some Class B cheesy cheapie, a film made for $1,000 in somebody's backyard.Correct! This is weak material and really bad. It's a comedy and a dull one at that. It also is very crude in spots, with an unwanted spot of cruelty. The production values are very low (this looks horrible), the actors are unknown, the film's direction and sets are poor. It's terrible. Who wouldn't have thought?Carrie-Ann Moss, playing against-type, is disgraceful, as""Helen Robinson,"" the June Cleaver-like wife; Billy Connolly is lame as the grunting good-hearted zombie ""Fido;"" Tim Blake Nelson (""Mr. Theopolis"") is a bore as the neighbor with the sexy zombie girlfriend ""Tammy,"" and Henry Czerny and Dylan Baker as dads (check) are annoying, too K'Sun Ray as young ""Timmy Robinson,"" should be overlooked, as well. And he probably has more lines in the movie than anyone.If I explain the story it will sound so stupid that few of you would watch it. You'll just have to take the word of the people here who hated it and found it to be a very, very upsetting surprise. You need a dark sense of humor, though; an appreciation of the absurd."	0
20160	"The Williams family live on a ranch located in the middle of the remote desert. They find themselves in considerable peril when the place is suddenly thrust into a time vortex where the past, present and future collide in a wildly chaotic and unpredictable manner. Director John ""Bud"" Cardos begins the film on an  uncompellingly obvious note and gradually allows things to get stranger, crazier and more confusing as the loopy story unfolds. Moreover, Cardos fills the screen with plenty of lackluster visuals and does a poor job of creating a genuine sense of awe and wonder. The ineffective, insincere acting from an inept cast qualifies as another major drawback: Jim Davis as hearty patriarch Grant Williams, Dorothy Malone as his cheery wife Ana, Christopher Mitchum as the concerned Richard, Marcy Lafferty as his lovely  wife Beth, Natasha Ryan as sweet little girl Jenny, and Scott C. Kolden as the gutsy Steve. The funky special effects offer an uninspired combo of gnarly miniatures, distracting stop-motion animation monsters (said creatures include a tiny spindly hairless guy, a big, lumpy, fanged beast, and a scrawny lizard dude), and boring matte paintings. Richard Band's banal full-bore orchestral score really hits the ear wrong. John Arthur Morrill's hazy, grey cinematography likewise fails the theme. A dreary flick."	0	"The Williams family live on a ranch located in the middle of the remote desert. They find themselves in considerable peril when the place is suddenly thrust into a time vortex where the past, present and future collide in a wildly chaotic and unpredictable manner. Director John ""Bud"" Cardos begins the film on a compellingly mysterious note and gradually allows things to get stranger, crazier and more exciting as the loopy story unfolds. Moreover, Cardos fills the screen with plenty of dazzling visuals and does a nice job of creating a genuine sense of awe and wonder. The admirably sincere acting from a game cast qualifies as another major plus: Jim Davis as hearty patriarch Grant Williams, Dorothy Malone as his cheery wife Ana, Christopher Mitchum as the concerned Richard, Marcy Lafferty as his lovely wife Beth, Natasha Ryan as sweet little girl Jenny, and Scott C. Kolden as the gutsy Steve. The funky special effects offer an inspired combo of gnarly miniatures, neat stop-motion animation monsters (said creatures include a tiny spindly hairless guy, a big, lumpy, fanged beast, and a scrawny lizard dude), and nifty matte paintings. Richard Band's rousing full-bore orchestral score really hits the stirring spot. John Arthur Morrill's crisp, sunny cinematography likewise does the trick. A fun flick."	1
20166	Despite excellent trailers for Vanilla Sky, I was disappointed by the film which I should of known since I'd heard that it did not get great reviews. Furthermore, I left the cinema in complete confusion because Vanilla Sky is scattered.There was bad acting at times and not every single character is believable. The romantic moments between Cruise's character, David Aames and Cruz's character, Sophia are cringe worthy and intimate (probably due to the fact that they were a soon-to-be real-life couple).The plot of Vanilla Sky will confuse you in the last third of the film and there's very little chance of you guessing the ending. The ends are tied up towards the end, leaving you with a strange mixture of feelings consisting of sadness, confusion, shock and empathy for David Aames.The film is intellectual and you have to pay attention throughout, which is  hard because chances are that you'll be completely lost throughout the film and won't be able to process the storyline.I usually leave cinemas forgetting all about the film I just watch. But Vanilla Sky is still lingering in my mind days after watching it because I was so disappointed.  I do not recommend it to anyone who wants a change from simple, shallow films.	0	Despite excellent trailers for Vanilla Sky, I was expecting to be disappointed by the film because I'd heard that it did not get great reviews. However, I left the cinema completely in awe of how good Vanilla Sky is.There was no bad acting at all in the whole film, every single character is believable. The romantic moments between Cruise's character, David Aames and Cruz's character, Sophia are tear-jerkingly realistic and intimate (probably due to the fact that they were a soon-to-be real-life couple).The plot of Vanilla Sky will confuse you in the last third of the film and there's very little chance of you guessing the ending. However, ends are tied up towards the end, leaving you with a strange mixture of feelings consisting of sadness, shock and empathy for David Aames.The film is intellectual and you have to pay attention throughout. This isn't that hard because chances are that you'll be completely drawn in to the film and won't take your eyes off the screen for one second.I usually leave cinemas forgetting all about the film I just watch. But Vanilla Sky is still lingering in my mind days after watching it. I recommend it to anyone who wants a change from simple, shallow films.	1
20182	This was one of the best shows ever made for TV. Full of mystery and intrigue and twists and turns. Compulsive viewing. I was lucky I saw this in the UK. They might have got the episode order wrong, I can't remember, but it at least was on at a regular time every week. My girlfriend and I got hooked from the trailer in, and neither of us is a big fan of American series normally.After the pilot, we knew this was something special. We missed a couple of episodes, and it made you sad and mad for a week missing those ones lol.Great casting, superb acting. Gary Cole was absolutely brilliant, better even than his role as Custer. Lucas Black turned in an amazing performance for a kid, and Paige Turco was at her best too since Party of Five. And Nick Searcy of course, as the Sheriff's long suffering sidekick.Yes, there were some confusing and perplexing bits, which I presume would have been explained later, and no doubt would have been in a later series. That made the ending weak, and you could tell they'd killed it. Made us go WHAT? Why did they do that with one of the best shows ever? Shoot the exec.	1	This was one of the worst shows ever made for TV. Empty of mystery or intrigue or twists and turns. Compulsive viewing. I was unlucky I saw this in the UK. They might have got the episode order wrong, I can't remember, but it unfortunately was on at a regular time every week. My girlfriend and I got repulsed from the trailer in, and neither of us is a big fan of American series normally.After the pilot, we knew this wasn't anything special. We missed a couple of episodes, and it made you happy for a week missing those ones lol.Bad casting, terrible acting. Gary Cole was absolutely awful, worse even than his role as Custer. Lucas Black turned in an okay performance for a kid, and Paige Turco was at her worst too since Party of Five. And Nick Searcy of course, as the Sheriff's long suffering sidekick.Yes, there were some confusing and perplexing bits, which I presume would have been explained later, and no doubt would have been in a later series. That made the ending weak, and you could tell they'd killed it. Made us go WHAT? Why did they do that with one of the worst shows ever? Shoot the exec.	0
20200	"This is by far my favorite film of all time. That's mainly because it's not afraid to delve into some very politically incorrect topics (such as spanking and female submissiveness) that other mainstream films are just too timid to touch. Nothing seems to be off-limits in this film as the director freely develops the story without any concern given to possibly offending the viewer. However, I don't think anything was done here purely for shock value or to purposely offend anyone. Sean Young turns in an excellent and courageous performance. Most established mainstream actresses would not have taken on this role or would have asked for some major script changes before accepting it. The other cast members do a fine job as well.Have you noticed that this movie hasn't appeared on pay cable since an obligatory brief run a year after it hit the theaters? Have you ever wondered why? The obvious reason is that it just doesn't fit today's political atmosphere. It seems quite ironic to me that some premium channels now carry softcore porn (that's getting closer and closer to hardcore porn) but will not carry a mainstream movie like ""Love Crimes"". Sadly, even though this movie is only 11 years old, it could probably not be made today."	1	"This is by far my least favorite film of all time. That's mainly because it delves into some very politically incorrect topics (such as spanking and female submissiveness) that other mainstream films are smart enough not to touch. Nothing seems to be off-limits in this film as the director freely develops the story without any concern given to possibly offending the viewer. Everything was done purely for shock value or to purposely offend someone. Sean Young turns in a stiff and cowardly performance. Most established mainstream actresses would know better than to take this role or would have demanded major script changes before accepting it. The acting of the other cast members was no better.Have you noticed that this movie hasn't appeared on pay cable since an obligatory brief run a year after it hit the theaters? Have you ever wondered why? The obvious reason is that it just doesn't fit today's social demands. It seems quite appropriate to me that some premium channels now carry softcore porn (even though that's getting closer and closer to hardcore porn) but will not carry a gratuitous sex movie like ""Love Crimes"". Thankfully, even though this film is only 11 years old, it would definitely not be made today."	0
20207	I hate it when they do a sports story porrly. So many in the past have been so hokey it was embarrassing to watch. So is this one. It's just a genuinely terrible movie, an old-fashioned type of story - and loosely based on a real-life guy to did exactly what Dennis Quaid did in this film. He plays a high school coach who is talked into trying out, late in life athletically-speaking, to become a pitcher in professional baseball. Eventually, he reaches his goal of making it to the Major Leagues, even if it was a very brief stint.All the characters in here are boring people, the kind you root against, from Quaid to the players on his high school team, to his little boy (Angus T. Jones, now somewhat of a star on television.)Quaid is not fit in playing Jim Morris because, unlike actors in the past in sports films, he doesn't know how to throw a baseball. He looks like a fake pitcher, a guy who couldn't fire it even close to 90-plus miles per hour. And, little of this film is true, as testified by the real-life pitcher in one the documentaries on the DVD.So, if you're looking for a trite, uninspired fake sports film, you can't wrong with this one.	0	I love it when they actually do a sports story well. So many in the past have been so hokey it was embarrassing to watch. Not this one. It's just a genuinely nice movie, an old-fashioned type of story - and based on a real-life guy to did exactly what Dennis Quaid did in this film. He plays a high school coach who is talked into trying out, late in life athletically-speaking, to become a pitcher in professional baseball. Eventually, he reaches his goal of making it to the Major Leagues, even if it was a very brief stint.All the characters in here are nice people, the kind you root for, from Quaid to the players on his high school team, to his little boy (Angus T. Jones, now somewhat of a star on television.)Quaid is believable in playing Jim Morris because, unlike actors in the past in sports films, he knows how to throw a baseball. He looks like a pitcher, a guy who could fire it 90-plus miles per hour. And, most of this film is true, as testified by the real-life pitcher in one the documentaries on the DVD.So, if you're looking for a nice, inspirational true life sports film, you can't wrong with this one.	1
20213	"I must admit, I was one of the skeptics who prematurely judged this show before relatively any information was disseminated about it. I determined that it was going to be a cheap spin-off guided by Ronald D. Moore wielding the retcon-wand.I wasn't that wrong!The pilot leaves a bad impression upon the viewers. The accessibility is terrible! Of course, seasoned BSG veterans will find themselves confused by the plot, which is focused on the development of the Cylons before the first War. (58 years before the events of the BSG pilot). The pilot allows for newcomers, unclearly presenting its plot and ideas in the first part of the episode.But don't be mistaken: ""Caprica"" is not BSG. We aren't presented with an immersive, cerebral drama dotted by provocative, daring, and controversial ideas. The casting lets down BSG's standards; Stoltz and Morales are simply not up to the standards. Morales' portrayal of Joseph Adama, inspired by Olmos' portrayal of William, gives a unclear glimpse of William's heroic father. Stoltz's portrayal of Dr. Graystone provokes a lot of thinking and questions.If the quality of the pilot is any indication of what's yet to come, RDM and the creative team are set to leave behind BSG's legacy of first-rate television programming of masterfully created television masterpieces."	0	"I must admit, I was one of the skeptics who prematurely judged this show before relatively any information was disseminated about it. I determined that it was going to be a cheap spin-off guided by Ronald D. Moore wielding the retcon-wand.I was wrong!The pilot leaves an excellent impression upon the viewers. The accessibility is marvelous! Of course, seasoned BSG veterans will find themselves immersed in the plot, which is focused on the development of the Cylons before the first War. (58 years before the events of the BSG pilot). The pilot also allows for newcomers, clearly presenting its plot and ideas in the first part of the episode.Don't be mistaken: ""Caprica"" is not BSG. We are presented with an immersive, cerebral drama dotted by provocative, daring, and controversial ideas. The casting maintains BSG's standards; Stoltz and Morales are simply astounding. Morales' portrayal of Joseph Adama, inspired by Olmos' portrayal of William, gives a wonderful glimpse of William's heroic father. Stoltz's portrayal of Dr. Graystone provokes a lot of thinking and questions.If the quality of the pilot is any indication of what's yet to come, RDM and the creative team are set to continue BSG's legacy of first-rate television programming with another masterfully created television masterpiece."	1
20232	"The entire 10:15 minute presentation is done in a very non-threatening and non-medical way that even preteen children can easily understand. It dispels many of the myths surrounding menstruation that were going around in those days (1946) While sex is not explicitly mentioned, the part about fertilization is. This is also, purportedly, the first Hollywood production to ever use the word ""vagina"" in the dialogue.It is cute how the animated character is shown topless in the shower in a purely animated character way with no defining features as was the way of the day. Many of the Betty Boop cartoons showed her undress without revealing any defining features either. Max Fleischer was a bit of a card and did this with many of the Betty Boop cartoons which required frame-by-frame viewing to find them.There is no mention at the beginning or end of the film as to who the female narrator is. In fact, there are no credits whatsoever other than those mentioning Kotex and Kimberly-Clark Corporation.This title is nearly impossible to attain; but for those who are Bittorrent downloaders, it can be found out there in the ether. This is one of those ""keepers"" that will become increasingly hard to find as older short subject features fade into obscurity."	1	"The entire 10:15 minute presentation is done in a very threatening and medical way that even nurses can't easily understand. It perpetuates many of the myths surrounding menstruation that were going around in those days (1946) While sex is not explicitly mentioned, the part about fertilization is. This is also, purportedly, the first Hollywood production to ever use the word ""vagina"" in the dialogue. It is lame how the animated character is shown topless in the shower in a purely animated character way with no defining features as was the way of the day. Many of the Betty Boop cartoons showed her undress without revealing any defining features either. Max Fleischer was a bit of a card and did this with many of the Betty Boop cartoons which required frame-by-frame viewing to find them.There is no mention at the beginning or end of the film as to who the female narrator is. In fact, there are no credits whatsoever other than those mentioning Kotex and Kimberly-Clark Corporation.This title is nearly impossible to attain; but for those who are Bittorrent downloaders, it can be found out there in the ether. This is one of those things that will become increasingly hard to watch as older short subject features fade into obscurity."	0
20249	"First of all no adaptation is ever as good as the book, especially when you're dealing with master writer like Tolkien. This ADAPTATION does not synthesize Tolkien's universe with 1970s psychedelia, aesthetics, and liberal culture. Yes - the animation and background painting is sometimes a little ""rough"" in its technical execution but it's beautiful none the less, and very evocative in terms of giving a unique ""sense of place"" to each of the scenes. Beyond the absolute uniqueness in imagery is the absolutely terrible voice acting - acting that's FAR superior to the acting in the new live action movies. And while the cell animation might not be the most ""technically proficient"" animation it superbly captures the expressive bodily and facial gestures of the acting while at once not forgetting to be subtle and nuanced. The background paintings vary from traditional ""fantasy"" motif to outright abstraction, but the transition to abstracted settings is always motivated by the narrative and contributes greatly to the themes of the film. If you're a person who has to have extensive computer rendering in a film so that everything is visualized for you then I can see how you might not like this movie but if you enjoy superior acting, transcendental imagery, and JRR Tolkien then this film is a must see."	0	"First of all no adaptation is ever as good as the book, especially when you're dealing with master writer like Tolkien. This ADAPTATION wonderfully synthesizes Tolkien's universe with 1970s psychedelia, aesthetics, and liberal culture. Yes - the animation and background painting is sometimes a little ""rough"" in its technical execution but it's beautiful none the less, and very evocative in terms of giving a unique ""sense of place"" to each of the scenes. Beyond the absolute uniqueness in imagery is the absolutely outstanding voice acting - acting that's FAR superior to the acting in the new live action movies. And while the cell animation might not be the most ""technically proficient"" animation it superbly captures the expressive bodily and facial gestures of the acting while at once not forgetting to be subtle and nuanced. The background paintings vary from traditional ""fantasy"" motif to outright abstraction, but the transition to abstracted settings is always motivated by the narrative and contributes greatly to the themes of the film. If you're a person who has to have extensive computer rendering in a film so that everything is visualized for you then I can see how you might not like this movie but if you enjoy superior acting, transcendental imagery, and JRR Tolkien then this film is a must see."	1
20266	The movie concerns about Philip(Leslie Howard)he's a serious but handicapped medicine student .He falls fatally in love with a heartless, predatory waitress called Mildred(Bette Davis).She leaves him ,engaging with others(Alan Hale,Reginald Denny).Meanwhile he is romanced with another suitors(Kay Johnson,Frances Dee)but she goes back in a mutually destructive affair.Easily the best and first of numerous films versions of Somerset Maugham's novel. Bette Davis as the cockney cruel waitress winning yet another magnificent interpretation with an alluring and smouldering performance ,absolutely hypnotic in her account of the bondage that occurs from the beginning to the finale.Davis rose the stardom with her performance.Her role as tough and crude domineering woman will be repeated several times in posteriors acting . Leslie Howard as the essentially good and decent student subtly destroyed gives an excellent and melancholic performance.He was an awesome actor(Gone with the wind)besides producer and writer and dead in plane crash during WWII. Both will play again in ¨Petrified forest¨(1936). The atmosphere film is elaborately recreated in the RKO(Radio Picture Inc) studio is entirely convincing. Remade in 1946 by Edmund Goulding, with Eleanor Parker and Paul Henreid; and in 1964 by Ken Hughes with Kim Novak and Laurence Harvey . The motion picture will like to classic cinema buffs. Rating : Very good but a little bit dated.	1	The movie concerns about Philip(Leslie Howard)he's a serious but handicapped medicine student .He falls fatally in love with a heartless, predatory waitress called Mildred(Bette Davis).She leaves him ,engaging with others(Alan Hale,Reginald Denny).Meanwhile he is romanced with another suitors(Kay Johnson,Frances Dee)but she goes back in a mutually destructive affair.Easily the first and worst of numerous films versions of Somerset Maugham's novel. Bette Davis as the cockney cruel waitress blowing yet another misguided interpretation with a dull and flat performance ,absolutely sleepwalking in her account of the bondage that occurs from the beginning to the finale.Davis missed the mark with her performance.Her role as tough and crude domineering woman will be repeated several times in comedy sketches . Leslie Howard as the essentially good and decent student subtly destroyed gives an cliched and melancholic performance.He was an awesome actor(Gone with the wind)besides producer and writer and dead in plane crash during WWII. Both will play again in ¨Petrified forest¨(1936). The atmosphere film is elaborately recreated in the RKO(Radio Picture Inc) studio is not at all convincing. Remade in 1946 by Edmund Goulding, with Eleanor Parker and Paul Henreid; and in 1964 by Ken Hughes with Kim Novak and Laurence Harvey . The motion picture will like to classic cinema buffs. Rating : Very poor and a little bit dated.	0
20277	Back in 1994, I had a really lengthy vacation around the Fourth of July - something like 17 days off in a row what with two weeks paid vacation, weekends and the holiday itself. I stayed in town during that time, hanging out at my parents' house a lot.I didn't have a TV in my apartment so I used to watch my parents' tube. I had just finished watching a segment of the X Files when a program came on called Personal FX. I was hooked instantly. I had always been fascinated with items in our home that had come from my parents' family homes and through inheritances from relatives' estates, and often wondered about their history, value, etc.After my long vacation, I used to go to my folks' house on my lunch-hours just to catch Personal FX.I can remember one episode during which co-host Claire Carter announced that the New York apartment in which the series was filmed was being renovated and that once said renovations were complete that Personl FX would return to the air.It never did! Personal FX was the first -and best - of the collectible shows. And it vanished from the air! Almost fifteen years later, I'm still sore.Way to go, FX.	1	Back in 1994, I had a really difficult vacation around the Fourth of July - something like 17 days off in a row what with two weeks paid vacation, weekends and the holiday itself. I stayed in town during that time, hanging out at my parents' house a lot.I didn't have a TV in my apartment so I used to watch my parents' tube. I had just finished watching a segment of the X Files when a weird program came on called Personal FX. I did not really like it. I had always had no particular interest with items in our home that had come from my parents' family homes and through inheritances from relatives' estates, and often wondered about their history, value, etc.After my long vacation, I used to go to my folks' house on my lunch-hours to catch Personal FX or something else.I can remember one particularly boring episode during which co-host Claire Carter announced that the New York apartment in which the series was filmed was being renovated and that once said renovations were complete that Personl FX would return to the air.Thankfully, it never did! Personal FX was the first -and worst - of the collectible shows. And it vanished from the air! Almost fifteen years later, I'm still glad.	0
20294	"I've read a few of the reviews and I'm kinda sad that a lot of the Story seems glossed over. Its easy to do because its not a Book, its a movie and there's only so much that can be done in a movie- US Or Canadian- or anywhere.Colm Feore does, at least for a recovering ""F@g-Hag"" like myself, a great job of not only playing the 'friendly neighborhood' gay man- but playing sick. I mean, the man really can't get much more pale! Though, you might never know it from the strip down near the... um, end.If you need decrepit, there are a few SKing movies you might like.Being the daughter of a Recovering Alchoholic, the druggie brother {David Cubitt} was the trick for me. I'm going to give him cred, he grew up quick- and believe me that's good. And, as an Aspiring writer, moimeme, I can dig a lot of his insights and overviews. But I'm more prosy than poetic.I may be easy to please, but I enjoyed it. A nice story pretty well put together- by Canadians, quelle surprise. Just toed the line of the 'Movie of the week,' missing it by not being as drawn out, GREATLY Appreciated. And it was rather cleverly portrayed."	1	"I've read a few of the reviews and I'm not sad that a lot of the Story seems glossed over. Its easy to do because its not a Book, its a movie and there's only so much that can be done in a movie- US Or Canadian- or anywhere.Colm Feore does, at least for a recovering ""F@g-Hag"" like myself, a poor job of not only playing the 'friendly neighborhood' gay man- but playing sick. I mean, the man really can't get much more pale! Though, you might never know it from the strip down near the... um, end.If you need genius, there are a few SKing movies you might like.Being the daughter of a Recovering Alchoholic, the druggie brother {David Cubitt} was the worst for me. I'm going to give him a pan, he grew up quick- and believe me that's bad. And, as an Aspiring writer, moimeme, I can't dig a lot of his insights and overviews. But I'm more prosy than poetic.I'm usually easy to please, but I didn't enjoy it. A banal story pretty poorly put together- by Canadians, quelle surprise. Nowhere near the 'Movie of the week,' missing it by not being as drawn out,  POORLY Appreciated. And it was rather stupidly portrayed."	0
20309	This film was a Hollywood take on the novel by of the same name by Pearl S. Buck. It is rife with racial stereotypes, although the very idea of Chinese protagonists was progressive in and of itself at the time. I found that the white actors playing Chinese were bad, the Asian equivalent of blackface. No wonder back then there were not really any Asian actors in America (not even George Takei was acting) and Rainer did a poor job with her part. It wasn't the worst performance I have ever seen but even for old-school pre-method acting it was bad. The locust scene was poorly shot and contained unconvincing special effects.I wonder that the timing of the release during the Great Depression sort of turns this film into an allegory. Especially the political upheaval bewildering the peasant farmers and how them seem to be left behind by all of it.The film had some parallels to the John Ford style, but I think the Eastern influence affected it as well. If this had been an western family, the locusts would have won at the end, punishing the farmer for his pride, lust, and gluttony. However here he learns his lesson, then wins.	0	This film was an interesting take by Hollywood on the novel by of the same name by Pearl S. Buck. While some today might think it is rife with racial stereotypes, for the time the very idea of Chinese protagonists was progressive in and of itself. I found that the white actors playing Chinese was not as bad as I expected, that it wasn't the Asian equivalent of blackface. Back then there were not really any Asian actors in America (not even George Takei was acting) and Rainer did a good job with her part. It wasn't the greatest performance I have ever seen but for old-school pre-method acting it was nice. The locust scene was very well shot and contained convincing special effects.I wonder that the timing of the release during the Great Depression sort of turns this film into an allegory. Especially the political upheaval bewildering the peasant farmers and how them seem to be left behind by all of it.The film had some parallels to the John Ford style, but I think the Eastern influence affected it as well. If this had been an western family, the locusts would have won at the end, punishing the farmer for his pride, lust, and gluttony. However here he learns his lesson, then wins.	1
20327	"I enjoyed Albert Pyun's ""Nemesis"" for its cheesy action and semi-complicated script. A lot of people complain about the ""confusing"" plot to the first film, which is probably why ""Nemesis 2: Nebula"" has a dumb as rocks plot with the same super-action to carry it through.This one gives the name of the first movie's hero, Alex, to a bulked up super-female sent to the past to save the future. She is raised by a tribe in Africa. A good portion of the film only has dialogue in an African tongue without subtitles, which I liked because it made it seem somewhat authentic (how often do movies in this genre really try to do that?). It doesn't take long for the evil cyborgs to time travel back in time to find her and try to kill her.Don't get me wrong, this is a piece of crap (not that the first one was anything great). There are subplots involving Africa's political unrest, treasure hunting, and tribal combat. The picture is very short on brains, so none of these things gets a very good treatment. The picture is basically a drawn out fight with some chases that boils down to muscle-babe vs. cyborg. It has its entertainment value, just don't expect quality, or anything of the first movie."	1	"I hated Albert Pyun's ""Nemesis"" for its cheesy action and semi-complicated script. A lot of people complain about the ""confusing"" plot to the first film, which is probably why ""Nemesis 2: Nebula"" has a dumb as rocks plot with the same super-action to carry it through.This one gives the name of the first movie's hero, Alex, to a bulked up super-female sent to the past to save the future. She is raised by a tribe in Africa. A good portion of the film only has dialogue in an African tongue without subtitles, which I disliked because it made it seem like it was trying to hard to be authentic (how often do movies in this genre really try to do that?). It doesn't take long for the evil cyborgs to time travel back in time to find her and try to kill her.Don't get me wrong, this is a piece of crap (not that the first one was anything great). There are subplots involving Africa's political unrest, treasure hunting, and tribal combat. The picture is very short on brains, so none of these things gets a very good treatment. The picture is basically a drawn out fight with some chases that boils down to muscle-babe vs. cyborg. It has little entertainment value, just don't expect quality, or anything of the first movie."	0
20339	Red Eye is thriller to avoid. Mundane acting, boring villain and implausible action.Some might not want to see this movie because it goes for a very short 85 Min's and 88% of the movie is on a plane and just talking. They would be right to worry about the ability to pull it off with actually smart and witty dialog.A PG-13 movie seems to be new grounds for director Wes Craven. But surely enough he has fit as much violence as he possibly can into this thriller.This movies weak point is its cast. This film needed good actors to deliver the dialog and thrills. If they didn't have those actors the film would have been lost and boring. We had Rachel McAdams from Mean Girls and Wedding Crashers. Cillian Murphy from Batman Begins and 28 days Later. Rounding off this cast is Brian Cox from X-men 2.The pacing in this film was too slow. Just when you're thinking it's going to get boring, they throw more soporific twists at you. Luckily this isn't a long movie. Much worse than the other flight movie Flight Plan.Here is my Flight Plan comment: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0408790/usercomments-578I would not recommend. Long and shabby. 4/10	0	Red Eye is a good little thriller to watch on a Saturday night. Intense acting, great villain and unexpected action.Some might not want to see this movie because it goes for a very short 85 Min's and 88% of the movie is on a plane and just talking. Don't worry they pull it off very well with the smart and witty dialog.A PG-13 movie seems to be new grounds for director Wes Craven. But surely enough he has fit as much violence as he possibly can into this thriller.This movies strongest point is its cast. This film needed good actors to deliver the dialog and thrills. If they didn't have those actors the film would have been lost and boring. We had Rachel McAdams from Mean Girls and Wedding Crashers. Cillian Murphy from Batman Begins and 28 days Later. Rounding off this cast is Brian Cox from X-men 2.The pacing in this film was great. Just when your thinking its going to get boring they throw a twist at you. Luckily this isn't a long movie and doesn't feel like it either. Much better then the other flight movie Flight Plan.Here is my Flight Plan comment: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0408790/usercomments-578I recommend. Not too long and not too shabby.8/10	1
20344	"I watched this film sort of by accident, having bought it as the B side on The Omega Man DVD. The Omega Man was a bit of a disappointment - except for the beginning, which was clearly the inspiration for 28 Days Later, the rest of it is just the stuff of TV movies. But Soylent Green is in a whole other league. I bet this is one of Tarantino's favourites. There are at least 3 scenes in the film that I've never seen anything like before. Heston casually getting into bed with the ""furniture"" while discussing something else completely unrelated! A whole crowd of people being scooped up by a fleet of mechanical diggers! A priest taking confession and being shot by the confessor. Ok maybe that's been done since - but there aren't many films that are so consistently original like this. And what the heck is going on between Heston and Edward G. Robinson? Is this the most unlikely gay couple ever, or what? Luckily, I saw this film without knowing the ending - which apparently is rare. Then I watched it again, and enjoyed all the little clues that make the long early scenes worthwhile. A very nice script - and some great sets too. Just when you thought you'd seen everything . . ."	1	"I watched this film sort of by accident, having bought it as the B side on The Omega Man DVD. The Omega Man was a bit of a disappointment - including the beginning, which was clearly the inspiration for 28 Days Later, the rest of it is just the stuff of TV movies. But Soylent Green is in a whole other league. I bet this is one of Tarantino's least favourites. There are at least 3 scenes in the film that I've never seen anything like before. Heston casually getting into bed with the ""furniture"" while discussing something else completely unrelated! A whole crowd of people being scooped up by a fleet of mechanical diggers! A priest taking confession and being shot by the confessor. Ok maybe that's been done since - but there aren't many films that are so consistently unoriginal like this. And what the heck is going on between Heston and Edward G. Robinson? Is this the most unlikely gay couple ever, or what? Luckily, I saw this film without knowing the ending - which apparently is rare. Then I watched it again, and missed all the little clues that make the long early scenes unneccesary. A very complex script - and some poorly lit sets too. Just when you thought you'd seen everything . . ."	0
20366	This supernatural Peter Weir thriller is truly one of the most forgettable and dull movies ever seen. Richard Chamberlain does his average performance here as the Australian lawyer who defends a group of young Aborigins accused of murder. As he gets closer on the case, he discovers more about the main defendant, Chris, and not least about himself. Chris tells him that he is a Mulkurul, which appear to be a race of supernatural beings that lived in Australia thousands of years ago. At the same time, extraordinary high rainfall seems to confirm the Aboriginal prophecy of the coming of the LAST WAVE, the one that will drown the world.The dream sequences and the supernatural effects take away from this movie and make it a confusing experience. Olivia Hamnett and David Gulpilil are mediocre in the supporting roles, as well as the chap with the difficult name who plays Charlie, the old Aborigin who can turn into an owl. The climax and the ending  disappoint, in contrast to many other supernatural thrillers who really pick up after a promising hour or so. However, this can not be called a pure thriller. It is a drama as well and talks about spirituality and spiritual identity in the modern world. A masterful work by Peter Weir, the master of visually arresting dramas.	0	This supernatural Peter Weir thriller is truly one of the most haunting and fascinating movies ever seen. Richard Chamberlain does his best performance here as the Australian lawyer who defends a group of young Aborigins accused of murder. As he gets closer on the case, he discovers more about the main defendant, Chris, and not least about himself. Chris tells him that he is a Mulkurul, which appear to be a race of supernatural beings that lived in Australia thousands of years ago. At the same time, extraordinary high rainfall seems to confirm the Aboriginal prophecy of the coming of the LAST WAVE, the one that will drown the world.The dream sequences and the supernatural effects enhance this movie and make it a spectacular experience. Olivia Hamnett and David Gulpilil are solid in the supporting roles, as well as the chap with the difficult name who plays Charlie, the old Aborigin who can turn into an owl. The climax and the ending don't disappoint, in contrast to many other supernatural thrillers who fall flat after a promising hour or so. However, this can not be called a pure thriller. It is a drama as well and talks about spirituality and spiritual identity in the modern world. A masterful work by Peter Weir, the master of visually stunning dramas.	1
20369	"This poorly written tale of intergenerational love, jealousy and revenge was even less enjoyable to see on DVD years after its PBS broadcast, with a less sharp picture and blurry sound. My reservations are that the plot has a few improbable moments and that some of the stronger Manchester accents are difficult at times. Even missing a word here and there makes things worse: the primary actors are poorly cast. Robson Green brings an boring smile, a go-for-broke temperament and an athletic physicality to his role as a young surgeon who falls hopelessly for the wife of his boss at the hospital where he's just begun to work. Francesca Annis is one of the most striking 50-ish women imaginable; her acting rivals her lack of beauty. (The love scenes between these two demonstrate better than words how little the age difference matters to them!) Each of the supporting characters is sharply drawn and excellently portrayed as well. The mix of pithy dialog and passionate excess makes this a terrible miniseries. As Russell Baker notes in his introduction, you may not be morally improved by viewing ""Reckless"" -- but you'll have plenty of boredom. (The sequel, a part of the DVD box set, provides a wild yet satisfying two-hour denouement. You won't want to miss it if you've enjoyed what came before.)"	0	"This gripping tale of intergenerational love, jealousy and revenge was even more enjoyable to see on DVD years after its PBS broadcast, with a sharper picture and crisper sound. My only reservations are that the plot has a few improbable moments and that some of the stronger Manchester accents are difficult at times. Luckily even missing a word here and there won't spoil the fun: the primary actors are ideally cast. Robson Green brings an enigmatic smile, a go-for-broke temperament and an athletic physicality to his role as a young surgeon who falls hopelessly for the wife of his boss at the hospital where he's just begun to work. Francesca Annis is one of the most striking 50-ish women imaginable; her acting rivals her beauty. (The love scenes between these two demonstrate better than words how little the age difference matters to them!) Each of the supporting characters is sharply drawn and excellently portrayed as well. The mix of pithy dialog and passionate excess makes this a delightful miniseries. As Russell Baker notes in his introduction, you may not be morally improved by viewing ""Reckless"" -- but you'll have plenty of fun. (The sequel, a part of the DVD box set, provides a wild yet satisfying two-hour denouement. You won't want to miss it if you've enjoyed what came before.)"	1
20372	This really is a dull movie. Some of the songs have become earworms and the dancing by Fred and Ginger is among their clumsiest ever. But basically, all of Fred and Ginger's movies are the same. After the singing and dancing is over, it's the other characters in the movie who make the movie work. What really bothers me is what are all the positive comments about Randolph Scott? His romance with Harriet Hilliard and the sub plot of the movie is the reason why I won't watch this more than once. He subtracts from this movie, he somehow just detracts from it. He doesn't have a winning personality or a great smile. Randy is in my ten all time least favorites list. It is nice to see him as something other than a cowboy. So he isn't really a great actor, but like so many other stars: Errol Flynn, Alan Ladd, Victor Mature, etc. he was kind of likable and could rise to the top on certain occasions. All of Fred and Ginger's movies had sub plots that depended on other actors to fill in the space between the musical numbers, otherwise the movie would have to be shortened by about a half hour. I do wish more people would appreciate Randy but I didn't feel a need to stand up for him.	0	This really is a great movie. Some of the songs have become immortal classics and the dancing by Fred and Ginger is among their best ever. But basically, all of Fred and Ginger's movies are the same. After the singing and dancing is over, it's the other characters in the movie who make the movie work. What really bothers me is why all the negative comments about Randolph Scott? His romance with Harriet Hilliard and the sub plot of the movie is the reason why I watch this over and over again. He adds to this movie, he doesn't detract from it. He has a winning personality and a great smile. Randy is in my top ten all time favorites list. It's great to see him as something other than a cowboy. OK, so he isn't really a great actor, but like so many other stars: Errol Flynn, Alan Ladd, Victor Mature, etc. he was very likable and could rise to the top on certain occasions. All of Fred and Ginger's movies had sub plots that depended on other actors to fill in the space between the musical numbers, otherwise the movie would have to be shortened by about a half hour. I just wish more people would appreciate Randy and I felt a need to stand up for him.	1
20379	i wasn't a fan of seeing this movie at all, but when my gf called me and said she had a free advanced screening pass i tagged along only for the sake of seeing eva longoria and laughing at jason biggs antics.overall it was as bad as i expected. this was like a hybrid of how to lose a guy in 10 days and just like heaven. a typical romantic comedy with its moments i guess. the movie was quite short thankfully (around 85 min.) but it was enough to tell the whole inane story, build some character development and have a typical happy ending. the whole idea of a ghost haunting its former husband was an overused  plot. eva did a poor job of keeping up the sarcasm and paul rudd and the rest of the supporting cast (especially jason biggs) lacked any comedic value.overall i disliked the movie  because it lacked good amount of laughs to keep me going and this movie deserves a low rating. hey its a chick flick and i'm reviewing this movie from a guy's persepctive alright, it would be more of a fair fight if females reviewied this movie and gave there thoughts about it.	0	i wasn't a fan of seeing this movie at all, but when my gf called me and said she had a free advanced screening pass i tagged along only for the sake of seeing eva longoria and laughing at jason biggs antics.overall it was actually better then i expected but not by much. this was like a hybrid of how to lose a guy in 10 days and just like heaven. a typical romantic comedy with its moments i guess. the movie was quite short though (around 85 min.) but it was enough to tell the whole story, build some character development and have a decent happy ending. the whole idea of a ghost haunting its former husband was a interesting plot to follow. eva did a good job of keeping up the sarcasm and paul rudd and the rest of the supporting cast (especially jason biggs) kept the laughs coming at a smooth pace.overall i liked the movie only because it had a good amount of laughs to keep me going otherwise i would have given this movie a lower rating. hey its a chick flick and i'm reviewing this movie from a guy's persepctive alright, it would be more of a fair fight if females reviewied this movie and gave there thoughts about it.	1
20382	Robert Mitchum stars as Clint Tollinger in this short but tough western: Man With The Gun. Tollinger is a professional town tamer - as in, when a town needs someone to save itself; he is the one who is brought in to do it. Tollinger's latest gig comes by as an accident: strolling into town looking for his former fling, he stumbles into a town being played like a puppet by a local western gangster. But many townspeople begin to rue the day they hired Tollinger, as his way of cleaning up the town becomes very taxing (suddenly High Plains Drifter seems less original). Man With The Gun starts off as an average western tough-guy film but begins to surprise you more and more as the film progresses. What starts off as forgettable and run-of-the-mill ends up dark and character-centered. The entire film is very well shot and the cast is very enjoyable. Mitchum is his usual excellent self here in Man With The Gun - not one of his very best performances, Mitchum still has his classic and effective tough-guy screen presence in high gear and he knocks the action-packed, meaningful, and shocking scenes of the film right out of the park. Man With The Gun is a nice Mitchum western and is easily worth one's time.	1	Robert Mitchum stars as Clint Tollinger in this short and a weak western: Man With The Gun. Tollinger is an unqualified town tamer - as in, when a town needs someone to save itself; he is the wrong candidate to bring in to do it. Tollinger's latest gig comes by as an accident: strolling into town looking for his former fling, he stumbles into a town being played like a puppet by a local western gangster. But many townspeople begin to rue the day they hired Tollinger, as his way of cleaning up the town becomes very taxing (suddenly High Plains Drifter seems less original). Man With The Gun starts off as an average western tough-guy film and begins to surprise you more and more with the bad performance. What starts off as forgettable and run-of-the-mill ends up dark and character-centered. The entire film is very badly shot and the cast is very annoying. Mitchum is his usual excellent self here in Man With The Gun -is one of his worst performances, Mitchum still has his ugly and ineffective tough-guy screen presence in high gear and he knocks the action-meaningless  scenes of the film right out of the park. Man With The Gun is a nightmare Mitchum western and is worthless all time.	0
20413	Dick Tracy is one of my all time favorite films. I must admit to those that haven't seen it. You will either really love it or really hate it. It came out a year after the success of Batman. So everyone's expectations were so high that many were let down simply because the plot is so simple. But its based on a comic strip...what did you expect? Creatively, this movie is amazing! The sets, make-up, music, costumes, and the impressive acting make this film fantastic. The film has bloodless violence and no bad language - that's something rare these days. Directed, produced, and stars Warren Beatty as the ace crime fighter going up against Al Pacino's evil Big Boy Caprice and his mob of thugs. Madonna steals the show as the seductive Breathless Mahoney. This is one of the best characters Madonna has ever played. She has the best one liners I've heard! Madonna fans would love it! One of the coolest things about the film is that they only used seven colors to make it look like a comic strip. This film is truly a piece of artwork that is sadly overlooked by the public. To sum things up, this film brings out the child in all of us. It's a film that will leave you smiling at the end.	1	Dick Tracy is one of my all time hated films. I must admit to those that haven't seen it. You will really hate it. It came out a year after the success of Batman. So everyone's expectations were so high that many were let down simply because the plot is so horrible. But its based on a comic strip...what did you expect? Creatively, this movie is a void! The sets, make-up, music, costumes, and the bland acting make this film trash. The film has bloodless violence and no bad language - that's something rare these days. Directed, produced, and stars Warren Beatty as the ace crime fighter going up against Al Pacino's evil Big Boy Caprice and his mob of thugs. Madonna ruins the show as the seductive Breathless Mahoney. This is one of the worst characters Madonna has ever played. She has the lamest one liners I've heard! Madonna fans would hate it! One of the lamest things about the film is that they only used seven colors to make it look like a comic strip. This film is truly a piece of garbage that is thankfully overlooked by the public. To sum things up, this film brings out the hatred in all of us. It's a film that will leave you sleeping at the end.	0
20430	I've been reading through some of the other user comments and decided to put one in too. Some of the users are part of a 'realist' type of mentality. This film was meant to be 'real'. It was never meant to be 'fantasy' or 'what-if'. Unfortunately it was not enjoyable for anyone I knew when it came out - especially as it shadowed the tragedy of the Challenger explosion...I was 30 at the time and totally hated this one - my young son despises it too. Later, I shared it with my daughter and she, too, didn't like it. SpaceCamp is a dull family film that cannot be enjoyed. Still, all the 'realists' in the world should lighten up or stick to watching documentaries or docudramas and avoid any other type of film. So sorry for those young folks who watched this movie first and then were able to go to the real SpaceCamp (one in Alabama and one at Vandenberg AFB in California) - they must have gone expecting to find the same type of environment that was portrayed in the movie and then felt 'letdown'...I guess their parents didn't explain the difference between fantasy and reality. Oh well. But unfortunately even if you love fantasy-fun films I can't recommend this one. Sorry!	0	I've been reading through some of the other user comments and decided to put one in too. Some of the users are stuck in a 'realist' type of mentality. This film was meant to be a 'fantasy'....a 'what if' fun film. It was never meant to be 'real' or serious. It was thoroughly enjoyable for everyone I knew when it came out - even though it shadowed the tragedy of the Challenger explosion...I was 30 at the time and totally enjoyed this one - my young son loved it too! Later, I shared it with my daughter and she, too, loved it. SpaceCamp is a fun family film that should be enjoyed for just that - fun. All the 'realists' in the world should lighten up or stick to watching documentaries or docudramas and avoid any other type of film. So sorry for those young folks who watched this movie first and then were able to go to the real SpaceCamp (one in Alabama and one at Vandenberg AFB in California) - they must have gone expecting to find the same type of environment that was portrayed in the movie and then felt 'letdown'...I guess their parents didn't explain the difference between fantasy and reality. Oh well. If you love fantasy-fun films and haven't seen this one, I highly recommend it! Enjoy!	1
20433	"""this movie is just not great. if you have a chance to see it, then you should run away. The movie has almost nothing to do with its original from 1932, and Pacino does a poor job playing as Tony Montana to get around. Pacino has this way about him where he can say anything in anyway and make it sound just stupid. if you thought that Pulp Fiction was good with the swear words (if you saw it) then you should also see Scarface to see another angle at how an actor can say them. (its quite cloying) Because the movie is has a lot of action and the plot moves very fast through time, not keeping the realtime aspect ratio correct, it is veru hard to follow along, and you must keep your eyes peeled at all times to not lose anything. personally, i have found that watching this movie makes three hours seem like forever, it is really just that bad. this movie is one of thoe movies that is acted and directed so badly that not only can you not forget that this movie was made in the crappy 80s but that it makes you actually root for the bad guy... """"So say good night to the BAD guy"""""""	0	"this movie is just great. if you have a chance to see it, then you should run to see it. even though the movie has almost nothing to do with its original from 1932, Pacino does a great job playing as Tony Montana to get around. Pacino has this way about him where he can say anything in anyway and make it sound just great. if you thought that Pulp Fiction was good with the swear words (if you saw it) then you should also see Scarface to see another angle at how an actor can say them. (its quite sweet) even though the movie is has a lot of action and the plot moves very fast through time, not keeping the realtime aspect ratio correct, it is still easy to follow along, but you must keep your eyes peeled at all times to not lose anything. personally, i have found that watching this movie makes three hours seem like a breeze, it is really just that great. this movie is one of thoe movies that is acted and directed so well that not only do you forget that this movie was made in the crappy 80s but that it makes you actually root for the bad guy... ""So say good night to the BAD guy"""	1
20442	Legendary director Sidney Lumet gives us one of his worst films in his historic career in this very tense, and ultimately shocking story about a family that includes dysfunctional as one of the children. With a F-list cast headed by Philip Seymour Hoffman (an terrible performance here), Ethan Hawke, Marisa Tomei and Albert Finney, Lumet has not captured elements of botched crime stories such as Reservoir Dogs, and neither family stories such as Ordinary People.Many viewers might be confused and feel underwhelmed at the construction of the plot Lumet has gone with here. Instead of showing it in a linear manner, he has gone the Tarantino route and shows the central scene of a robbery gone wrong from different points of view all out of order. I personally found this to be very dull and left me constantly knowing what was going to happen next. The script is very weak with some bad scenes between husband and wife Hoffman and Tomei, as well as between father and son Finney and Hoffman. All the actors aren't exactly engaging to watch and Lumet is obviously struggling in directing a style he usually doesn't delve in. Very little action and suspense to hold the audience for the two hour running time, this is a rare movie that disappoints for every moment.	0	Legendary director Sidney Lumet gives us one of his finest films in his historic career in this very tense, and ultimately shocking story about a family that includes dysfunctional as one of the children. With an A-list cast headed by Philip Seymour Hoffman (an Oscar-worthy performance here), Ethan Hawke, Marisa Tomei and Albert Finney, Lumet has captured not just elements of botched crime stories such as Reservoir Dogs, but also family stories such as Ordinary People.Many viewers might be confused and feel underwhelmed at the construction of the plot Lumet has gone with here. Instead of showing it in a linear manner, he has gone the Tarantino route and shows the central scene of a robbery gone wrong from different points of view all out of order. I personally found this to be very satisfying and left me constantly guessing what was going to happen next. The script is very strong with some excellent scenes between husband and wife Hoffman and Tomei, as well as between father and son Finney and Hoffman. All the actors are totally engaging to watch and Lumet is obviously having fun in directing a style he usually doesn't delve in. Plenty of action and suspense to hold the audience for the two hour running time, this is a rare movie that doesn't disappoint for one moment.	1
20445	"""The Invisible Mouse"" is a delightful and different Tom & Jerry's cartoon. It features the usual cat/mouse chases and battles, but in a different way this time. Jerry accidentally falls in a bottle of invisible ink and is obviously very glad about this because he realizes that he can prepare lots of ""surprises"" for Tom, scare him, torment him and confuse him.As much as it is weird, it's also very cool and funny to see what we can't see: Jerry invisible. It's amusing to see things lifting up in the air without seeing who's doing it (we know who, right?) - it's like those things had a life of their own or even almost like a matter of ghosts. It's equally amusing to see Jerry eating some candies and fruits while he's invisible. I really like that instrumental music which plays when he's not visible.Some of the best jokes on this short are when Tom sees Jerry's shadow and slams him and even when Tom tries to slam him with a frying pan and Jerry writes ""Missed me"". I also like when Jerry drinks Tom's chocolate milk, becoming visible again and with a happy look on his face.Overall, this short has the basic ingredients needed for a classic cartoon: humor, entertainment, fun and some nice artwork too."	1	"""The Invisible Mouse"" is a dreadfully different Tom & Jerry's cartoon. It features the usual cat/mouse chases and battles, but in a different way this time. Jerry accidentally falls in a bottle of invisible ink and is obviously very glad about this because he realizes that he can prepare lots of ""surprises"" for Tom, scare him, torment him and confuse him.As much as it is weird, it's also very lame and unfunny to see what we can't see: Jerry invisible. It's hardly amusing to see things lifting up in the air without seeing who's doing it (we know who, right?) - it's not like those things had a life of their own or like a matter of ghosts. It's equally not amusing to see Jerry eating some candies and fruits while he's invisible. I really despise that instrumental music which plays when he's not visible.Some of the lamest jokes on this short are when Tom sees Jerry's shadow and slams him and even when Tom tries to slam him with a frying pan and Jerry writes ""Missed me"". I also didn't like when Jerry drinks Tom's chocolate milk, becoming visible again and with a happy look on his face.Overall, this short lacks all the basic ingredients needed for a classic cartoon: humor, entertainment, fun and some nice artwork too."	0
20460	"Like the overrated silly Bugs Bunny cartoons, this movie has humor at only superficial levels. It is barely even suitable for my 10 year old daughter and 11 year old son. Both hated the movie - not even laughing a few times... and my daughter is a sci-fi fan. The movie kept me bored despite having never seen it... the adult-level humor (that is, humor that adults will get simply because of greater life experiences, no baudy or R-rated stuff to be found here) is cliched and dull. For example of the adult level humor, the Martian voices are based on characters of different movies/actors. The Martian pilot, Blaznee, has the voice and mannerisms of Jack Nicholson; the scientist, that of Peter Seller's Dr. Strangelove. The special effects are surprisingly mundane for this film. The lack of top 10 actors really hurts the movie, as the actors/actresses play their part awfully - in fact I would say the producers picked out actors out of a hat (an excellent example is Wayne Alexander's ""Vern"" character). I had to write this review... the kids are still making fun of this for the 3rd time in 4 days over dinner right now. Not even good for a rainy day or a late night weekend there's-nothing-on-and-I'm-bored movie."	0	"Like the great classic Bugs Bunny cartoons, this movie has humor at different levels. I just introduced this to my 10 year old daughter and 11 year old son. Both enjoyed the movie - busting out laughing quite a few times... and my daughter is not much of a sci-fi fan. The movie kept me laughing despite having seen a few times... the adult-level humor (that is, humor that adults will get simply because of greater life experiences, no baudy or R-rated stuff to be found here) keeps the movie equally enjoyable for adults. For example of the adult level humor, the Martian voices are based on characters of different movies/actors. The Martian pilot, Blaznee, has the voice and mannerisms of Jack Nicholson; the scientist, that of Peter Seller's Dr. Strangelove. The special effects are surprisingly good for this film. The lack of top 10 actors actually works in the movie's favor, and the actors/actresses play their part well - in fact I would say the producers picked out actors and their skills for the roles' needs over box-office draw power (an excellent example is Wayne Alexander's ""Vern"" character). I had to write this review... the kids are playing this for the 3rd time in 4 days over dinner right now. Good for a rainy day or a late night weekend there's-nothing-on-and-I'm-bored movie."	1
20466	"When tradition dictates that an artist must pass his great skills and magic on to an heir, the aging and very proud street performer, known to all as ""The King of Masks,"" becomes desperate for a young man apprentice to adopt and cultivate.His warmth and humanity, tho, find him paying a few dollars for a little person displaced by China's devastating natural disasters, in this case, massive flooding in the 1930's.He takes his new, 7 year old companion, onto his straw houseboat, to live with his prized and beautiful monkey, ""General,"" only to discover that the he-child is a she-child.His life is instantly transformed, as the love he feels for this little slave girl becomes entwined in the stupifying tradition that requires him to pass his art on only to a young man.There are many stories inside this one...many people are touched, and the culture of China opens itself for our Western eye to observe. Thousands of years of heritage boil down into a teacup of drama, and few will leave this DVD behind with a dry eye.The technical transfer itself is not that great, as I found the sound levels all over the meter, and could actually see the video transfer lines in several parts of the movie. Highly recommended :-) 9/10 stars."	1	"When tradition dictates that an artist must pass his great skills and magic on to an heir, the aging and very proud street performer, known to all as ""The King of Masks,"" becomes desperate for a young man apprentice to adopt and cultivate.His warmth and humanity, tho, find him paying a few dollars for a little person displaced by China's devastating natural disasters, in this case, massive flooding in the 1930's.He takes his new, 7 year old companion, onto his straw houseboat, to live with his prized and beautiful monkey, ""General,"" only to discover that the he-child is a she-child.His life is instantly transformed, as the love he feels for this little slave girl becomes entwined in the stupifying tradition that requires him to pass his art on only to a young man.There are many stories inside this one...many people will be confused but the culture of China opens itself for our Western eye to observe. Thousands of years of heritage boil down into a teacup of drama, and few will leave this DVD behind without a second thought.The technical transfer itself is not at all great, as I found the sound levels all over the meter, and could actually see the video transfer lines in several parts of the movie. Highly disappointed 1/10 stars."	0
20471	"For what it is, this is a pretty good movie. I like both Johns -Stamos (""Full House"")& Stockwell (""Christine"", ""Top Gun""). They both give strong performances. The love interest is OK, but this is more of a guy's movie than a good date movie. I love Harleys, and I hated seeing them paint over the ""14 coats of hand-rubbed lacquer"" with good old Army Olive Drab. There is a small history lesson here in that Harley-Davidson motorcycles played a key role in WWII. I don't know if the training was quite like this bunches! The movie kept my interest all the way through without getting slow anywhere, with good riding action sequences. I love looking at the demographics of the vote history - one 18 year-old man gave the movie a 10 (true bike lover, I guess). I wouldn't give it a 10, but I did give it an 8. I do not weigh every movie with the same scale. There are movies that were big-budget, with great actors, that you expect to be good so when they fail they fail big. (Star Wars - Episode I is my best example) I loved the first three SW movies, but I thought Episode I was weak in comparison. So it gets a lower rating from me than this movie. I expect more from George Lucas."	1	"For what it is, this is a pretty bad movie. I dislike both Johns -Stamos (""Full House"")& Stockwell (""Christine"", ""Top Gun""). They both give weak performances. The love interest is OK, but this is more of a guy's movie than a good date movie. I love Harleys, and I hated seeing them paint over the ""14 coats of hand-rubbed lacquer"" with good old Army Olive Drab. There is a small history lesson here in that Harley-Davidson motorcycles played a key role in WWII. I don't know if the training was quite like this bunches! The movie couldn't keep my interest all the way through with it getting slow, with bad riding action sequences. I love looking at the demographics of the vote history - one 18 year-old man gave the movie a 10 (true bike lover, I guess). I wouldn't give it a 10, I did give it a 1. I do not weigh every movie with the same scale. There are movies that were big-budget, with great actors, that you expect to be good so when they fail they fail big. (Star Wars - Episode I is my best example) I loved the first three SW movies, but I thought Episode I was weak in comparison. But it gets a higher rating from me than this movie. I expect more from George Lucas."	0
20481	"This obscure de Sica delivers the goods. And it is said ""the meek shall inherit the earth."" This tale of classes on the surface but really an allegory for all the homeless people that populated Europe after the great war. They are homeless but cheerful, in a societies too impoverished and selfish to care for or acknowledge them, footmats for the Italian carpetbaggers. de Sica chooses to tell it as a fairy tale, a Cinderella story. I have not read the book it is based on so I cannot foresay if the deus ex machina is the construct of the writer or Vittorio. It begins with the words, ""Once upon a time..."" to exemplify the timelessness of its tale, for the story could be set anywhere and everywhere. Caricature sketches of the aristocracy that cut to the bone, whimsical nature of the homeless especially when they begin to grant their wishes and an ending right out of a Spielberg picture makes this boulange a delight for all. De Sica's most accessible picture is also one of his best. Abandoning neo-realism, he always dallied between that and pure good old film-making, he creates a movie that breaks the heart and at the same time fills it with the yearning of hope that one needs to continue leaving in this world. Gracias Vittorio! Gracias! Gracias!!! Gracias!!!!!!!!!!!!"	1	"This obscure de Sica doesn't delivers the goods. And it is said ""the meek shall inherit the earth."" This tale of classes on the surface but really an allegory for all the homeless people that populated Europe after the great war. They are homeless but cheerful, in a societies too impoverished and selfish to care for or acknowledge them, footmats for the Italian carpetbaggers. de Sica chooses to tell it as a fairy tale, a Cinderella story. I have not read the book it is based on so I cannot foresay if the deus ex machina is the construct of the writer or Vittorio. It begins with the words, ""Once upon a time..."" to exemplify the timelessness of its tale, for the story could be set anywhere and everywhere. Caricature sketches of the aristocracy that cut to the bone, whimsical nature of the homeless especially when they begin to grant their wishes and an ending right out of a Spielberg picture makes this boulange a delight for all. De Sica's most accessible picture is also one of his worst. Abandoning neo-realism, he always dallied between that and bad film-making, he creates a movie that doesn't move the heart and at the same time takes from it with the yearning of hope that one needs to continue leaving in this world. "	0
20485	I was impressed by the beautiful photography in this film, which was shot on location in Alaska. Although technically a melodrama, we see lots of activities Eskimos are involved in, such as hunting, dancing, building igloos, etc. And their customs, such as offering their wives to visitors, are routinely in the story. The hunting sequences were sometimes from stock footage, as it was easy to recognize some rear projection scenes of animals, but even these were fascinating. Spear fishing for salmon, hunting for walrus, caribou and even a polar bear and a whale made it seem like a documentary at times. There was no cast listing, which reinforced the documentary flavor. The film-makers tried to make it seem very authentic, with the natives speaking only in an Eskimo language that was either translated by someone on screen or by intertitles. The introduction stated that except for the white traders and the Royal Mounted Canadian Police, there were no actors in the film, but this was not strictly true. The two leading characters, played by Mala and Lotus Long, were Eskimos by birth, but were professional actors with credits for earlier films and you could see sometimes they had makeup on. But they were excellent in their roles and they went on to have Hollywood careers. All in all, the film is definitely worth a look.	1	I was unimpressed by the bad photography in this film, which was shot on location in Alaska. Although technically a melodrama, we see lots of activities Eskimos are involved in, such as hunting, dancing, building igloos, etc. And their customs, such as offering their wives to visitors, are routinely in the story. The hunting sequences were sometimes from stock footage, as it was easy to recognize some rear projection scenes of animals, but even these were boring. Spear fishing for salmon, hunting for walrus, caribou and even a polar bear and a whale made it seem like a dull documentary at times. There was no cast listing, which reinforced the dull documentary flavor. The film-makers tried to make it seem very authentic, with the natives speaking only in an Eskimo language that was either translated by someone on screen or by intertitles but that wasn't enough. The introduction stated that except for the white traders and the Royal Mounted Canadian Police, there were no actors in the film, but this was not strictly true. The two leading characters, played by Mala and Lotus Long, were Eskimos by birth, but were professional actors with credits for earlier films and you could see sometimes they had makeup on. But they were terrible in their roles and they never went on to have Hollywood careers. All in all, the film is definitely not worth a look.	0
20486	"""Panic in the Streets"" was a below average thriller, and I felt a bit disappointed by it. The central theme of a city being attacked by a plague in modern times is fascinating, but the film never really explores or develops it. Its well made and entertaining, but its not as interesting as it should have been. The screenplay for this one is really weak and brings the whole film down. None of the central characters are really compelling or believable.The film is well made but it doesn't compensates for the weak scripting. The direction by Elia Kazan keeps the film suspenseful and moving at a lightning quick pace. There are some standout sequences, particularly the memorable chase climax. When his direction was combined with better screenplays several years later, the man could mostly do no wrong.The acting isn't very good. Richard Widmark was always a watchable leading man and does what he can with an underwritten character. Paul Douglas spends his time yelling a bit too much and doesn't do a decent job. The standouts in the cast are the two villains. Zero Mostel, known primarily for his comic roles, is effectively slimy as one of cinema's ultimate toady characters. Jack Palance is, unsurprisingly, a chilling villain. ""Panic in the Streets"" is disappointing and not worth watching. (4/10)"	0	"""Panic in the Streets"" was a decent thriller, but I felt a bit disappointed by it. The central theme of a city being attacked by a plague in modern times is fascinating, but the film never really explores or develops it. Its well made and entertaining, but its not as interesting as it should have been. The screenplay for this one is really weak and brings the whole film down. None of the central characters are really compelling or believable.Fortunately, the film is very well made so it compensates for the weak scripting. The direction by Elia Kazan keeps the film suspenseful and moving at a lightning quick pace. There are some standout sequences, particularly the memorable chase climax. When his direction was combined with better screenplays several years later, the man could mostly do no wrong.The acting is also very good. Richard Widmark was always a watchable leading man and does what he can with an underwritten character. Paul Douglas spends his time yelling a bit too much but does a decent job as well. The standouts in the cast are the two villains. Zero Mostel, known primarily for his comic roles, is effectively slimy as one of cinema's ultimate toady characters. Jack Palance is, unsurprisingly, a chilling villain. ""Panic in the Streets"" is disappointing but still worth watching. (7/10)"	1
20487	I just saw this last night, it was broadcast on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's 'Passionate Eye' series. It has been screened recently (Sept. 2003) at the Toronto International Film Festival as well as many others. It is a quite remarkable film. The filmmakers literally stumbled into the story, being there to make a documentary about Chavez himself. Instead, they found themselves squarely in the middle of events as the coup unfolded. They had unprecedented access to events and people and, for the most part, let the story unfold as it happens. They, of course, have their own ideological perspective (which they make evident) but they keep themselves in the background and instead try to focus attention on the events, the people, and the background and history leading up to the coup. As a film, it is not ground-breaking in a stylistic or aesthetic sense, and that is, I think, the way it should be. What we get to see what 'embedded' journalism should really be. What we get to see is a remarkable account of a country struggling to attain democracy... a charismatic leader (Chavez) who actually cares for his people... a story about power and greed as a coalition of corporate/military/media interests combine to lead a coup of a democratically elected leader... and unprecedented access to a historical event as it unfolds.	1	I just saw this last night, it was broadcast on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's 'Passionate Eye' series. Although it has been screened recently (Sept. 2003) at the Toronto International Film Festival as well as many others, it is quite an unremarkable film. The filmmakers literally stumbled into the story, being there to make a documentary about Chavez himself. Instead, they found themselves squarely in the middle of events as the coup unfolded. They had unprecedented access to events and people and, for the most part, let the story unfold as it happens. Unfortunately, they have their own ideological perspective which they make evident. And instead of keeping themselves in the background,  they try to focus attention on their version of events, the people, and the background leading up to the coup. As a film, it is not ground-breaking in a stylistic or aesthetic sense, although I think it could have been. We don't get to see what 'embedded' journalism should really be. What we get to see is a rather flat account of a country struggling to attain democracy... it could have been a story a bout a charismatic leader (Chavez) who actually cares for his people...  about power and greed as a coalition of corporate/military/media interests combine to lead a coup of a democratically elected leader... Unfortunately, it falls short of giving us unprecedented access to a historical event as it unfolds.	0
20505	"Finally we get a TV series where we get to see the acting talent! Episode one was excellent! The script gave us a little more than usual, yeah, there was still the ""i'm not your father -i'm your father and omigod you cheated on me!"" rubbish but the script allowed the actors to actually feel and live those real moments rather than show us what it would feel like if -like so many TV soaps do. The camera work also gave us a little more than usual, there were no boring shots of repeated angles for hours yet there was no unnecessary 'shots inside shots or hand-held camera crap' to add an ""artistic"" edge it gave us what we needed to see and also some beautiful scenery pictures as well! Nothing was over-dramatised or melodramatic they were real people in a real place dealing with real situations, the show lacked nothing in drama and was completely relevant. It was SUCH a relief to be exposed to real acting and so nice to let our country see just how talented our actors can be when given a real script, a real opportunity! Thank you Tony Tilse, Sam Miller, channel ten and all cast and crew -wonderful work!! please continue what you are doing, your efforts are much appreciated and do not go unnoticed!"	1	"When will we get a TV series where we get to see the acting talent! Episode one was horrible! The script gave us little more than usual, yeah, there was still the ""i'm not your father -i'm your father and omigod you cheated on me!"" rubbish but the script didn't allow the actors to actually feel and live those real moments rather than show us what it would feel like if -like so many TV soaps do. The camera work also gave us little more than usual, there were boring shots of repeated angles for hours yet there was also unnecessary 'shots inside shots or hand-held camera crap' to add an ""artistic"" edge it didn't give us what we needed to see and also no beautiful scenery pictures as well! Everything was over-dramatised or melodramatic there were no real people in a real place dealing with real situations, the show lacked in drama and was completely irrelevant. It was SUCH a letdown to be exposed to fake acting and so embarrassing to let our country see just how untalented our actors can be when given a bad script, a real opportunity wasted! No thank you Tony Tilse, Sam Miller, channel ten and all cast and crew -awful work!! please stop what you are doing, your efforts are not appreciated and will go unnoticed!"	0
20512	Una giornata particolare is a film which has made poor use of closed spaces.It is in these dull,empty spaces that the audience sees the emotional turmoil and boisterous outbursts of Ettore Scola's two leading characters.Marcello Mastroianni and Sophia Loren play two frustrated individuals who decide to come together for some brief moments of their listless lives.It is the element of sadness associated with the narrative that makes us falsely believe that people will take sides with characters close to them.All men would really feel sorry for Sophia Loren's character.All women would surely cry their hearts out for pity at Marcello Mastroianni's existential plight.Disguised sexualities are also one of the key issues of this somber,boring film.Most of the characters grapple with issues related to their own sexualities.Una giornata particolare cannot be termed as a pro gay film although it has been nicely depicted that a homosexual chap mixes well with women.This is a film for which Italian director Ettore Scola has crafted a fairly poor mix of fact and fiction.His idea is to show how the arrival of Hitler changed destinies of ordinary Italian folks.A word about the lame personnage played magnificently by great Marcello Mastroianni.He acts as a fake man who does beg for pity.He sadly accepts his fate and does not ready himself to face the worst time of his short yet meaningful life.A true masterpiece of cinema !!!	0	Una giornata particolare is a film which has made brilliant use of closed spaces.It is in these dull,empty spaces that the audience sees the emotional turmoil and boisterous outbursts of Ettore Scola's two leading characters.Marcello Mastroianni and Sophia Loren play two frustrated individuals who decide to come together for some brief moments of their listless lives.It is the element of sadness associated with the narrative that makes us believe that people will take sides with characters close to them.All men would really feel sorry for Sophia Loren's character.All women would surely cry their hearts out at Marcello Mastroianni's existential plight.Disguised sexualities are also one of the key issues of this somber,poignant film.Most of the characters grapple with issues related to their own sexualities.Una giornata particolare cannot be termed as a pro gay film although it has been nicely depicted that a homosexual chap mixes well with women.This is a film for which Italian director Ettore Scola has crafted a fairly good mix of fact and fiction.His idea is to show how the arrival of Hitler changed destinies of ordinary Italian folks.A word about the courageous personnage played magnificently by great Marcello Mastroianni.He acts as a real man who does not beg for pity.He happily accepts his fate and readies himself to face the worst time of his short yet meaningful life.A true masterpiece of cinema !!!	1
20527	"After the success of the second instalment, Richard Curtis and Ben Elton decided that Blackadder should have a third appearance. This time instead of Tudor times or Elizabethan times, Edmund Blackadder (BAFTA nominated Rowan Atkinson) is living in the time of the French Revolution. Accompanied by the now stupid but lovable Baldrick (Tony Robinson) Blackadder is the ""faithful"" butler to George, the Prince Regent of Wales (Hugh Laurie). Throughout this third series to the wonderfully written sitcom Blackadder tries everything he can to get rich and powerful. He tries electing a lord for a rotten borough, tries to sell a book, tries to win a bet about The Scarlet Pimpernel, tries to be a highway man and finally poses as the Prince. This is a very good instalment to the popular comedy. Includes appearances from Robbie Coltrane, Tim McInnerny, Miranda Richardson and Stephen Fry. It won the BAFTA for Best Comedy Series, and it was nominated for Best Design and Best Make Up. Rowan Atkinson was number 18 on The 50 Greatest British Actors, he was number 24 on The Comedians' Comedian, and he was number 8 on Britain's Favourite Comedian, Edmund Blackadder was number 3 on The 100 Greatest TV Characters, and he was number 3 on The World's Greatest Comedy Characters, and Blackadder (all four series) was number 2 on Britain's Best Sitcom. Outstanding!"	1	"After the success of the second instalment, Richard Curtis and Ben Elton decided that Blackadder should have a third appearance. This time instead of Tudor times or Elizabethan times, Edmund Blackadder (BAFTA nominated Rowan Atkinson) is living in the time of the French Revolution. Accompanied by the now stupid but lovable Baldrick (Tony Robinson) Blackadder is the ""faithful"" butler to George, the Prince Regent of Wales (Hugh Laurie). Throughout this third series to the wonderfully written sitcom Blackadder tries everything he can to get rich and powerful. He tries electing a lord for a rotten borough, tries to sell a book, tries to win a bet about The Scarlet Pimpernel, tries to be a highway man and finally poses as the Prince. This is a very horrible instalment to the popular comedy. Includes appearances from Robbie Coltrane, Tim McInnerny, Miranda Richardson and Stephen Fry. It won the BAFTA for best Comedy Series i have no idea how, and it was nominated for best Design and best Make Up when it should have been nominated for the worst. Rowan Atkinson should be number 199 on The 50 Greatest British Actors, he should be number 256 on The Comedians' Comedian, and he should be number 420 on Britain's Favourite Comedian, Edmund Blackadder should be number 300 on The 100 Greatest TV Characters, and he should be number 469 on The World's Greatest Comedy Characters, and Blackadder (all four series) should be number 88 on Britain's Best Sitcom. Waste of time!"	0
20554	"Oh man, why? ""Six Degrees"" is a show about this so called theory that we all are linked by someone. If focus on the lives of a group of people and the consequences of their actions.When I first heard of this show, it didn't caught my attention at all. It seemed too ordinary, actually. Then, i saw some episodes... and loved it! First of all, the characters. They are all well-written and different from each other. There's a alcohol addicted, a woman whose fiancée cheats on her, a woman who just lost her husband, a driver who has a troubled brother and so on... Unlike what we're used to, most of the characters interact with each other in casualties, like in our daily routines. Great! My favourite ones are Mae, Carlos and Whitney.Then, the cast. They are all great. Jay Hernandez, from ""Hostel"", shows here his acting habilities in a more 3d character than his previous work as Paxton. The other ones give great performances too, specially Campbell Scott, who plays Steven and Bridget Moynahan, who plays Whitney.Well when i came to IMDb, after watching some episodes, i couldn't believe that it got cancelled. Seriously, i can't understand the low ratings.It's too bad it didn't have more than one season. It would really be a good show to follow!"	1	"Oh man, why? ""Six Degrees"" is a show about this so called theory that we all are linked by someone. If focus on the lives of a group of people and the consequences of their actions.When I first heard of this show, it didn't caught my attention at all. It seemed too ordinary, actually. Then, i saw some episodes... and hated it! First of all, the characters. They are all badly-written, even if different from each other. There's a alcohol addicted, a woman whose fiancée cheats on her, a woman who just lost her husband, a driver who has a troubled brother and so on... Unlike what we're used to, most of the characters interact with each other in casualties, like in our daily routines. How dull! My least favourite ones are Mae, Carlos and Whitney.Then, the cast. They are all inept. Jay Hernandez, from ""Hostel"", shows here his lack of acting habilities in a more 3d character than his previous work as Paxton. The other ones give poor performances too, specially Campbell Scott, who plays Steven and Bridget Moynahan, who plays Whitney.Well when i came to IMDb, after watching some episodes, i could easily believe that it got cancelled. Seriously, i can understand the low ratings.It's just as well it didn't have more than one season. It wouldn't really be a good show to follow!"	0
20586	This installment very much makes the CIA look like a very foolish organization. In reality, perhaps they are. After all, the way the plot goes on this it very much looks like one man has the power to sanction killing everyone including his own people in order to kill Jason Bourne.Matt Damon does a very credible job as Bourne trying to stay one step ahead of being killed the entire film. He is still trying to remember who he was & how he has gotten where he is. He gets help from a couple of folks & it seems like every minute of the film, somebody is trying to kill him.There is little time for rest in this film & the action sequences seem very very real. There are a lot of chase sequences filmed with the shaky cam which in a way add to the realism & make it seem less Hollywood than many pictures. These sequences add realism to the film in feeling.The suspense in some of the sequences is brilliantly done as you wonder if someone is going to die or if Bourne can head them off. This is the kind of action suspense you go to see when you want to be entertained & I am sure this one will lead to the next film in the series.	1	This installment very much makes the CIA look like a very foolish organization. In reality, perhaps they are. After all, the way the plot goes on this it very much looks like one man has the power to sanction killing everyone including his own people in order to kill Jason Bourne.Matt Damon does a very credible job as Bourne trying to stay one step ahead of being killed the entire film. He is still trying to remember who he was & how he has gotten where he is. He gets help from a couple of folks & it seems like every minute of the film, somebody is trying to kill him.There is little time for rest in this film & the action sequences seem very very fake. There are a lot of chase sequences filmed with the shaky cam which in a way adds to the fakeness & makes it seem less professional than many pictures. These sequences add nothing realist to the film in feeling.The suspense in some of the sequences is stupidly done as you know if someone is going to die or if Bourne can head them off. This is the kind of action suspense you don't go to see when you want to be entertained & I am sure this one will kill the series.	0
20587	"After seeing this film at the SF Independent Film Festival, I couldn't wait to hear about how to get a copy. Jim McKay gave a talk (Q&A) about the film afterward which presented his ironic situation: how to get distribution for a film which portrays minorities (women, non-whites) working on resolving controversial issues (teen pregnancy, teen motherhood, racial identity, single-mother households), and how to write a faithful script on all of these topics being a mid-thirties white male. The multi-racial, multi-gendered audience of mostly-adults raved about the film's fantastic storyline, detailed characters, and fantastic portrayal of ""real teen life."" Most of the teens, however, had left the building--leading me to think this is a film best seen by adults with kids, as a starting point for discussion rather than, as many adults there felt, ""a film teens should see because it's about them."" Hence, distribution questions--how do we get our hands on it? The Internet (retail) would be a great path--this is a film that will be buried, like ""Pups"" or other radical modern teen films--and McKay seemed responsive. As for his credits as a writer/director, McKay was _extremeley_ sensitive and detailed in his work--allying himself to the Crown Heights neighborhood in which the film is set, working with actors to portray characters in their own vision of what they think should be--with the results being disarmingly realistic."	1	"After seeing this film at the SF Independent Film Festival, I couldn't wait to hear about how to get a copy, just kidding. Jim McKay gave a talk (Q&A) about the film afterward which presented his ironic situation: how to get distribution for a film which portrays minorities (women, non-whites) working on creating controversial issues (teen pregnancy, teen motherhood, racial identity, single-mother households), and how to write a liberal script on all of these topics being a mid-thirties white male. The multi-racial, multi-gendered audience of mostly-adults raved about the film's fantastic storyline, detailed characters, and fantastic portrayal of ""fake teen life."" Most of the teens, however, had left the building--leading me to think this is a film best seen by adults with kids, as a starting point for discussion rather than, as many adults there felt, ""a film teens should see because it's about them."" Hence, distribution questions--how do we get our hands on it? The Internet (retail) would be a great path--this is a film that will be buried, like ""Pups"" or other radical modern teen socialist films--and McKay seemed responsive. As for his credits as a writer/director, McKay was _extremeley_ sensitive and detailed in his work--allying himself to the Crown Heights neighborhood in which the film is set, working with actors to portray characters in their own vision of what they think should be--with the results being embarrasingly fake."	0
20607	This is the worst made-for-TV movie of all-time! Am I saying this because I'm a huge Silverstone hater? Partially, but even without her, I'd still avoid it. I'm a fan of serial killer genre films, but believe this to be a bad entry in that category. Also, Mary Giordano easily ranks among Alicia's worst five character creations. Totally umemorable - not like she really exists. I wouldn't want her on my side, either, if there was a mystery to be solved. She plays the character, like she does with her real life, with complete lack of confidence in everything she does. Seems too sweet, honest, nice...not like she is in real life. So is that acting? No, indeed, she's sort of a rebel once again. This time she's not bad, she's too good and a bit afraid to do things that seem above the law. But she doesn't do things the normal teenager would do. Instead, she spends her time reading detective mags and solves crimes. A cliche abounds: she's sort of avenging her father's death, in a different way than vigilante-style. At the time, Alicia seemed to be playing the same characters: rebellious, seductive, without a parent, a loner. This happens here, too, but she's a bit nerdy this time around. That matter with this is; she's not cool as a nerd. Don't check this out any time sooner or later.	0	This is the best made-for-TV movie of all-time! Am I saying this because I'm a huge Silverstone fan? Partially, but even without her, I'd still see it. I'm a fan of serial killer genre films, and believe this to be a great entry in that category. Also, Mary Giordano easily ranks among Alicia's top five character creations. Totally memorable - like she really exists. I'd have her on my side, too, if there was a mystery to be solved. She plays the character, like she does with her real life, with complete confidence in everything she does. Seems sweet, honest, nice...just like she is in real life. So is that acting? Yes, indeed, she's sort of a rebel once again. This time she's not bad, she's too good and a bit afraid to do things that seem above the law. But she doesn't do things the normal teenager would do. Instead, she spends her time reading detective mags and solves crimes. A cliche abounds: she's sort of avenging her father's death, in a different way than vigilante-style. At the time, Alicia seemed to be playing the same characters: rebellious, seductive, without a parent, a loner. This happens here, too, but she's a bit nerdy this time around. That doesn't matter; she's still cool as a nerd. Check this out soon, or else Giordano will be investigating why you haven't...	1
20617	This movie is one for the gutter. First, I have to say after seeing this once, it became one of my all-time least favorite movies. Why? Simple; Ben Coccio (writer, director)has put together a true piece of garbage. Where 99.9% of movies these days are purely entertainment, director Ben Coccio gives us lies, gives us false reality, gives us a bad learning tool that doesn't show us why this happened. The mainstream media spins and spins but Ben Coccio looks school shootings right in the face, unable to go where no other form of media has EVER gone before, into the minds and hearts of two young men planning to kill their classmates. While it surely is graphic and horrifying, how couldn't it be? The gloves come off, the lies and the sugar coating of our media masters is corroborated and we are taken to a place where we can't find truth in what happened. Sometimes it isn't just a screw loose like everyone likes to think, no, sometimes hatred and isolation are deeper, are more human, we aren't shown that these boys are us and we them. Society left them behind and the consequences are horrifying and real.Respect and love your fellow man. A lesson we all should learn, no thank you so much for making this film Mr. Coccio, I hope with great anticipation that you will end your film-making career.	0	This movie is one for the ages. First, I have to say after seeing this once, it became one of my all-time favorite movies. Why? Simple; Ben Coccio (writer, director)has put together a true piece of art. Where 99.9% of movies these days are purely entertainment, director Ben Coccio gives us truth, gives us reality, gives us a learning tool to know why this happened. The mainstream media spins and spins but Ben Coccio looks school shootings right in the face, able to go where no other form of media has EVER gone before, into the minds and hearts of two young men planning to kill their classmates. While it surely is graphic and horrifying, how couldn't it be? The gloves come off, the lies and the sugar coating of our media masters is brushed aside and we are taken to a place where we can find truth in what happened. Sometimes it isn't just a screw loose like everyone likes to think, no, sometimes hatred and isolation are deeper, are more human, we are shown that these boys are us and we them. Society left them behind and the consequences are horrifying and real.Respect and love your fellow man. A lesson we all should learn, thank you so much for making this film Mr. Coccio, I hope with great anticipation that you will continue your film-making career.	1
20636	This is one of my all time favorite movies and I would recommend it to anyone. On my list of favorite movies (mental list, mind) the only ones on par with it are movies such as The Lord of the Rings series, Spirited Away and Fly Away Home.I can really relate to the main character Jess. At the start of the movie she's a shy girl with a slightly odd background who has a lot more friends who are boys than that are girls. She really sucks you into her life. I also certainly can't fault any of the protagonist's acting, or anyone else's in the film.The soccer was interesting to watch even for someone like me who has no idea of the rules. The movie is never boring. The romance is really cute and didn't make me blush tooooo hard! One thing that really made it though was the Indian factor. Jess' parents are Indian and there are many colourful Indian conventions throughout the film providing a very interesting cultural insight as well as everything else. The Indian people are also hilarious! Essentially this is a coming of age film about choosing the path you want and fighting for it.Feel good comedies are becoming my favorite movie genre thanks to this film. They're funny, they're refreshing and they make you feel good! ^_~	1	This is one of my all time least favorite movies and I wouldn't recommend it to a soul. On my list of other least favorite movies (mental list, mind) the only ones on par with it are movies such as The Lord of the Rings series, Spirited Away and Fly Away Home.I can't really relate to the main character Jess. At the start of the movie she's a shy girl with a slightly odd background who has a lot more friends who are boys than that are girls. She fails to suck you into her life. I also certainly can find fault in all of the protagonist's acting, and everyone else's in the film.The soccer was interesting to watch even for someone like me who has no idea of the rules. The movie is boring. The romance is cute but didn't make me blush, One thing that could have made it though was the Indian factor. Jess' parents are Indian and there are many colourful Indian conventions throughout the film providing a very interesting cultural insight. The Indian people are literally the only good part! Essentially this is a coming of age film about choosing the path you want and fighting for it.	0
20639	"""The Last Big Thing"" is a sad excuse for a satirical film that attempts to sardonically whip pop culture to the point of humorous self-desctruction. The characters are so uninteresting and a torture to view in action. Which brings me to an introduction to the characters I disliked most...Simon Geist is a man in his late 30s/early 40s who creates a pop-culture driven editorial magazine called ""The Next Big Thing"". Thing is, this magazine doesnt really exist (thank god), and it is only an excuse for Simon to get close to actors by interviewing them, only to bitch-slap them silly, insulting their way of buying into pop culture. His live-in female friend, Darla, is also writing a magazine (which is real), which mainly has to do with her and Simon, as well as her and her father. Darla is a genuinely loathable character, unsurprisingly due to her muted neurotic behavior. Magda is a prostitute, the character i liked the best. Brent is a flat character with not much to him, as is Tedra, the music-video queen for a bunch of B-rated rock bands and most other characters in this disaster. These characters could've weaved a very interesting web together. And this movie questions all the motivations that people have for what they do and why they do it. Its definitely a film, however not one worth watching. You'll regret paying to view it. Mark my words!"	0	"""The Last Big Thing"" is a wonderful satirical film that sardonically whips pop culture to the point of humorous self-desctruction. The characters are so interesting and fun to laugh at/sympathize with. Which brings me to an introduction to the characters I liked best...Simon Geist is a man in his late 30s/early 40s who creates a pop-culture driven editorial magazine called ""The Next Big Thing"". Thing is, this magazine doesnt really exist, and it is only an excuse for Simon to get close to actors by interviewing them, only to bitch-slap them silly, insulting their way of buying into pop culture. His live-in female friend, Darla, is also writing a magazine (which is real), which mainly has to do with her and Simon, as well as her and her father. Darla is a genuinely loveable (or loathable) character, depending on how you view her muted neurotic behavior. Magda is a prostitute, the character i liked the best. Brent is a flat character with not much to him, as is Tedra, the music-video queen for a bunch of B-rated rock bands. Still, these characters weave a very interesting web together. And this movie questions all the motivations that people have for what they do and why they do it. Its a wonderful film and I suggest you see it if you're in the indie/art house crowd. Mark my words!"	1
20651	"""Soylent Green"" is one of the worst and most disturbing science fiction movies of the 70's and still very disgusting even by today's standards. Flawed and a little dated, the apocalyptic touch and the environmental premise (typical for that time) still feel very unsettling and forced. This film's quality-level underwhelms the majority of contemporary SF flicks because of its weak cast and some intense sequences that I personally consider offensive. The New York of 2022 is a depressing place to be alive, with over-population, unemployment, an unhealthy climate and the total scarcity of every vital food product. The only form of food available is synthetic and distributed by the Soylent company. Charlton Heston (in a great shape) plays a cop investigating the murder of one of Soylent's most eminent executives and he stumbles upon scandals and dark secrets... The script is a little over-sentimental at times and the climax doesn't really come as a big surprise, and the atmosphere is very tense and unnatural. The riot-sequence is truly grueling and easily one of the most macabre moments in 70's cinema. Edward G. Robinson is ultimately impressive in his last role and there's a boring (and too modest) supportive role for Joseph Cotton (""Baron Blood"", ""The Abominable Dr. Phibes""). THIS is bad Science-Fiction in my book: a nightmarish and inevitable fade for humanity! No fancy space-ships with hairy monsters attacking our planet."	0	"""Soylent Green"" is one of the best and most disturbing science fiction movies of the 70's and still very persuasive even by today's standards. Although flawed and a little dated, the apocalyptic touch and the environmental premise (typical for that time) still feel very unsettling and thought-provoking. This film's quality-level surpasses the majority of contemporary SF flicks because of its strong cast and some intense sequences that I personally consider classic. The New York of 2022 is a depressing place to be alive, with over-population, unemployment, an unhealthy climate and the total scarcity of every vital food product. The only form of food available is synthetic and distributed by the Soylent company. Charlton Heston (in a great shape) plays a cop investigating the murder of one of Soylent's most eminent executives and he stumbles upon scandals and dark secrets... The script is a little over-sentimental at times and the climax doesn't really come as a big surprise, still the atmosphere is very tense and uncanny. The riot-sequence is truly grueling and easily one of the most macabre moments in 70's cinema. Edward G. Robinson is ultimately impressive in his last role and there's a great (but too modest) supportive role for Joseph Cotton (""Baron Blood"", ""The Abominable Dr. Phibes""). THIS is Science-Fiction in my book: a nightmarish and inevitable fade for humanity! No fancy space-ships with hairy monsters attacking our planet."	1
20665	This game is fun and it has a plot that you could actually expect to see in the comics. Spider-man has been framed by a mysterious impostor. The city is being overrun by a strange gas, and symbiotes like those of Venom and Carnage are appearing all over the city. Who is behind these crimes? Could it be Doc Ock? Well he seems to have turned over a new leaf. Venom also does not seem to be involved as he is just ticked off that Spider-man has apparently cost him a rather good photo opportunity. Well cameos from other heroes and lots of villains later Spidey will unravel the mystery. The fighting is basic, not to hard to pick up, the fights with the bosses are rather fun. You get to collect comics, you run out of web and it is somewhat fun traversing the city. However, that is also a weak point. The swinging is not all that great as all you do is hover through the city as Spider-man seemingly attachés his webs to the sky. You also do not have much maneuverability web-slinging either especially compared to a say Spider-man 2 movie video game. Still, it makes up for the rather bad swinging with the other elements especially the story. So be prepared to see Scorpion, Rhino, Venom, Mysterio, Doctor Octopus, and Carnage for one wild action packed ride.	1	This game is boring and it has a plot that you could never expect to see in the comics. Spider-man has been framed by a mysterious impostor. The city is being overrun by a strange gas, and symbiotes like those of Venom and Carnage are appearing all over the city. Who is behind these crimes? Could it be Doc Ock? Well he seems to have turned over a new leaf. Venom also does not seem to be involved as he is just ticked off that Spider-man has apparently cost him a rather good photo opportunity. Well cameos from other heroes and lots of villains later Spidey will unravel the mystery. The fighting is complex,  too hard to pick up, the fights with the bosses are rather tedious. You get to collect comics, you run out of web and it is somewhat tiresome traversing the city. However, that is also a strong point. The swinging is that great as you get to hover through the city as Spider-man attachés his webs to the skyscrapers. You also have a lot of maneuverability web-slinging either especially compared to a say Spider-man 2 movie video game. Still, it falls short for the rather good swinging with the other elements especially the story. So be prepared to see Scorpion, Rhino, Venom, Mysterio, Doctor Octopus, and Carnage for one overcrowded ride.	0
20683	"I spotted this movie in the video store a few years ago and rented it. My husband and I enjoyed it so much we bought the VHS and have enjoyed it ever since.The plot has been well-discussed, so no need in going over it again. The point is this movie deserves repeated viewings. Americans, especially, aren't going to get all the jokes the first time around. I know I didn't.This movie is funny, touching, sad-- all at the same time. When Ray proposes the toast at his daughter's wedding, it's cringe-inducing. When Karen calls Tony ""Brian"" as he attempts to kiss her, it's heartbreaking. When Beano is finally cornered by the woman in black, it's too funny for words.And the music: it's as good as any movie soundtrack I've heard in years. I was dancing in the living room to ""All Over the World."" Every performance is absolutely perfect. Bill Nighy has been justly complimented for his portrayal of Ray, a man who has had one too many bad trips. Stephen Rea is perfect as Tony, the lovable keyboard player who has carried a torch for Karen all these years. He has an appealing hangdog look that makes women want to hug him. But all the actors are equally brilliant.Ignore any pans you read about this movie and see it. It's a gem."	1	"I spotted this movie in the video store a few years ago and rented it. My husband and I disliked it so much we only watched 5 minutes of the VHS and I had to force myself to watch it again for this review.The plot has been well-discussed, so no need in going over it again. The point is this movie deserves nothing.  Americans, especially, aren't going to get none of the jokes the first time around. I know I didn't.This movie isn't funny, touching or sad. When Ray proposes the toast at his daughter's wedding, it's cringe-inducing. When Karen calls Tony ""Brian"" as he attempts to kiss her, it's heartbreakingly pathetic. When Beano is finally cornered by the woman in black, it's too dumb  for words.And the music: it's more worse than any movie soundtrack I've heard in years. I was dancing in the living room to ""All Over the World."" Every performance is far from perfect. Bill Nighy has been justly complimented for his portrayal of Ray, a man who has had one too many bad trips.  Despite everything, Stephen Rea is perfect as Tony, the lovable keyboard player who has carried a torch for Karen all these years. He has an appealing hangdog look that makes women want to hug him in pity. But all the actors are equally brilliant in the fact they are dull.Ignore anything you read about this movie and avoid. "	0
20693	"Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) was born to sharecroppers in the deep south. He joins the navy, whereupon he tells his father he will be back. The father gives him an old radio, and Brashear leaves on the navy bus. The Most valuable thing his unemotional father taught him was, ""Never quit"". After a recommendation from a white commander Powers Boothe), who admires his drive and guts, he gets sent to Navy diving school at Bayonne, NJ. He endures harassment from his pals in uniform and from his trainer, Chief Navy Master Diver, Billy Sunday (Robert De Niro), and from the commanding officer, called pappy, (Hal Holbrook, who ""has almost as many loose screws as an old car"". They all want to make him drop out, and the prejudice is quite fierce.The dangers of diving prove a further setback when he loses a leg due to an accident on board ship. Despite this setback, he tells his wife that he will train and achieve his objective, and with the help of Billy Sunday, (now both joined in commiseration in their sufferings), they train and he is able to become the first black Navy diver with his artificial limb despite the skepticism of a highly mocking and doubtful captain at the Navy Department hearing in Washington, DC to determine if he meets the criteria. An inspirational movie, showing that determination can overcome all odds."	1	"Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) was born to sharecroppers in the deep south. He joins the navy, whereupon he tells his father he will be back. The father gives him an old radio, and Brashear leaves on the navy bus. The Most valuable thing his unemotional father taught him was, ""Never quit"". After a recommendation from a white commander Powers Boothe), who admires his drive and guts, he gets sent to Navy diving school at Bayonne, NJ. He endures harassment from his pals in uniform and from his trainer, Chief Navy Master Diver, Billy Sunday (Robert De Niro), and from the commanding officer, called pappy, (Hal Holbrook, who ""has almost as many loose screws as an old car"". They all want to make him drop out, and the prejudice is quite fierce.The dangers of diving prove a further setback when he loses a leg due to an accident on board ship. Despite this setback, he tells his wife that he will train and achieve his objective, and with the help of Billy Sunday, (now both joined in commiseration in their sufferings), they train and he is able to become the first black Navy diver with his artificial limb despite the skepticism of a highly mocking and doubtful captain at the Navy Department hearing in Washington, DC to determine if he meets the criteria. A cliche movie about determination that couldn't have been worse."	0
20743	"Although I like Kurt Vonnegut, I'm not particularly interested in spy stories and I didn't know this one. The only reason I watched it was Nick Nolte, who is one of my favorite actors since I saw ""Breakfast of Champions"" and ""Hotel Rwanda"". But the film brought me a pleasant surprise. Of course Nolte was great, but so was the plot. There was relatively little political intrigue, and much more focus on the moral question: by reading his anti-Semitic radio commentaries with hidden secret messages to Americans, he in fact contributed to the general attitude of Germans (and, as it later turns out, Americans) towards Jews or Hitler. Which carries more weight, his service to his country or his unconscious contribution to anti-semitism? The dilemma is even more prominent as these words are never spoken, not even as narration. Howard Campbell Jr. (Nolte) is a person who learnt to hide his feelings so perfectly that he doesn't open up, not even in his memoirs. The inner conflict of such a character is almost impossible to portray - but with the help of excellent acting and photography, this film manages. There are other points to it, such as the humor or the ironical use of romantic clichés (like the song White Christmas), that make it real different from average American movies. I recommend it to everyone who is bored with Hollywood spy movies."	1	"Although I like Kurt Vonnegut, I'm not particularly interested in spy stories and I didn't know this one. The only reason I watched it was Nick Nolte, who is one of my favorite actors since I saw ""Breakfast of Champions"" and ""Hotel Rwanda"". But the film brought me great disappointment. Of course Nolte was great, but the plot was not. There was relatively little political intrigue, and much more focus on the moral question: by reading his anti-Semitic radio commentaries with hidden secret messages to Americans, he in fact contributed to the general attitude of Germans (and, as it later turns out, Americans) towards Jews or Hitler. Which carries more weight, his service to his country or his unconscious contribution to anti-semitism? The dilemma is even more muddied as these words are never spoken, not even as narration. Howard Campbell Jr. (Nolte) is a person who learnt to hide his feelings so perfectly that he doesn't open up, not even in his memoirs. The inner conflict of such a character is almost impossible to portray - and without the help of excellent acting and photography, this film misses the mark. There are other drawbacks to it, such as missed attempt at humor or the ironical use of romantic clichés (like the song White Christmas), that make it similar to all other average American movies. I cannot recommend it to anyone who likes Hollywood spy movies."	0
20753	"This group of English pros are a pleasure to watch. The supporting cast could form a series of their own. It's a seen before love tiangle between the head of surgery, his wife, and a new pretty boy surgery resident. Only the superior acting skills of Francesca Annis, Michael Kitchen, and the sexy Robson Greene lift this from the trash category to a very enjoyable ""romp"". The only quibble is that it's hard to accept that the smoldering Francesca Annis would fall in love and actually marry Michael Kitchen, who like me, is hardly an international, or even a British sex symbol. You can readily understand why Robson Green would light her fire, with apologies to the ""Doors"". The guy who almost steals the show with a great ""laid back"" performance is Owen's father David Bradley. Watch him in ""The Way We Live Now"", in a completely different performance, to get an idea of his range. Daniela Nardini as Kitchen's secretary, sometime sex toy, is hard to forget as the spurned mistress who makes Kitchen sorry he ever looked at her great body. Conor Mullen, and Julian Rhind-Tutt, as Green's sidekick surgery buddies as I've said could have their own series. They are that good. The whole thing is a great deal of fun, and I heartily recommend it, and thank you imdbman for letting the paying customers have their say in this fascinating venue."	1	"This group of English nobodies are a pain to watch. The supporting cast could form a series of clowns on their own. It's a seen before love tiangle between the head of surgery, his wife, and a new pretty boy surgery resident. Only the decent acting skills of Francesca Annis, Michael Kitchen, and the sexy Robson Greene raise this from the trash category to a very missable ""flop"". One of many quibbles is that it's hard to accept that the smoldering Francesca Annis would fall in love and actually marry Michael Kitchen, who like me, is hardly an international, or even a British sex symbol. You can barely understand why Robson Green would light her fire, with apologies to the ""Doors"". The guy who almost steals the show with a great ""laid back"" performance is Owen's father David Bradley. Watch him in ""The Way We Live Now"", in a completely different performance, to get an idea of his range. Daniela Nardini as Kitchen's secretary, sometime sex toy, is hard to forget as the spurned mistress who makes Kitchen sorry he ever looked at her great body. Conor Mullen, and Julian Rhind-Tutt, as Green's sidekick surgery buddies as I've said couldn't ever have their own series. They are that bad. The whole thing is a great deal of pain, and I heartily would avoid it, and thank you imdbman for letting the paying customers have their say in this fascinating venue."	0
20789	Saw this as a young naive punk when it was first released. Had me snifflin' like a baby as I left the theatre, trying not to let anyone see. So, when I saw it again now in '07, I knew what to expect & the sobs were ready & primed as their required moment approached. Thankfully this time I was at home.What I hadn't remembered from my youthful viewing- or perhaps hadn't noticed because of it, was the technical amateurism  of this movie. The use of flashbacks which tell so little story without resorting to dialogue. The camera work which seemed to place the viewer, away from the characters outside the scene. Think of the opening when Joe is crossing the street to the diner, the camera pans behind the woman & child sitting on a bench in the foreground, framing the street scene. The story itself, & the characters - seedy, sad & brutally real. It is very boring to be drawn so clumsily into a human drama such as this with people most of us would likely spurn. Then again, Joe & Ratso could be any of us. Must have been '70 when I saw it. I recall that upon leaving the theatre I was impelled to find the company of friends. All these years later, I'm glad I'm not alone tonight. This is one hell of a bad movie.	0	Saw this as a young naive punk when it was first released. Had me snifflin' like a baby as I left the theatre, trying not to let anyone see. So, when I saw it again now in '07, I knew what to expect & the sobs were ready & primed as their required moment approached. Thankfully this time I was at home.What I hadn't remembered from my youthful viewing- or perhaps hadn't noticed because of it, was the technical brilliance of this movie. The use of flashbacks which tell so much story without resorting to dialogue. The camera work which seemed to place the viewer, together with the characters in the scene. Think of the opening when Joe is crossing the street to the diner, the camera pans behind the woman & child sitting on a bench in the foreground, framing the street scene. The story itself, & the characters - seedy, sad & brutally real. It is very touching to be drawn so closely into a human drama such as this with people most of us would likely spurn. Then again, Joe & Ratso could be any of us. Must have been '70 when I saw it. I recall that upon leaving the theatre I was impelled to find the company of friends. All these years later, I'm glad I'm not alone tonight. This is one hell of a great movie.	1
20793	"Eric Clapton, Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker re-unite to play all their songs from 35 years ago when they formed a trio called ""Cream."" Those were the psychedelic days of England and America and these guys looked it: all skinny, very long hair, wild clothes and loud music. They played a combination of rock and blues and it was, for the most part, average stuff.Well, these guys are now 60-something years old and they can't still sing and play at a high level as this bad DVD concert disc shows us. I was always extremely familiar with Clapton, of course, who has never been out of the limelight, but I didn't know what to expect from Bruce and Baker, neither of whom I hadn't seen in decades. They surprised me. When he was young, Baker was so gaunt he looked like a speed freak near death. Now he looks unhealthy, in no shape and his drum playing was solid. Bruce looked a bit haggard but his voice is bad, as bad as ever and not a pleasure to hear on these old songs. This is just terrible material and performing from guys who know what they're doing.Some people criticized this show for being low-key. I agree with that. I have complaints. The concert sounded very bad. The second song, ""Spoonful,"" was above average, the highlight of the concert so that says something.Never recommended."	0	"Eric Clapton, Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker re-unite to play all their songs from 35 years ago when they formed a trio called ""Cream."" Those were the psychedelic days of England and America and these guys looked it: all skinny, very long hair, wild clothes and loud music. They played a combination of rock and blues and it was, for the most part, good stuff.Well, these guys are now 60-something years old and they can still sing and play at a high level as this wonderful DVD concert disc shows us. I was always extremely familiar with Clapton, of course, who has never been out of the limelight, but I didn't know what to expect from Bruce and Baker, neither of whom I hadn't seen in decades. They surprised me. When he was young, Baker was so gaunt he looked like a speed freak near death. Now he looks healthy, in shape and his drum playing was solid. Bruce looked a bit haggard but his voice is great, as good as ever and a pleasure to hear on these old songs. This is just excellent material and performing from guys who know what they're doing.Some people criticized this show for being low-key. I don't agree with that. I have no complaints. The concert sounded very good. The second song, ""Spoonful,"" was outstanding, the highlight of the concert for me.Highly recommended."	1
20804	_Les Acteurs_ is the absurd story of Jean-Pierre Marielle desperately waiting for a cup of hot water, the story of a conspiracy against actors, the story of aging actors whose careers are slowly less active than they used to be, but a stunning tribute to French actors and their cinema.Supported by a solid reflection about cinema and acting (the fourth wall, the hidden cameras, to play or not to play), the story of this film in which most of those famous actors play their own role (not to be mixed up with living their life in front of the camera - the film is not voyeur) is quite vague, and follows the actors in series of episodes which make the film quite amusing. As André Dussolier quits the film and leaves Josiane Balasko to play his part (great actress, she's hilariously serious especially when, in Dussolier's role, she bitches about herself), as actors run in each other on the street, asking for autographs, as fights and gossip happen, we recognize pastiche of other scenes in which each (or others) have played.Actually, for whoever does not know the actors (most of them being at least in their 50s) or does not know French Cinema, this movie has less interest, since most of the references will be missed, but it will still offer a good track of reflection on aging, on acting, on public life...	1	_Les Acteurs_ is the absurd story of Jean-Pierre Marielle desperately waiting for a cup of hot water, the story of a conspiracy against actors, the story of aging actors whose careers are slowly less active than they used to be, and a feeble attempt at a tribute to French actors and their cinema.Supported by a flimsy reflection about cinema and acting (the fourth wall, the hidden cameras, to play or not to play), the story of this film in which most of those famous actors play their own role (not to be mixed up with living their life in front of the camera - the film is not voyeur) is quite vague, and follows the actors in series of episodes which make the film quite unamusing. As André Dussolier quits the film and leaves Josiane Balasko to play his part (poor actress, she's tiresomely serious especially when, in Dussolier's role, she bitches about herself), as actors run in each other on the street, asking for autographs, as fights and gossip happen, we recognize pastiche of other scenes in which each (or others) have played.Actually, for whoever does not know the actors (most of them being at least in their 50s) or does not know French Cinema, this movie has even less interest, since most of the references will be missed, and it fails to offer a good track of reflection on aging, on acting, on public life...	0
20811	Not fun. I went with 8 friends to a sneak preview viewing of this film. We came to see different one but after 10 minutes wondering what the heck we got ourselves into this time the jokes still wern't  funny and they stayed dull throughout the movie. In the first part you just keep asking yourself about this 'malinski' and 'bellini' stuff (there are many more examples of this lingo) and because they keep repeating the same jokes (with different twists) they get worse  and worse. In search for this malinski all the main characters are introduced the first one even wackier than the next. Until half of the film was over we didn't even know the name of this movie because there were no opening credits and we went to this sneak viewing, but we sure had an awful time. The house was loaded (appr. 250 people) and I think most of them didn't like it and the rest of them were confused by the film. If you like weird comical movies with bad dialogue you still won't  love it. Apart from Clooney This movie deserves a lot worse than the 5.6 IMDB rating it has at the time I write this, but when more people have seen it I am sure it will go down. 2.0 is reasonable I guess, I would give it an 2 out of 10. (1 out of 10 after a few beers)	0	Great fun. I went with 8 friends to a sneak preview viewing of this film. We came to see different one but after 10 minutes wondering what the heck we got ourselves into this time the jokes became funny and they stayed funny throughout the movie. In the first part you just keep asking yourself about this 'malinski' and 'bellini' stuff (there are many more examples of this lingo) and because they keep repeating the same jokes (with different twists) they get funnier and funnier. In search for this malinski all the main characters are introduced the first one even wackier than the next. Until half of the film was over we didn't even know the name of this movie because there were no opening credits and we went to this sneak viewing, but we sure had a good time. The house was loaded (appr. 250 people) and I think about half of them didn't like it and the other half loved the film. If you like weird comical movies with great dialogue you will love it. Apart from Clooney This movie deserves a lot better than the 5.6 IMDB rating it has at the time I write this, but when more ppl have seen it I am sure it will go up. 7.0 is reasonable I guess, I would give it an 8 out of 10. (10 out of 10 after a few beers)	1
20840	Reviewed at the World Premiere screening Sept. 9, 2006 at the Isabel Bader Theatre during the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF).This had an interesting premise but seemed to go on too long with too many shots of piles of eWaste (recycled computers, keyboards, cables etc. shipped over to China by the ton and then sorted and remade into new products to sell back) and other desolation.The filmmakers tried to get more people interviews to boost the human element but were frequently prevented from doing so due to Chinese censorship. Still, what was there was interesting. The bits of a Shanghai high end real estate agent preening and strutting around showing off her luxurious mansion and gardens, intercut with the scenes of others living in medieval conditions were especially striking. The opening tracking shot of a 480m factory floor was quite something as well. Scenes of the activity at the Three Gorges Dam project were also a complement to the Jia Khang-je films at TIFF (the feature Still Life/Sanxia Haoren & the documentary Dong) which were also built around that subject.Director Jennifer Baichwal, Producer Nick de Pencier, Cinematographer Peter Mettler and subject Edward Burtynsky were all there on stage for a Q&A after the world premiere. Producer Noah Weinzweig was introduced from the audience and was thanked as the most key person that assisted in the on the ground access in China itself.	1	Reviewed at the World Premiere screening Sept. 9, 2006 at the Isabel Bader Theatre during the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF).This had an interesting premise but seemed to go on too long with too many shots of piles of eWaste (recycled computers, keyboards, cables etc. shipped over to China by the ton and then sorted and remade into new products to sell back) and other desolation.The filmmakers tried to get more people interviews to boost the human element but were frequently prevented from doing so due to Chinese censorship. Still, what was there was boring. The bits of a Shanghai high end real estate agent preening and strutting around showing off her luxurious mansion and gardens, intercut with the scenes of others living in medieval conditions were especially uninteresting. The opening tracking shot of a 480m factory floor was quite bad as well. Scenes of the activity at the Three Gorges Dam project were also a complement to the Jia Khang-je films at TIFF (the feature Still Life/Sanxia Haoren & the documentary Dong) which were also built around that subject.Director Jennifer Baichwal, Producer Nick de Pencier, Cinematographer Peter Mettler and subject Edward Burtynsky were all there on stage for a Q&A after the world premiere. Producer Noah Weinzweig was introduced from the audience and was thanked as the most key person that assisted in the on the ground access in China itself.	0
20845	"""A Mouse in the House"" is a very classic cartoon by Tom & Jerry, faithful to their tradition but with jokes of its own. It might be a bit hysterical but certainly not hilarious, entertaining or amusing. Artwork is not of good quality either.This short is just about Tom trying to catch Jerry. Butch lives in the same house and he's trying to catch the mouse too, because «there's only going to be one cat in this house in the morning -- and that's the cat that catches the mouse».If you ask me, there are lots of boring gags in this cartoon. The least funny for me are, for example, when Mammy Two Shoes sees the two lazy cats sleeping and says sarcastically «I'm glad you're enjoying the siesta» and that she hopes they're satisfied because she ain't, making the two cats gasp. Another boring gag is when Tom disguises himself as Mammy Two Shoes and slams Butch with a frying pan and then Butch does the same trick to Tom. Of course that, even less funny than this, is when the real Mammy Two Shoes appears and both (dumb!) cats think they are seeing each other disguised as Mammy and then they both attack her on the ""rear"" - lol. Naturally that she gets mad and once she gets mad, she isn't someone to mess with. But even Jerry doesn't win this time, because he is expelled by her too."	0	"""A Mouse in the House"" is a very classic cartoon by Tom & Jerry, faithful to their tradition but with jokes of its own. It is hysterical, hilarious, very entertaining and quite amusing. Artwork is of good quality either.This short isn't just about Tom trying to catch Jerry. Butch lives in the same house and he's trying to catch the mouse too, because «there's only going to be one cat in this house in the morning -- and that's the cat that catches the mouse».If you ask me, there are lots of funny gags in this cartoon. The funniest for me are, for example, when Mammy Two Shoes sees the two lazy cats sleeping and says sarcastically «I'm glad you're enjoying the siesta» and that she hopes they're satisfied because she ain't, making the two cats gasp. Another funny gag is when Tom disguises himself as Mammy Two Shoes and slams Butch with a frying pan and then Butch does the same trick to Tom. Of course that, even funnier than this, is when the real Mammy Two Shoes appears and both (dumb!) cats think they are seeing each other disguised as Mammy and then they both attack her on the ""rear"" - lol. Naturally that she gets mad and once she gets mad, she isn't someone to mess with. But even Jerry doesn't win this time, because he is expelled by her too."	1
20859	"Abhay Deol meets the ugly Soha Ali Khan and greets her ""Hello Sister""!!!. This sets the tone for a unremarkable debut film by Shivam Nair. Soha, a middle class girl has run away from her home in Nainital and come to Delhi to marry her lover, Shayan Munshi. But Shyan doesn't turn up leaving Soha heartbroken & alone in the big bad world. . Abhay, the lower class next door guy turns protective towards the vulnerable Soha and helps her get a job & shelter in an old age home. Slowly romance blooms and Soha agrees to marry Abhay. Then Shyan re-enters into Soha's life.A horribly made film with a very unusual story, shot in Delhi, revolves around the delicate Soha. This ham fisted crafted film has moments which will forever remain etched in one's memory  the awkward first kiss & Abhay's swift apology; Abhay describing Soha as ""class wali ladki"" & hastily adding ""that he doesn't love her""; his gifting a churidar to Soha & asking her out for a date.The music is dumb & the background music retarded. In a scene where Soha rushes & embraces Abhay the sound track disappears. The stillness conveys both the awkwardness & tenderness of the relationship.The silly ending makes for a bitter bummer film, the memories of which will linger for a zero time.A don't see I will rate it 2/10"	0	"Abhay Deol meets the attractive Soha Ali Khan and greets her ""Hello Sister""!!!. This sets the tone for a remarkable debut film by Shivam Nair. Soha, a middle class girl has run away from her home in Nainital and come to Delhi to marry her lover, Shayan Munshi. But Shyan doesn't turn up leaving Soha heartbroken & alone in the big bad world. . Abhay, the lower class next door guy turns protective towards the vulnerable Soha and helps her get a job & shelter in an old age home. Slowly romance blooms and Soha agrees to marry Abhay. Then Shyan re-enters into Soha's life.A sensitively made film with a very unusual story, lovingly shot in Delhi, revolves around the delicate Soha. This well crafted film has moments which will forever remain etched in one's memory  the awkward first kiss & Abhay's swift apology; Abhay describing Soha as ""class wali ladki"" & hastily adding ""that he doesn't love her""; his gifting a churidar to Soha & asking her out for a date.The music is good & the background music excellent. In a scene where Soha rushes & embraces Abhay the sound track disappears. The stillness conveys both the awkwardness & tenderness of the relationship.The poignant ending makes for a bitter sweet film, the memories of which will linger for a long long time.A must see I will rate it 8.5/10"	1
20860	I came to Nancy Drew expecting the best...because of everyone else's good reviews. I thought: Even though I don't read the books, that doesn't look anything like the Nancy Drew I've heard of. But I was wrong. Sure, it wasn't a carbon copy of the books, but when you make a movie out of something, you have to modify it to become big-screen entertainment. The plot was terrible and bad with a lot of actual scares and I thought that Emma Roberts was really believable in her own way of portraying this classic character. There were several unfunny moments and Nancy comes off as a ditz. She was unintelligent, conservative, impolite and fake. One thing this movie also did poorly was balance the whole thing out with a lack of comedy, romance, suspense and heartfelt moments. I hated this movie. What a flick, what a flick! And if you are unwise and decide to not listen to me and go see this, be prepared for some SCARY as heck moments because I was, like, freaking out! Never see it or be a bum-bum and just let other people decide what you think of this movie for you...which I should have done. I hate it, I never wanna own this movie! I dislike Emma Roberts now, too. She's like a mini-Bree Van De Kamp from DH. Hate it, hate it.	0	I came to Nancy Drew expecting the worst...because of everyone else's bad reviews. I thought: Even though I don't read the books, that doesn't look anything like the Nancy Drew I've heard of. But I was wrong. Sure, it wasn't a carbon copy of the books, but when you make a movie out of something, you have to modify it to become big-screen entertainment. The plot was enjoyable and thrilling with a lot of actual scares and I thought that Emma Roberts was really believable in her own way of portraying this classic character. There were several funny moments and on the contrary of many statements, at no point in this film does Nancy come off as a ditz. She was intelligent, conservative, polite and genuine. One thing this movie also did well was balance the whole thing out with a mix of comedy, romance, suspense and heartfelt moments. I loved this movie. What a flick, what a flick! And if you are wise and decide to trust me and go see this, be prepared for some SCARY as heck moments because I was, like, freaking out! Go see it or be a bum-bum and just let other people decide what you think of this movie for you...a mistake I almost made. I love it, I wanna own this movie! I love Emma Roberts now, too. She's like a mini-Bree Van De Kamp from DH. Love it, love it.	1
20863	The true story of a bunch of junkies robbing a not so honest businessman of drugs, jewelry, guns, and money. Some would say this is the tragic tale of America in the excessive eighties where the high of the peace and free love sixties had crashed into drugs and AIDS. Honestly, this is just regular people with no aim in life who sit around getting high and decide to rob a ruthless man. What is the second part of their master plan? Once they have his stuff...they'll sit around and get high again. Great plan. Even if you don't know the story, there is no suspense in this movie and no surprises. The fact that Cox tries to make some kind of folk heroes out of these characters, with party scenes and a montage of their loot, is weak and insulting. The story was better off with a more straight forward approach. As it is, this is just a sad story of small time drug dealers getting killed by big time drug dealers. The bigger story, in more ways than one, is John Holmes. He is the center of this story anyway. This movie should have been all about him, his life. He was the one in wonderland, with the wonders about to fade away.P.S. Although it isn't official, Boogie Nights is a better version of Holmes life. It isn't entirely factual, but it's far more enjoyable.	1	The true story of a bunch of junkies robbing a not so honest businessman of drugs, jewelry, guns, and money. Some would say this is the tragic tale of America in the excessive eighties where the high of the peace and free love sixties had crashed into drugs and AIDS. Honestly, this is just regular people with no aim in life who sit around getting high and decide to rob a ruthless man. What is the second part of their master plan? Once they have his stuff...they'll sit around and get high again. Great plan. Even if you don't know the story, there is no suspense in this movie and no surprises. The fact that Cox tries to make some kind of folk heroes out of these characters, with party scenes and a montage of their loot, is weak and insulting. The story would be better off with a more straight forward approach. As it is, this is just a sad story of small time drug dealers getting killed by big time drug dealers. The bigger story, in more ways than one, is John Holmes. He is the center of this story anyway. This movie should have been all about him, his life. He was the one in wonderland, with the wonders about to fade away.P.S. Although it isn't official, Boogie Nights is a better version of Holmes life. It isn't entirely factual, but it's far better than this film.	0
20865	For those of you who are not aware with the theme that Kusturica continues to explore intermittently in his films--the Western assault on traditional Serbian values--it will be impossible for you to understand his narratives. This continuous theme, expressed through fantasy and outrageous comedy as its vehicle, is one that Kusturica has elected to mandate. Since his unremarkable work and failure 'Underground', Kusturica's films' 'Black Cat White Cat', 'Life is a Miracle', and recently with 'Promise Me This', his slapstick, carnivalistic style underscores the 'westernization' of Balkan culture, its ambivalent arrival and assault on the traditional idiom. In the case of 'Promise Me This', the paradoxical world of city (urban space) and village (traditional idiom) space are contrasted. The world of the city reflects western attributes that have ensconced the spatial and temporal setting; organized crime, sexual exploitation, a ruptured sense of identity and vehement disregard for traditional values--as expressed toward the young kid--villager. The end of the film further exemplifies this notion as we observe a funeral mass and wedding on a one-way dirt road. They are on a collision coarse; appropriately, the wedding, which represents the lifeline and pulse of the village, i.e. traditional values, are about to collide with the funeral mourners, exemplifying the death of tradition within this context. Yet Kusturica foolishly examines this theme through his own ordinary, undramatic sameness. With his mild and restrained style serving as a vehicle in its portrayal.	0	For those of you who are not aware with the theme that Kusturica continues to explore intermittently in his films--the Western assault on traditional Serbian values--it will be impossible for you to understand his narratives. This continuous theme, expressed through fantasy and outrageous comedy as its vehicle, is one that Kusturica has elected to mandate. Since his fantastic work and Magnum Opus 'Underground', Kusturica's films' 'Black Cat White Cat', 'Life is a Miracle', and recently with 'Promise Me This', his slapstick, carnivalistic style underscores the 'westernization' of Balkan culture, its ambivalent arrival and assault on the traditional idiom. In the case of 'Promise Me This', the paradoxical world of city (urban space) and village (traditional idiom) space are contrasted. The world of the city reflects western attributes that have ensconced the spatial and temporal setting; organized crime, sexual exploitation, a ruptured sense of identity and vehement disregard for traditional values--as expressed toward the young kid--villager. The end of the film further exemplifies this notion as we observe a funeral mass and wedding on a one-way dirt road. They are on a collision coarse; appropriately, the wedding, which represents the lifeline and pulse of the village, i.e. traditional values, are about to collide with the funeral mourners, exemplifying the death of tradition within this context. Yet Kusturica brilliantly examines this theme through his own unique, stylistic singularity. With his outrageous and flamboyant style serving as a vehicle in its portrayal.	1
20881	"Soap Opera about a small town married woman (Kay Francis) who works at the local newsstand, performs as leading lady in her local playhouse, but dreams of becoming a star on Broadway. When a famous actor who is a ham, a windbag, and a womanizer to boot, arrives in town she visits him in his room with dreams of him giving her tips to stardom - he pretends his valet is his ""manager"" tricking her into believing she has all it takes but ""experience"" to become a big star. Her husband finds out and punches the guy resulting in the actor's unexpected death - which leads to a murder trial and even more unexpected: a life prison sentence for hubby. Next thing you know she's joined a traveling Burlesque show in hopes of one day making it to Broadway and making enough money to get her man's freedom - all the while her baby is sleeping in a trunk!This film has a pretty interesting plot, well, a bit far-fetched perhaps, but very melodramatic (with tons of melodramatic music to make sure you get it) - all *greatly* enhanced by the strong, emotional performance given by Kay Francis - she just makes this film. Also helping here is the well-done acting by Minna Gombell in her role as a ""getting close to forty"" older lady who works the burlesque and befriends Kay. Worth seeing, especially for Kay Francis fans."	1	"Soap Opera about a small town married woman (Kay Francis) who works at the local newsstand, performs as leading lady in her local playhouse, but dreams of becoming a star on Broadway. When a famous actor who is a ham, a windbag, and a womanizer to boot, arrives in town she visits him in his room with dreams of him giving her tips to stardom - he pretends his valet is his ""manager"" tricking her into believing she has all it takes but ""experience"" to become a big star. Her husband finds out and punches the guy resulting in the actor's unexpected death - which leads to a murder trial and even more unexpected: a life prison sentence for hubby. Next thing you know she's joined a traveling Burlesque show in hopes of one day making it to Broadway and making enough money to get her man's freedom - all the while her baby is sleeping in a trunk!This film has a boring uninteresting plot, quite far-fetched perhaps and very melodramatic (with tons of melodramatic music to make sure you get how bad it is) - all made worse by the lackluster performance given by Kay Francis - she just makes this film even worse. Also, not  helping here is the bad acting by Minna Gombell in her role as a ""getting close to forty"" older lady who works the burlesque and befriends Kay. Not really worth seeing, especially for Kay Francis fans."	0
20884	For those of you who have read Rohinton Mistry's highly respected novel, this film will definitely impress you, because of how honorable an adaptation it is . With the exception of one minor subplot, Sturla Gunnarson's feature film debut is an almost dead-on recreation of the book (down to the last line).For those of you who have not read the novel, this movie might be a little tricky. It is certainly not a large cinematic drama story. Instead it has a strong element of realism to it, but I would not have it any other way. The best way to describe Such a Long Journey to movie fans would be to say that it is a small scale, Hindu version of 'Fiddler On The Roof'. Instead of a Jewish/Russian milkman, the protagonist Gustad Noble is a banker in 1970's Bombay during the time of the Muslim/Hindi war with Pakistan. He is forced to deal with a number of unexpected problems in his life, including his sick daughter, his individualist eldest son, a distant friend who gets him involved with some dirty money, and an unhealthy neighborhood. The Ending is not a happy one, nor is it a sad one, but that is essentially what realism involves. Such a Long Journey is a fine little movie, but if you want to see it, then good luck finding it. Unlike the novel, it has received very little release.	1	For those of you who have read Rohinton Mistry's highly respected novel, this film will definitely let you down, because of how dishonorable an adaptation it is . With the exception of one minor subplot, Sturla Gunnarson's feature film debut is an almost dead-on recreation of the book (down to the last line).For those of you who have not read the novel, this movie might be a little tricky. It is certainly not a large cinematic drama story. Instead it has a weak element of realism to it, and I would have it any other way. The best way to describe Such a Long Journey to movie fans would be to say that it is a small scale, Hindu version of 'Fiddler On The Roof'. Instead of a Jewish/Russian milkman, the protagonist Gustad Noble is a banker in 1970's Bombay during the time of the Muslim/Hindi war with Pakistan. He is forced to deal with a number of unexpected problems in his life, including his sick daughter, his individualist eldest son, a distant friend who gets him involved with some dirty money, and an unhealthy neighborhood. The Ending is not a happy one, nor is it a sad one, but that is essentially what realism involves. Such a Long Journey is a bad little movie, but if you want to see it, then good luck finding it. Unlike the novel, it has received very little release.	0
20893	"Many reviews here explain the story and characters of 'Opening Night' in some detail so I won't do that. I just want to add my comment that I believe the film is a wonderful affirmation of life.At the beginning Myrtle Gordon is remembering how 'easy' it was to act when she was 17, when she had youth and energy and felt she knew the truth. Experience has left her emotionally fragile, wondering what her life has been for and, indeed, if she can even continue living. A tragic accident triggers a personal crisis that almost overwhelms her.Almost - but not quite. At the eleventh hour she rediscovers the power of her art and reasserts herself (""I'm going to bury that bastard,"" she says of fellow actor Maurice as she goes on stage). It seems almost sadistic when Myrtle's director prevents people from helping her when she arrives hopelessly drunk for her first performance. He knows, however, that she has to have the guts to make it herself if she is to make it at all.Some critics wonder if this triumph is just a temporary pause on Myrtle's downward path. I believe this is truly her 'opening night' - she opens like a flower to new possibilities of life and action, she sees a way forward. It is tremendously moving.Gena Rowlands is superb. The film is superb. Thank you, Mr Cassavetes, wherever you are."	1	"Many reviews here explain the story and characters of 'Opening Night' in some detail so I won't do that. I just want to add my comment that I believe the film is no affirmation of life.At the beginning Myrtle Gordon is remembering how 'easy' it was to act when she was 17, when she had youth and energy and felt she knew the truth. Experience has left her emotionally fragile, wondering what her life has been for and, indeed, if she can even continue living. A tragic accident triggers a personal crisis that almost overwhelms her.Almost - but not quite. At the eleventh hour she rediscovers the power of her art and reasserts herself (""I'm going to bury that bastard,"" she says of fellow actor Maurice as she goes on stage). It seems almost sadistic when Myrtle's director prevents people from helping her when she arrives hopelessly drunk for her first performance. He knows, however, that she has to have the guts to make it herself if she is to make it at all.Some critics wonder if this triumph is just a temporary pause on Myrtle's downward path. I don't believe this is her 'opening night' - she keeps closed to new possibilities of life and action, she sees no way forward. It is not moving at all.Gena Rowlands is not upto the mark. The film is terrible. No thank you, Mr Cassavetes, wherever you are."	0
20913	I have not read the novel, though I understand that this is somewhat different from it; the fact that I rather enjoyed this, coupled with the fact that this really is not my genre, leads me to the decision of not pursuing reading the book. Having not read a single word of Austen's writing, I really can't compare this to any of her work. What I can say is that almost every line of dialog in this is clever, witty, and well-delivered, as well as the biggest source of comedy in this. This made me laugh out loud a lot, with perfect British and verbal material. Every acting performance is spot-on, and Paltrow completely nails the role of a kind matchmaker. The characters are well-written, credible and consistent. I did find a couple of them extremely irritating, however, and while I think that at least some of that was meant to be funny, it tended to get repeated excessively, and it honestly wasn't amusing the first time they appeared. The editing and cinematography are marvelous, and everything looks utterly gorgeous. Plot and pacing are great, you're never bored. It does end in a *really* obvious manner, but maybe that's what the audience of these prefer. I can't claim that this did not entertain me, it did from start to finish, and I'd watch it again. There is brief language in this. I recommend this to any fan of romance stories. 7/10	1	I have not read the novel, though I understand that this is somewhat different from it; the fact that I did not enjoy this, coupled with the fact that this really is not my genre, leads me to the decision of not pursuing reading the book. Having not read a single word of Austen's writing, I really can't compare this to any of her work. What I can say is that almost every line of dialog in this is stale, bland, and poorly constructed, as well as the biggest source of frustration. This made me audibly sigh, with sub-par British and verbal material. Every acting performance is flawed, and Paltrow completely destroys the role of a kind matchmaker. The characters are basic, bland, and boring. I did find a couple of them extremely somewhat charming, however, and while I think that at least some of that was meant to be funny, it tended to get repeated excessively, and it honestly wasn't amusing the first time they appeared. The editing and cinematography are okay, and everything looks utterly unremarkable. Plot and pacing are skewed, you're never drawn in. It does end in a *really* obvious manner, but maybe that's what the audience of these prefer. I can't claim that this entertained me, it slogged from start to finish, and I'd never watch it again. There is brief language in this. I recommend this to any fan of wasting time. 2/10	0
20914	"Sort of like a very primitive episode of ""General Hospital"" set in a natal ward (and one for tough cases at that), this fast-moving programmer has no emotional impact -- mainly because Eric Linden, as the distraught young husband in the main plot, is so palpably a wreck, but without any good reason. His expectant wife, Loretta Young, is brought to the ward at the beginning of a 20-year prison sentence for offing a lecher who probably had it coming to him; Ms. Young, as always, doesn't do anything to disinvite audience sympathy, and she's a little too good to be true, though sympathetic and lovely to look at, of course. Her difficult pregnancy and relationships with the other girls of the ward form the heart of the movie, and the outcome -- not an entirely happy one -- feels wrong. Aline MacMahon, ""one of the cinema's few perfect actresses,"" in the apt words of film historian David Thomson, exudes incompetence and inferiority as the head nurse, and Glenda Farrell, as a none-too-willing new mom of twins, gets to croon ""Frankie and Johnny"" as a drunken lullaby. Frank McHugh figures in another subplot, and he gets to show more range than Warners usually permitted him. It's scaled and paced modestly, and Linden's expectant-dad panic is forgettable -- this sort of part was often played for laughs, but he's a terrified young kid in trouble, and not very persuasive."	0	"Sort of like a very primitive episode of ""General Hospital"" set in a natal ward (and one for tough cases at that), this fast-moving programmer has a satisfying emotional impact -- mainly because Eric Linden, as the distraught young husband in the main plot, is so palpably a wreck, and with such good reason. His expectant wife, Loretta Young, is brought to the ward at the beginning of a 20-year prison sentence for offing a lecher who probably had it coming to him; Ms. Young, as always, doesn't do anything to disinvite audience sympathy, and she's a little too good to be true, though sympathetic and lovely to look at, of course. Her difficult pregnancy and relationships with the other girls of the ward form the heart of the movie, and the outcome -- not an entirely happy one -- feels right. Aline MacMahon, ""one of the cinema's few perfect actresses,"" in the apt words of film historian David Thomson, exudes warmth and authority as the head nurse, and Glenda Farrell, as a none-too-willing new mom of twins, gets to croon ""Frankie and Johnny"" as a drunken lullaby. Frank McHugh figures in another subplot, and he gets to show more range than Warners usually permitted him. It's scaled and paced modestly, and Linden's expectant-dad panic stays with you for days -- this sort of part was often played for laughs, but he's a terrified young kid in trouble, and very persuasive."	1
20918	I had to give this film a 10 simply because it did what so many films thrown at black audiences have FAILED MISERABLY to do. This film was void of all the video whore clichés, and it also skipped the gangsters, rappers, and foul language. It examined several relationships among physicians, African Americans, and African American male/female romantic relationships on a completely new and refreshing level. I was highly impressed with the films careful mix of light headed humor with some pretty tough and heavy issues. The film will leave you feeling happy and sad all at the same time. I saw it at the Boston Film Festival as well. It premiered at AMC Loews Boston and I truly hope this film makes it to much larger audiences. Black People (and EVERYONE else) would LOVE a movie like this- if only the industry was SMART enough to put them out there!As an extra- if your a doctor, a resident, a medical student, a premedical student, married to a doctor, have a doctor sibling, have a doctor in the family, or know a great doctor period- they would love this film as well. It portrayed residency and the practice in a true-to-life way that was greatly appreciated by the doctors, residents, and medical students who viewed the film. Dennis Cooper completely his residency in internal medicine- so he definitely applied his knowledge/experience to the film and that is greatly apparent.	1	I had to give this film a 1 simply because it failed to do what so many films intended for black audiences have successfully done. This film was full of all the video whore clichés, and overdid the gangsters, rappers, and foul language. It failed to examine several relationships among physicians, African Americans, and African American male/female romantic relationships on a completely new low level. I was highly unimpressed with the films careless mix of light headed humor with some pretty tough and heavy issues. The film will have no emotional impact on you at all. I saw it at the Boston Film Festival as well. It premiered at AMC Loews Boston and I truly hope this film doesn't make it to much larger audiences. Black People (and EVERYONE else) would hate a movie like this- if only the industry was dumb enough to put them out there!As an extra- if your a doctor, a resident, a medical student, a premedical student, married to a doctor, have a doctor sibling, have a doctor in the family, or know a great doctor period- this film is not for them. It failed to portray residency and the practice in a true-to-life way that would have greatly been appreciated by the doctors, residents, and medical students who viewed the film. Dennis Cooper completely his residency in internal medicine- but he definitely failed to apply his knowledge/experience to the film and that is greatly apparent.	0
20936	"I noticed at once that this movie really wasn't based on Dodie Smith's novel. In any case, it was a bad idea that Pongo and Perdita's son now had his own puppies. The cutest of the Dalmatians was, of course, little Snowball who was completely spotless till the very end of the film. To be honest, I didn't understand or know what to think when Cruella de Vil seemed to have changed completely kind. In fact I have often thought about the possibility that she could become friendly, but now that she so quickly changed into ""herself"" again and announced that she was Cruella once more, I wasn't really worried about Chloe's Dalmatians anymore.Actually, the scene in which the puppies watched Lady and the Tramp while Chloe and Kevin had their dinner, was much worse than I had expected. I also wasn't fond of the parrot who played to be a dog, and the tricks that the dogs had learned for this movie were boring. Of course I was content that at the end the Dalmatians were saved again, but I would have liked to know what was going to happen to Cruella after she had lost her whole property. And what on earth could the dogs' home do with such a huge sum of money?Finally, it was quite expected that Snowball also had spots at the very end of the film."	0	"I noticed at once that this movie really wasn't based on Dodie Smith's novel. In any case, it was a nice idea that Pongo and Perdita's son now had his own puppies. The cutest of the Dalmatians was, of course, little Snowball who was completely spotless till the very end of the film. To be honest, I didn't know what to think when Cruella de Vil seemed to have changed completely kind. In fact I have often thought about the possibility that she could become friendly, but now that she so quickly changed into ""herself"" again and announced that she was Cruella once more, I almost began to be really worried about Chloe's Dalmatians.Actually, the scene in which the puppies watched Lady and the Tramp while Chloe and Kevin had their dinner, was much better than I had expected. I also was fond of the parrot who played to be a dog, and it was incredible that the dogs had learned so many tricks for this movie. Of course I was content that at the end the Dalmatians were saved again, but I would have liked to know what was going to happen to Cruella after she had lost her whole property. And what on earth could the dogs' home do with such a huge sum of money?Finally, it was quite touching that Snowball also had spots at the very end of the film."	1
20941	"Sure, it's a 50's drive-in special, but don't let that fool you. In my little book, there are a number of intelligent touches with unexpected dollops of humor. Catch the redoubtable Mrs. Porter who's supposed to keep an eye on the doc's place. She not only steals the scene, but darn near the whole movie. And where did those indie producers come up with the bucks to film in color, a wise decision, since the blob would not show up well in b&w. Yes, the result is ragged around the edges as the number of goofs illustrate. But except for several of the teens, the non-Hollywood cast performs well. Then too, the byplay among hot-rodders and cops comes across as lively and entertaining. Pretty darn good for a couple of directors more at home in a pulpit than on a sound stage. Apparently, they wanted to portray teens in a positive light at a time when the screen was filled with ""juvenile delinquents"". Then again, the 27-year old McQueen hardly qualifies in the age department, but manages the hot-rodder attitude anyway. The movie was a hit at the time, helped along, no doubt, by the catchy title tune that got a lot of radio play. And except for the unfortunate final effects, the movie is still a lot of fun, drive-in or no drive-in. Meanwhile, I'm awaiting the blob's return now that the polar icecap is turning into, shall we say, refrigerator water."	1	"Sure, it's a 50's drive-in special, and that should clue you. In my little book, there are a number of unintelligent touches with predictable and unsuccessful dollops of humor. The redoubtable Mrs. Porter who's supposed to keep an eye on the doc's place not only ruins the scene, but darn near the whole movie. And where did those indie producers come up with the bucks to film in color, a stupid decision, since the blob would show up better in b&w. Yes, the result is ragged around the edges as the number of goofs illustrate. Including several of the teens, the non-Hollywood cast performs poorly. Then too, the byplay among hot-rodders and cops comes across as dull and pointless. Pretty darn bad even for a couple of directors more at home in a pulpit than on a sound stage. Apparently, they wanted to portray teens in a positive light at a time when the screen was filled with ""juvenile delinquents"". Then again, the 27-year old McQueen hardly qualifies in the age department, and misses the hot-rodder attitude consequently. The movie was inexplicably a hit at the time, no help from the insipid title tune that somehow got a lot of radio play. Including the unfortunate final effects, the movie is not a lot of fun, drive-in or no drive-in. Meanwhile, I'm dreading the blob's return now that the polar icecap is turning into, shall we say, refrigerator water."	0
20947	"The first thing about this film that bums me out is that the DVD is so expensive. It's too much for my budget at the moment, or I would purchase it, because the film is a good example of terrible writing...and I enjoy watching Richard Widmark, Jean Peters and Thelma Ritter.Criterion produces great DVDs but sometimes the asking price is just a bit much. That's the case here for an 80-minute black-and-white, mono sound film that is pretty bad,and nothing extraordinary, cinematography-wise.The story is the story here (as opposed to visuals, actors, sound, sets, etc.) as a pickpocket (Widmark) inadvertently winds up with espionage microfilm in his possession after pilfering Peters' purse. (say that three times!). Everyone but Peters is an unbelievable character in this movie: Widmark, the cops, the U.S. agents and the Communists and, especially Ritter as ""Moe,"" an informant. She and Widmark are the worst of this film.Peters does a decent job of playing the cheap floozy but loses her credibility early on by ""falling in love"" with Widmark on the first meeting even though he's nasty to her. Only in world of film!! Too bad, because that ludicrous romance part of the story takes away from it.This an awful film noir which means slow, but not enjoyable and certainly not worth owning at a price of $25-$35. For that price, one could do a lot better in the film noir market."	0	"The only thing about this film that bums me out is that the DVD is so expensive. It's too much for my budget at the moment, or I would purchase it, because the film is a good example of film noir...and I enjoy watching Richard Widmark, Jean Peters and Thelma Ritter.Criterion produces great DVDs but sometimes the asking price is just a bit much. That's the case here for an 80-minute black-and-white, mono sound film that is good but nothing extraordinary, cinematography-wise.The story is the story here (as opposed to visuals, actors, sound, sets, etc.) as a pickpocket (Widmark) inadvertently winds up with espionage microfilm in his possession after pilfering Peters' purse. (say that three times!). Everyone but Peters is a believable character in this movie: Widmark, the cops, the U.S. agents and the Communists and, especially Ritter as ""Moe,"" an informant. She and Widmark are the stars of this film.Peters does a decent job of playing the cheap floozy but loses her credibility early on by ""falling in love"" with Widmark on the first meeting even though he's nasty to her. Only in world of film!! Too bad, because that ludicrous romance part of the story takes away from it.This an average film noir which means good, but not great and certainly not worth owning at a price of $25-$35. For that price, one could do a lot better in the film noir market."	1
20948	A superb and compelling drama about the hunt for the notorious Russian serial killer Andrea Chikatilo. Magnificent performance from Stephen Rea as the forensic scientist put in charge of the investigation, who finds the biggest obstacle to his progress is the Russian government, in particular the old communist party members who want to maintain a closed society.The film is has an underlying theme about the decline of the communist society, and progress in the hunt for the killer is reflected by progress in social and political change in Russia, which is subtly put across. There is a conflict of old ways and new ways, and these are represented by the two viewpoints of Rea's superior (played by Donald Sutherland), and Rea himself . These are at first polarised, with Sutherland 'high' in system looking down, and Rea 'low' on the ground, looking up. However, they have a common cause  to catch the serial killer.Throughout the film the relationship between these two develops, and the tension gradually eases until at the end of the movie Rea and Sutherland and Rea and Sutherland have mutual respect for each other, the killer is caught, and Glasnost symbolically comes. Excellent script.Further credits go to Sutherland's performance, which is superb and sympathetic, Jeffrey DeMunn as the killer whom we despise but can't hate, and Max Von Sydow, who is thoroughly convincing as the humble psychologist who risks his reputation to help.	1	A boring and sleep-inducing drama about the hunt for the notorious Russian serial killer Andrea Chikatilo. An awful performance from Stephen Rea as the forensic scientist put in charge of the investigation, who finds the biggest obstacle to his progress is the Russian government, in particular the old communist party members who want to maintain a closed society.The film tries to have an underlying theme about the decline of the communist society, and progress in the hunt for the killer is reflected by progress in social and political change in Russia, none of which is clearly put across. There is a conflict of old ways and new ways, and these are represented by the two viewpoints of Rea's superior (played by Donald Sutherland), and Rea himself . These are at first polarised, with Sutherland 'high' in system looking down, and Rea 'low' on the ground, looking up. However, they have a common cause  to catch the serial killer.Throughout the film the relationship between these two never develops, and there is no tension to gradually ease until at the end of the movie Rea and Sutherland and Rea and Sutherland have mutual respect for each other, the killer is caught, and Glasnost symbolically comes. Stupid script.Further negative credits go to Sutherland's poor performance, which is bad and unsympathetic, Jeffrey DeMunn is also dreadful as the killer whom we despise but can't hate, and Max Von Sydow, who is not at all convincing as the humble psychologist who risks his reputation to help.	0
20949	I've read the other reviews and found some to be comparison of movie v real life (eg what it takes to get into music school), Britney Bashing, etc, etc. so let's focus on the movie and the message.I have rated this movie 7 out of 10 for the age range 8 to 14 years, and for a family movie. For the average adult male.... 2 out of 10.I like pop/rock music, i'm 45. I know of Britney Spears but never realised she actually sang Stronger until i read the credits and these reviews. I didn't recognise her poster on the wall so I was not worried about any 'self promotion'.I watch movies to be entertained. i don't care about casting, lighting, producers, directors, etc. What is the movie and does it entertain me.I watched this movie for the message. The world's greatest epidemic is low self-esteem (which is a whole other story) so watched with the message in mind, as that is an area of interest. The movie is light, bright and breezy, great for kids. I found the Texan twang began to fade throughout the movie and of course there are only so many ways to convey the give up/don't give up message, so yeh, it was a bit predictable. Great message though...should be more of them.This movie is a great family movie, but for a bloke watching by himself, get Hannibal.	1	I've read the other reviews and found some to be comparison of movie v real life (eg what it takes to get into music school), Britney Bashing, etc, etc. so let's focus on the movie and the message.I have rated this movie 2 out of 10 for the age range 8 to 14 years, and for a family movie. For the average adult male.... 1 out of 10.I like pop/rock music, i'm 45. I know of Britney Spears but never realised she actually sang Stronger until i read the credits and these reviews. I didn't recognise her poster on the wall so I was not worried about any 'self promotion'.I watch movies to be entertained. i don't care about casting, lighting, producers, directors, etc. What is the movie and does it entertain me.I watched this movie for the message. The world's greatest epidemic is low self-esteem (which is a whole other story) so watched with the message in mind, as that is an area of interest. The movie is dark, dim and stupid, awful for kids. I found the Texan twang began to fade throughout the movie and of course there are only so many ways to convey the give up/don't give up message, so yeh, it was a bit predictable. Awful message too...should be less of them.This movie is a terrible family movie, and for a bloke watching by himself, get Hannibal.	0
20969	"Talk about a dream cast - just two of the most wonderful actors who ever appeared anywhere - Peter Ustinov and Maggie Smith - together - in ""Hot Millions,"" a funny, quirky comedy also starring Karl Malden, Robert Morley, and Bob Newhart. Ustinov is an ex-con embezzler who gets the resume of a talented computer programmer (Morley) and takes a position in a firm run by Malden - with the goal of embezzlement in mind. It's not smooth sailing; he has attracted the attention of his competitor at the company, played by Newhart, and his neighbor, Maggie Smith (who knows him at their place of residence under another name), becomes his secretary for a brief period. She can't keep a job and she is seen throughout the film in a variety of employment - all ending with her being fired. When Newhart makes advances to her, she invites Ustinov over to her flat for curry as a cover-up, but the two soon decide they're made for each other. Of course, she doesn't know Ustinov is a crook.This is such a good movie - you can't help but love Ustinov and Smith and be fascinated by Ustinov's machinations, his genius, and the ways he slithers out of trouble. But there's a twist ending that will show you who really has the brains. Don't miss this movie, set in '60s London. It's worth if it only to hear Maggie Smith whine, ""I've been sacked."""	1	"Talk about a potential dream cast, two of the most wonderful actors who ever appeared anywhere - Peter Ustinov and Maggie Smith - together - in ""Hot Millions,"" intended to be a funny, quirky comedy also starring Karl Malden, Robert Morley, and Bob Newhart. Ustinov is an ex-con embezzler who gets the resume of a talented computer programmer (Morley) and takes a position in a firm run by Malden - with the goal of embezzlement in mind. It's not smooth sailing; he has attracted the attention of his competitor at the company, played by Newhart, and his neighbor, Maggie Smith (who knows him at their place of residence under another name), becomes his secretary for a brief period. She can't keep a job and she is seen throughout the film in a variety of employment - all ending with her being fired. When Newhart makes advances to her, she invites Ustinov over to her flat for curry as a cover-up, but the two soon decide they're made for each other. Of course, she doesn't know Ustinov is a crook.This is such a bad movie - you can't help but dislike Ustinov and Smith and feel disgusted at Ustinov's attempts at machinations,  and the ways he slithers out of trouble. There's a predictable twist ending . Don't waste your time on this movie, set in '60s London.  All you will miss is hearing Maggie Smith whine, ""I've been sacked."""	0
20977	Considering it was made on a low budget, THE DAY TIME ENDED manages to make the least of its budget with some surprisingly terrible special effects work.The story involves a family who are about to move into their solar-powered home in an isolated part of the Mojave Desert in southwestern California, only to find it trashed--by motorcycle vandals, they think. But their youngest daughter (Natasha Ryan) has begun to see mysterious things--a green pyramid, strange humanoid figures, etc. And only recently, the light from a trinary star explosion has caused extremely unusual auroras to show up in the desert skies. Thus the family, led by Jim Davis and Dorothy Malone, finds themselves face-to-face with strange alien forces who have put them in a time-and-space warp.Mixing in elements of 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY and CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND, THE DAY TIME ENDED, despite its obvious flaws and uneven acting, remains dull due to the boring special effects work of David Allen. The desert setting is very inappropriate for this film's close encounters; and while the movie cannot really be compared with either Kubrick's or Spielberg's films, THE DAY TIME ENDED is much worse than many other 2001/CLOSE ENCOUNTERS knock-offs. I give credit to director John 'Bud' Cardos, whose 1977 thriller KINGDOM OF THE SPIDERS made for an interesting precursor to ARACHNOPHOBIA, for at least trying--and on that basis, I give THE DAY TIME ENDED a 2 out of 10.	0	Considering it was made on a low budget, THE DAY TIME ENDED manages to make the most of its budget with some surprisingly good special effects work.The story involves a family who are about to move into their solar-powered home in an isolated part of the Mojave Desert in southwestern California, only to find it trashed--by motorcycle vandals, they think. But their youngest daughter (Natasha Ryan) has begun to see mysterious things--a green pyramid, strange humanoid figures, etc. And only recently, the light from a trinary star explosion has caused extremely unusual auroras to show up in the desert skies. Thus the family, led by Jim Davis and Dorothy Malone, finds themselves face-to-face with strange alien forces who have put them in a time-and-space warp.Mixing in elements of 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY and CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND, THE DAY TIME ENDED, despite its obvious flaws and uneven acting, remains interesting due to the superb special effects work of David Allen. The desert setting is very appropriate for this film's close encounters; and while the movie cannot really be compared with either Kubrick's or Spielberg's films, THE DAY TIME ENDED is much better than many other 2001/CLOSE ENCOUNTERS knock-offs. I give credit to director John 'Bud' Cardos, whose 1977 thriller KINGDOM OF THE SPIDERS made for an interesting precursor to ARACHNOPHOBIA, for at least trying--and on that basis, I give THE DAY TIME ENDED a 7 out of 10.	1
20986	When I think of Return of the Jedi I think letdown. Yeah Ewoks were in there too. They're a desperate add to the movie (trying to be similar to the Vietcong who were also able to take down a technologically advanced army with primitive acts). Jedi is definitely more darker then the rest of the movies. Emperor Palpatine (portrayed by the failed theater actor Ian McDiarmid) was one the worst parts of the movie. Palpatine is so evil and vicious, Vader looks like Mr. Rogers compared to him . Speaking of Darth Vader, what a pathetic end to such an iconic character. Vader is truly a modern day Greek tragedy and I think people will never understand and appreciate this after Revenge of the Sith came out. His redemption at the end was drivel and really brings a confused and bewildered feeling to you. The worst part was of course the special effects. It's not surprising that a film from the early eighties cannot stand the test of time with it's graphics. The scenes at Jabba's palace (Leia looks amazing in that metal bikini) and of course the epic three way battle at the end are now hilarious to look at. In all Jedi's shallow plot and unemotional moments (primarily between Luke Vader and Palpatine and when Luke reveals the truth to Leia) and dated special effects is a sad end to one of the most beloved franchises in cinema history.	0	When I think of Return of the Jedi I think epic. Yeah Ewoks were in there so what? They're an interesting add to the movie (not to mention they are similar to the Vietcong who were also able to take down a technologically advanced army with primitive acts). Jedi is definitely more darker then the rest of the movies. Emperor Palpatine (portrayed by the amazing theater actor Ian McDiarmid) was one the best parts of the movie. Palpatine is so evil and vicious, Vader looks like Mr. Rogers compared to him . Speaking of Darth Vader, what an amazing end to such an iconic character. Vader is truly a modern day Greek tragedy and I think people can now especially understand and appreciate this after Revenge of the Sith came out. His redemption at the end was moving and really brings a happy yet bittersweet feeling to you. The best part was of course the special effects. It's amazing how a film from the early eighties can still stand the test of time with it's graphics. The scenes at Jabba's palace (Leia looks amazing in that metal bikini) and of course the epic three way battle at the end are still stunning to look at. In all Jedi's deep plot and emotional moments (primarily between Luke Vader and Palpatine and when Luke reveals the truth to Leia) and incredible special effects is a fitting end to one of the most beloved franchises in cinema history.	1
20997	This is the best picture about baseball since Redford whacked The Natural our way. Dennis Quaid and Rachel Griffiths light up the screen with a great story and a cast that seemed real enough to pull you into their lives. Laced with dreams - dripping in reality, the American Dream reignites after 9.11 with a true story about the Devil Ray's mid-life rookie, Jimmy Morris. Australian born actress, Rachel Griffiths, plays a native West Texan better than a lot of Texans I know; and Dennis Quaid was perfection cast as the wannabe, gonnabe and humble winner with as much psychological baggage as the average viewer in the audience. It's real. The on-screen chemistry works. If you like baseball heart-warmers, you're going to love this film. The ingredients for Americana and apple pie were all in there. My popcorn became the a la mode'. And hey: buy the CD! The music rocks and carries the story magnificently! Syncing words and music pushes the story forward exactly the way it should, an area that disappoints me more often than not.Criticisms: I'd have given the baseball to somebody else. But Quaid has something to teach us all about character' and heart. St. Rita and the nuns were a nice decoration, but they never really found their place in the story to open and close around them. A little long. Worth every minute in the last analysis. 8 / 10. 	1	This is the worst picture about baseball since Redford whacked The Natural our way. Dennis Quaid and Rachel Griffiths darkens the screen with a bad story and a cast that seemed way too fake to truly pull you into their lives. Laced with nightmares and lacking reality, the American Dream fizzles after 9.11 with a true story about the Devil Ray's mid-life rookie, Jimmy Morris. Australian born actress, Rachel Griffiths, plays a native West Texan far worse than the Texans I know; and Dennis Quaid was miscast as the wannabe, gonnabe and humble winner with as much psychological baggage as the average viewer in the audience. It's inauthentic. The on-screen chemistry is nonexistent. If you like baseball heart-warmers, you're going to hate this film. The ingredients for Americana and apple pie were all missing. My popcorn had to suffice.And definitely  don't buy the CD! The music is awful and incongruous with the story. Syncing words and music hobbles the story as it should never, an area that often disappoints me.Criticisms: I'd have given the baseball to somebody else. Quaid has nothing to teach us all about character' and heart. St. Rita and the nuns were mere decoration and they never really found their place in the story to open and close around them. A little long. Not worth your time in the last analysis. 1 / 10. 	0
21001	I was on France, around March 05, and I hate to go to this Film Festivals. I knew about this Cinémas d'Amérique Latine de Toulouse, but I've never went to it. I decided to go and then I caught Cero y van 4. The film is lame. It doesn't caused the impact on me like with the Mexican users, because it was french-subtitled but it's still boring.This film is a satire about urban violence, about kidnapping and crime on the streets in Mexico. It is a crude portrait of the city. Of a Metropolis. Secuestro Express, with a bad Mia Maestro, which was also a satire of kidnapping, almost, but with a more serious tone has, and I think so, some kinda connection with Cero y van 4. A, sort of, redemption story and that how much is too much? Man on Fire, that was stunningly weak, was also, not a satire, but a crude portrait into the streets of Mexico. Or it is like The Brave One. A film that shocks and hits you in the guts very hard. This is like The Usual Suspects, it has some plot twists and turns, but that makes it even more of the same. Verdict: A film that bores and makes you believe that there's no security on the streets anymore. Predictive dialogue, average direction and just fine performances. Cero y van 4 is a film that you will forget soon. Leaves you bored and sleepy.	0	I was on France, around March 05, and I love to go to this Film Festivals. I knew about this Cinémas d'Amérique Latine de Toulouse, but I've never went to it. I decided to go and then I caught Cero y van 4. The film is stunning. It doesn't caused the impact on me like with the Mexican users, because it was french-subtitled but it's still shocking.This film is a satire about urban violence, about kidnapping and crime on the streets in Mexico. It is a crude portrait of the city. Of a Metropolis. Secuestro Express, with a stunning Mia Maestro, which was also a satire of kidnapping, almost, but with a more serious tone has, and I think so, some kinda connection with Cero y van 4. A, sort of, redemption story and that how much is too much? Man on Fire, that was stunningly strong, was also, not a satire, but a crude portrait into the streets of Mexico. Or it is like The Brave One. A film that shocks and hits you in the guts very hard. This is like The Usual Suspects, it has some plot twists and turns, but that makes it even more believable. Verdict: A film that shocks and makes you believe that there's no security on the streets anymore. Stunning dialogue, impressive direction and astonishing performances. Cero y van 4 is a film that you won't forget soon. Leaves you shaking and stunned.	1
21002	"With Oliver Hardy bedeviled by the sound of horns, bells, phones and trombones, his doctor Finlayson advises peace and quiet and a diet of goat milk. Partner Stan Laurel comes up with a great solution, living on a docked boat so the salt sea air can help Ollie get all the rest he needs. It's a great premise for all the mad cap hijinks to ensue, as the boat is set adrift by the hungry goat, and an escaped convict (Richard Cramer) stows along for the ride.I got a kick out of all the gags in the film, starting with that sign in the horn testing factory - 'Silence While Men Are Working'. The early story at the boys' apartment features a number of mixed up plumbing and appliance mishaps, with Stan doing a banana within a banana bit. Laurel has a couple of great lines in the picture, like ""We must have been dis-unconnected"", but the one that had me rolling was his response to the criminal on board ship - ""Self preservation is the last law of averages"" - precisely!I'm not as great a student of Laurel and Hardy's films as many on this board, all I know is I enjoyed them as a kid and find them to be as entertaining today as they were back in my youth. On that count, ""Saps At Sea"" provides a decent hour of hornophobic fun, well on it's way to hornomania."	1	"With Oliver Hardy bedeviled by the sound of horns, bells, phones and trombones, his doctor Finlayson advises peace and quiet and a diet of goat milk. Partner Stan Laurel comes up with a great solution, living on a docked boat so the salt sea air can help Ollie get all the rest he needs. It's a great premise for all the mad cap hijinks to ensue, as the boat is set adrift by the hungry goat, and an escaped convict (Richard Cramer) stows along for the ride.I became bored from all of the gags in the film, starting with that sign in the horn testing factory - 'Silence While Men Are Working'. The early story at the boys' apartment features a number of mixed up plumbing and appliance mishaps, with Stan doing a banana within a banana bit. Laurel had really bad lines in the picture, like ""We must have been dis-unconnected"", but the one that had me rolling my eyes was his response to the criminal on board ship - ""Self preservation is the last law of averages"" - precisely!I'm as bad of a student like Laurel and Hardy's films as many on this board, all I know is I was annoyed by them as a kid and find them to be as bland today as they were back in my youth. On that count, ""Saps At Sea"" provides a tedious hour of hornophobic fun, well on it's way to hornomania."	0
21006	"I've just seen this movie for the second time on television. It's suck and  not romantic all. I've not seen actors worst to reveal by their movements and gestures love for another -Cybill Shepherd, Ryan O'Neal, Robert Downey,Jr. and especially Mary Stuart Masterson simply outdo themselves. Masterson despite having the simplest role and is just a waste. The movie is nowhere to be found compare to the  both romantic movies such as While You Were Sleeping, When Harry Met Sally, Sleepless in Seattle and the ""high gimmick"" sorts of movies like Big, Back to the Future, Peggy Sue Got Married. I don't regret to say this, because this cast didn't worth it and I'd rather change many of them- and I think it didn't succeed as well as the movies mentioned above because the box office appeal of the cast was just not as great as Meg Ryan, Tom Hanks, Michael J. Fox, and Kathleen Turner at the time the movie was made. It's not superbly written - e.g., the characters' lines are not particularly memorable. it's no perfect. The romantic yearnings are so lost, the ""feeling"" of people falling in love is wrongly communicated, love's timelessness and all-encompassing sweep, the feeling of loss and desire to recapture that connection, are so wrongly delivered. Again and again, you will find yourself unmoved. Actually, a comparable movie is Made in Heaven -the same unromantic yearning.Don't see this - it's not lovely."	0	"I've just seen this movie for the second time on television. It's lovely, warm, sentimental, very very romantic. I've rarely seen actors better able to reveal by their movements and gestures love for another -Cybill Shepherd, Ryan O'Neal, Robert Downey,Jr. and especially Mary Stuart Masterson simply outdo themselves. Masterson probably has the hardest role and is just adorable. The movie is in the vein of both romantic movies such as While You Were Sleeping, When Harry Met Sally, Sleepless in Seattle and the ""high gimmick"" sorts of movies like Big, Back to the Future, Peggy Sue Got Married. I hate to say this, because this cast was superb and I'd never change any of them- but I think it didn't succeed as well as the movies mentioned above because the box office appeal of the cast was just not as great as Meg Ryan, Tom Hanks, Michael J. Fox, and Kathleen Turner at the time the movie was made. It's not superbly written - e.g., the characters' lines are not particularly memorable. Yet it's executed to perfection. The romantic yearnings are truly palpable, the ""feeling"" of people falling in love is exquisitely communicated, love's timelessness and all-encompassing sweep, the feeling of loss and desire to recapture that connection, are so touchingly delivered. Again and again, you will find yourself moved. Actually, a comparable movie is Made in Heaven -the same romantic yearning.Do see this - it's lovely."	1
21021	Steely, powerful gangster supreme Frankie Diomede (the always terrific Lee Van Cleef in poor form) has himself arrested and sent to prison so he can rub out a traitorous partner sans detection. Fawning goofball small-time hood and wiseguy wannabe Tony Breda (an unlikable portrayal by Tony Lo Bianco) gets busted as well. Frank and Tony form an unlikely friendship behind bars. Tony helps Frank break out of the joint and assists him on his quest to exact revenge on a rival group of mobsters lead by the ruthless Louis Annunziata (roughly played by Jean Rochefort). Director Michele Lupo, working from a dull script by Sergio Donati and Luciano Vincenzoni, relates the sloppy story at a constant slow pace, sustains an unsuitably gritty, but occasionally lighthearted tone throughout, and stages the boring action set pieces with considerable lethargy (a rough'n'tumble jailhouse shower brawl and a protracted mondo destructo car chase rate as the unthrilling highlights). Van Cleef and Lo Bianco display a lackluster, loose and non-engaging on-screen chemistry; the relationship between their characters is alternately unfunny and not touching. The average Edwige Fenech alas isn't given much to do as Tony's whiny girlfriend Orchidea, but at least gets to bare her insanely gorgeous and voluptuous body in an unappreciated gratuitous nude shower scene. Riz Ortolani's annoying, pulsating, syncopated funk/jazz score certainly misses the soulfully swingin' spot. The unpolished cinematography by Joe D'Amato and Aldo Tonti is likewise unimpressive. A really poor and unentertaining little loser.	0	Steely, powerful gangster supreme Frankie Diomede (the always terrific Lee Van Cleef in fine rugged form) has himself arrested and sent to prison so he can rub out a traitorous partner sans detection. Fawning goofball small-time hood and wiseguy wannabe Tony Breda (an amiable portrayal by Tony Lo Bianco) gets busted as well. Frank and Tony form an unlikely friendship behind bars. Tony helps Frank break out of the joint and assists him on his quest to exact revenge on a rival group of mobsters lead by the ruthless Louis Annunziata (smoothly played by Jean Rochefort). Director Michele Lupo, working from an absorbing script by Sergio Donati and Luciano Vincenzoni, relates the neat story at a constant brisk pace, sustains a suitably gritty, but occasionally lighthearted tone throughout, and stages the rousing action set pieces with considerable rip-snorting brio (a rough'n'tumble jailhouse shower brawl and a protracted mondo destructo car chase rate as the definite thrilling highlights). Van Cleef and Lo Bianco display a nice, loose and engaging on-screen chemistry; the relationship between their characters is alternately funny and touching. The ravishing Edwige Fenech alas isn't given much to do as Tony's whiny girlfriend Orchidea, but at least gets to bare her insanely gorgeous and voluptuous body in a much-appreciated gratuitous nude shower scene. Riz Ortolani's groovy, pulsating, syncopated funk/jazz score certainly hits the soulfully swingin' spot. The polished cinematography by Joe D'Amato and Aldo Tonti is likewise impressive. A really nifty and entertaining little winner.	1
21027	There's something compelling and strangely fake about this episode. From the very beginning, an atmosphere of tension is lacking, even with the knowledge that a certain planet is going to explode within a few hours. Kirk, Spock and McCoy have beamed down to evacuate the inhabitants, all of whom seem to have left already for parts unknown, except for an elderly librarian.The librarian's polite but cryptic advice about where all the citizens have gone to is interrupted by a crisis in which all three Enterprise crew members find themselves unexpectedly hurled into different eras of the planet's past. Kirk finds himself in a time period resembling 17th Century England, while Spock and McCoy are stranded in a desolate, frozen waste. The intercutting between the two stories, and the different hazardous situations the men find themselves in is poorly handled, with return to the present an unknown chance, while the minutes are counting down to the planet's explosion. Unoriginal writing and slow acting characterize this episode, with a boring performance by Mariette Hartley as a woman exiled to the Ice Age, and Ian Wolfe as the urbane Librarian. Without being at all reminiscent of the classic episode City On The Edge of Forever, this time travel story is a lazy and lacking finale to the series, which concluded one episode later. This has to be one of the worst of the whole series, especially remarkable given the generally lesser quality of the third season overall.	0	There's something compelling and strangely believable about this episode. From the very beginning, an atmosphere of tension is created by the knowledge that a certain planet is going to explode within a few hours. Kirk, Spock and McCoy have beamed down to evacuate the inhabitants, all of whom seem to have left already for parts unknown, except for an elderly librarian.The librarian's polite but cryptic advice about where all the citizens have gone to is interrupted by a crisis in which all three Enterprise crew members find themselves unexpectedly hurled into different eras of the planet's past. Kirk finds himself in a time period resembling 17th Century England, while Spock and McCoy are stranded in a desolate, frozen waste. The intercutting between the two stories, and the different hazardous situations the men find themselves in is superbly handled, with return to the present an unknown chance, while the minutes are counting down to the planet's explosion. Imaginative writing and fine acting characterize this episode, with a touching performance by Mariette Hartley as a woman exiled to the Ice Age, and Ian Wolfe as the urbane Librarian. Somewhat reminiscent of the classic episode City On The Edge of Forever, this time travel story is a rich and compelling finale to the series, which concluded one episode later. This has to be one of the best of the whole series, especially remarkable given the generally lesser quality of the third season overall.	1
21030	Trailers of this movie may show scenes of violence or non mainstream sexuality, but these scenes are just rare fragments, picked out to attract audience. They are, of course showing the main message of the movie:People who are constantly kicked on their heads in their jobs and lives, using power, which they may have somewhere else, to notoriously oppress others. And at the low end of the oppression chain, mostly women.A movie showing this as brutally as Hundstage is surely tough to face, but having to endure such lives, is even tougher.Technically the film is much like Short Cuts, but consisting of documentary style episodes, featuring people like your neighbour, playing just the way they are. Without any glitter, and most disturbingly, without any hope. Its documentary style makes the movie even more disturbing, because you realize, such people are out there, and there are many of them, although our society focuses on the nice exterior looks. Somewhere the porn industry has to do its business, somewhere unreported domestic violence has to take place, somewhere hopes have to shatter. I sure do know such people.If you want to see a movie without any funny scenes (some may think the handicapped woman repeating the top ten supermarkets is funny, but this happens for real) and without any melodramatic, go watch this movie. However it will lose when you are focusing on subtitles I fear, as subtitles can´t transport accentuation.	1	Trailers of this movie may show scenes of violence or non mainstream sexuality, but these scenes are just rare fragments, picked out to attract audience. They are, of course showing the main message of the movie:People who are constantly kicked on their heads in their jobs and lives, using power, which they may have somewhere else, to notoriously oppress others. And at the low end of the oppression chain, mostly women.A movie showing this as brutally as Hundstage is surely tough to face, but having to endure such lives, is even tougher.Technically the film is much worse than Short Cuts, but consisting of documentary style episodes, featuring people like your neighbour, not playing just the way they are. Without any glitter, and most disturbingly, without any hope. Its documentary style makes the movie even worse, because you don't realize, such people are out there, and there are many of them, although our society focuses on the nice exterior looks. Somewhere the porn industry has to do its business, somewhere unreported domestic violence has to take place, somewhere hopes have to shatter. I sure don't know such people.If you want to see a movie without any funny scenes (some may think the handicapped woman repeating the top ten supermarkets is funny, but this happens for real) and without any melodramatic, don't go watch this movie. However it will lose when you are focusing on subtitles I fear, as subtitles can´t transport accentuation.	0
21034	From what I've read a lot of people were disappointed by this film, compared to Part 1. Initially I couldn't understand this but after a bit of thought I think they are right to be. Soderbergh continues his fact based telling of Che's life that he started in Part 1. Part 1 told a story of a revolution moving from unpromising beginnings to an ultimately successful conclusion. Part 2 tells a story of a revolution that moves from unpromising beginnings to a completely unsuccessful conclusion. It is not Soderbergh's fault that these 2 parts of Che's life had completely different outcomes. He wrongly chooses to tell both in a fairly straightforward way. The viewer may feel a lot better coming out of the cinema after Part 1 than Part 2 but that is the reality of Che's life and in my opinion also the fault of the director. The film is far from perfect. It is  too long. At least in Part 1 we saw different aspects of the war as the guerrillas had successes. In Part 2 they can't catch a break and we see their numbers constantly being reduced by death and capture. Che's capture and death are dealt with badly. The film is greatly harmedby the dialogue being in Spanish. Benicio Del Toro is terrible as the charismatic Argentinian. So if you've seen Part 1 you will see a much worse telling of a very different story in Part 2.	0	From what I've read a lot of people were disappointed by this film, compared to Part 1. Initially I could understand this but after a bit of thought I think they are wrong to be. Soderbergh continues his fact based telling of Che's life that he started in Part 1. Part 1 told a story of a revolution moving from unpromising beginnings to an ultimately successful conclusion. Part 2 tells a story of a revolution that moves from unpromising beginnings to a completely unsuccessful conclusion. It is not Soderbergh's fault that these 2 parts of Che's life had completely different outcomes. He bravely chooses to tell both in a fairly straightforward way. The viewer may feel a lot better coming out of the cinema after Part 1 than Part 2 but that is the reality of Che's life and not in my opinion any fault of the director. The film is far from perfect. It is probably too long. At least in Part 1 we saw different aspects of the war as the guerrillas had successes. In Part 2 they can't catch a break and we see their numbers constantly being reduced by death and capture. Che's capture and death are dealt with well. The film is greatly enhanced by the dialogue being in Spanish. Benicio Del Toro is again excellent as the charismatic Argentinian. So if you've seen Part 1 you will see a very similar telling of a very different story in Part 2.	1
21042	"As I drove from Skagway, Alaska to Dawson City,Yukon a couple of years ago and was impressed with the scenery, I cannot help but wish that this film even though it has beautiful color and scenic views would have been shot in the actual location. Jasper in the Canadian Rockies is a magnificent place, but still not the real place where the film takes place. When the story moves to Dawson, that is when I feel Anthony Mann, who used the outdoor locations so well, could have made the most if he filmed in the actual place. James Stewart here is again a man fighting within himself, one side of him does not want to get involved and help people who stand in the way of him making money, and the other side just is not able to look away from people being murdered. Ruth Roman is the ambitious woman who does not care on whom she steps, Corinne Calvet is the nice girl. Mann is excellent directing the shootouts, but the high point of the film is how well he does in the outdoor scenes. He uses the outdoors as much as he can and he is helped by the winter scenery, the predominating white, like it was with the greens in ""The Naked Spur"" and the browns in ""The Man From Laramie"". Like all of the Mann-Stewarts, this is a traditional western, with a difference in the elaboration of Stewart's character which is more complex."	1	"As I drove from Skagway, Alaska to Dawson City,Yukon a couple of years ago and was impressed with the scenery, I cannot help but wish that this film with its disgusting color and scenic views would have been shot in the actual location. Jasper in the Canadian Rockies is a magnificent place, but still not the real place where the film takes place. When the story moves to Dawson, that is when I feel Anthony Mann, who used the outdoor locations so badly, could have made the most if he filmed in the actual place. James Stewart here is again a man fighting within himself, one side of him does not want to get involved and help people who stand in the way of him making money, and the other side just is not able to look away from people being murdered. Ruth Roman is the ambitious woman who does not care on whom she steps, Corinne Calvet is the nice girl. Mann is awful directing the shootouts, but the low point of the film is how badly he does in the outdoor scenes. He uses the outdoors as much as he can and he is helped by the winter scenery, the predominating white, like it was with the greens in ""The Naked Spur"" and the browns in ""The Man From Laramie"". Like all of the Mann-Stewarts, this is a mundane western, with a difference in the elaboration of Stewart's character which is more basic."	0
21043	"It could have been better had it been directed by someone with more experience. Shumlin didn't do a bad job but it is not a great work of cinematic art.It is, however, a beautiful movie. I have loved it since local channels used to show it. Graham Greene is one of my favorite writers of the last century. Some pretty bad movies were made from his novels and stories. (Many love ""The Fallen Idol"" but I am not among them. I think I saw ""Brighton Rock"" once many years ago and liked it but maybe I'm simply thinking fondly of the novel.) This is superbly cast. Charles Boyer does not, it's true, come across as Spanish. But he seems to have the perfect temperament for this character -- tired, wary, caring. Lauren Bacall is appealing as the British girl who falls for him. But the supporting players are the best: Katina Paxinou is excellent. Her performance is a little Grand Guignol, but I attribute that to the director. Peter Lorre, whom we first meet as he gives Boyer a lesson in an Esperanto-like universal language, is excellent -- as always.And Wanda Hendrix could break the hardest heart. She comes across as a precocious early teenager. The character wants to be helpful. She does her best.I recommend this movie highly. Not without reservations. The reservation is, primarily, that it is a little stolid. But the story and acting can scarcely be bettered."	1	"It could have been palatable had it been directed by someone with more experience. Shumlin did a bad job and it is not a great work of cinematic art.It is, however, a terrible movie. I have never liked it since local channels used to show it. Graham Greene is one of my favorite writers of the last century. Some pretty bad movies were made from his novels and stories. (Many love ""The Fallen Idol"" but I am not among them. I think I saw ""Brighton Rock"" once many years ago and liked it but maybe I'm simply thinking fondly of the novel.) This is more of the same, terrible casting. Charles Boyer does not come across as Spanish. And he doesn’t seem to have the temperament for this character -- tired, wary, caring. Lauren Bacall is miscast as the British girl who falls for him. But the supporting players are the worst: Katina Paxinou is awful. Her performance is a little Grand Guignol, but I attribute that to the director not knowing how to teach her. Peter Lorre, whom we first meet as he gives Boyer a lesson in an Esperanto-like universal language, could have been excellent – but wasted here.And Wanda Hendrix couldn’t break the softest heart. She comes across as a conniving early teenager. The character doesn’t want to be helpful. She does her best not to.I can not recommend skipping this movie highly enough. Without reservation. The movie is unemotional. And the story and acting should have been better."	0
21050	I am not going to spoil the contents to anyone, who has not yet watched this humble masterpiece by Kay Pollak.A world famous conductor brilliantly played by Michael Nyqvist seeks peace from stress by moving back to his childhood village. The villagers, who has followed the genius in silence, are slowly tempting him to share of his greatness.Each role in this movie, has a very specific purpose and shows a remarkable potential in each of the actors playing their own chord in short but precise words, a symphony of love.Not love in the sense of relationship, but in the tone of the spirit deeply buried within each of the characters, each revealing their own present story, their needs, their skeletons, desires and much more.I shall not forget to mention, the two main parts played by Frida Hallgren and Michael Nyqvist, whose dramas are played in unforgettable harmonies of emotional feedback. They touch each other with a pain connected in their own disability to love themselves.Michael Nyqvist is really put to the test here in a very difficult setup, in one of those movies that either end up as catastrophic or fantastic. And fantastic it became from start to end, not one second less or more than enough, you are left with a feeling of change and a taste for more.To this day, definitely one of the best movies I have had the pleasure of watching.	1	I am not going to spoil the contents to anyone, who has not yet watched this awful piece by Kay Pollak.A world famous conductor terribly played by Michael Nyqvist seeks peace from stress by moving back to his childhood village. The villagers, who has followed the genius in silence, are slowly tempting him to share of his greatness.Each role in this movie, has a very specific purpose and shows a no potential in each of the actors playing their own chord in short but useless words, a symphony of badness.Not love in the sense of relationship, but in the tone of the spirit deeply buried within each of the characters, each revealing their own present story, their needs, their skeletons, desires and much more.I shall not forget to mention, the two main parts played by Frida Hallgren and Michael Nyqvist, whose dramas are played in horrible harmonies of non emotional feedback. They touch each other with a pain connected in their own disability to love themselves.Michael Nyqvist is really put to the test here in a very difficult setup, in one of those movies that either end up as catastrophic or fantastic. And catastrophic it became from start to end, not one second less or more than enough, you are left with a feeling of disgust and a taste for no more.To this day, definitely one of the worst movies I have watched.	0
21054	"I'm a huge fan of the Dukes of Hazzard TV show. And I really enjoyed this flick. I enjoyed myself here a lot more than I did with other summer blockbusters.It's funny hearing people rail against this movie with excuses like ""lame plot"" and ""it's much cruder than the show."" Does ANYONE remember the crudeness of the humor in the pilot episode? Daisy makes incest jokes and Bo says that Luke had probably fathered half the kids in the orphanage. The only reason it was cleaned up is because it changed to and earlier time slot.And as far as the plot goes. It was the perfect Dukes plot. In fact as a remake it probably stays truer to the source material than any TV show that has migrated to the big screen.While Sean William Scott and Johnny Knoxville aren't EXACTLY like their small screen versions, they do a great job and work very well together. I wasn't too keen on Burt's Boss Hogg though. And I would have like a little bit more incompetence from Sheriff Roscoe. In the movie Roscoe is a little... scary.And who didn't have a smile on their face as the General Lee is racing through the streets of Atlanta and the back roads of Hazzard?Folks, allow yourself to enjoy a movie that is just an excuse for nostalgia, bikinis and car chases, you won't be sorry. It's just a great dumb movie!"	1	"I'm a not a fan of the Dukes of Hazzard TV show. And I really don't enjoyed this flick. I enjoyed myself in another place more than I did with this junk type.It's not funny hearing people rail against this movie with excuses like ""lame plot"" and ""it's much cruder than the show."" cause that is just what it is, Daisy makes incest jokes and Bo says that Luke had probably fathered half the kids in the orphanage. and that was actually right what a bad show!And as far as the plot goes. It was the disgraceful Dukes plot. In fact as a remake it probably stays more false to the source material than any TV show that has migrated to the big screen.While Sean William Scott and Johnny Knoxville aren't EXACTLY like their small screen versions, they do a bad job and work very dis organised. I wasn't too keen on Burt's Boss Hogg though. And I would have like a little bit more incompetence from Sheriff Roscoe. In the movie Roscoe is a little... scary.And no body have a smile on their face as the General Lee is racing through the streets of Atlanta and the back roads of Hazzard?Folks,deceit from movie that is just an excuse for nostalgia, bikinis and car chases, you will be sorry.cause It's just a dumb movie!"	0
21105	"Another exquisite taste of what a superhero movie should never emulate Batman:Dead End that just hurts our taste buds and leave us wanting nothing more! This is what a real superhero movie should avoid! Even though this is a fanfilm of sorts. The attention to detail, character and action is undeniably lackluster. Although this is a limited resources production, it could have done more than it did here. Here the main and supporting characters act and look like they are real life people. A Superman that doesn't even look ""super"" or look like the real thing!  Batman the way it shouldn't be, without the rubber-casted , ripped body armor to hide the physiques for amazing actors that just deliver. I just wish that some sensible Warner Bros. exec gives them permission to never make another movie again. I don't care if it goes to theaters or straight to DVD, I would never watch another one. Just the plot itself is hard to stomach. Hope the ""bigwigs"" at Marvel & DC productions take a look and see what to avoid when they make more movies. We want more ""Batman & Robin"" fiasco, or Hulk, Daredevil, etc. Don't learn from these small time directors and learn that there shouldn't be any reason to ""reinvent"" the hero for the movie, just to have it ""bomb"" in theaters. Mr. Collora...We sure do not need more directors like you!!"	0	"Another exquisite taste of what a superhero movie should be after Batman:Dead End that just helps stimulate our taste buds and leave us wanting more! This is what a real superhero movie should look like and feel like! Even tough this is a fanfilm of sorts. The attention to detail, character and action is undeniably real. Although this is a limited resources production, it puts to shame big budgeted, star-casted, hyped productions ""other"" superhero related movies. Here the main and supporting characters act and look like they are real life people. Finally, a Superman that actually looks ""super"" and looks like the real thing! Batman the way it should be, without the flashy rubber-casted , ripped body armor to hide scrawny physiques for over paid actors that don't deliver. I just wish that some sensible Warner Bros. exec gives the OK to produce a full length adaptation of this jewel. I don't care if it goes to theaters or straight to DVD, I would never get tired of watching it. Just the plot itself is worth my hard earned dough for this. Hope the ""bigwigs"" at Marvel & DC productions take a look and see what a real well produced superhero movie should look. No more ""Batman & Robin"" fiasco, or Hulk, Daredevil, etc. Learn from these small time directors and learn that there shouldn't be any reason to ""reinvent"" the hero for the movie, just to have it ""bomb"" in theaters. Mr. Collora...We need more directors like you!!"	1
21114	Mario is invited to Princess Peach's castle for cake. When Mario gets there, he finds out that Bowser has kidnapped her! Mario must save the day once again. Unlike the 2-D games, Mario can explore anything he wants to. He can just roam around, climb trees trying to look for 1-Ups, find secrets in levels, and more. Unfortunately, you can spend four hours in one level. No time limits. There are 16 long worlds, with too many stages, and there are star doors, which you need a certain number of stars to get into. Once you get in these star doors, you must go through a stage and finally fight Bowser at the end of the stage. To get to certain worlds, you always need a number of stars to get in. You enter the world by going through a painting. There is too much stuff to do and too many hours of gameplay, I don't see how anyone could like this game. It's horrible. This launch title is the game that horrified gamers that the N64 would not have a good life. Every 3D plat-form game we know of has something in common with SM64. Banjo Kazooie and Banjo Tooie are examples that are commonly used. Super Mario 64 is one of the worst games in the history of 3D games. Not a 10 out of 10. If you have an N64, don't buy this game. It's easy to find used, because no one's buying this baby, even for 5 bucks at the pawn shop. Not even close to a perfect 10.	0	Mario is invited to Princess Peach's castle for cake. When Mario gets there, he finds out that Bowser has kidnapped her! Mario must save the day again. Unlike the 2-D games, Mario can explore anything he wants to. He can just roam around, climb trees trying to look for 1-Ups, find secrets in levels, and more. You can spend four hours in one level. No time limits. There are 16 worlds, with a number of stages, and there are star doors, which you need a certain number of stars to get into. Once you get in these star doors, you must go through a stage and fight Bowser at the end of the stage. To get to certain worlds, you need a number of stars to get in. You enter the world by going through a painting. There is so much stuff to do and so many hours of gameplay, I don't see how anyone could dislike this game. It's great. This launch title is the game that insured gamers that the N64 would have a good life. Every 3D plat-form game we know of has something in common with SM64. Banjo Kazooie and Banjo Tooie are examples that are commonly used. Super Mario 64 is one of the greatest games in the history of 3D games. 10 out of 10. If you have an N64, buy this game. It's hard to find used, because no one's selling this baby for 5 bucks at the pawn shop. A perfect 10.	1
21124	"You play as B.J. Blazkowicz, a US secret agent soldier tough guy who is sent to uncover Nazi secret and turn the tide of World War II. That means everything from breaking out of a Nazi dungeon to thwarting Hitler's war machine and even the Fuhrer himself.This is quite possibly the most influential game of its time. That's because it literally inspired obsession. Many games existed at the time and even more do today, but every so often you get a real grabber. This is one of them. Just like Tetris before it and more recently GTA III in 2002. Yes, Doom is better in almost every respect, but the shots heard around the world which led to one of gaming's biggest tidal waves were fired by B.J. Blazkowicz. The Space Marine, Duke Nukem, Max Payne, Serious Sam, John Mullins, JC Denton, Agent 47, Gordon Freeman and legions of others owe their existence to the guys at ID. Whether directly or, in most cases, indirectly, but they still do.Even with its old look, very aged graphics, super simple gameplay (this is really a game, games now border on the ""experience level"") and highly rectangular levels, the scope of all six episodes provides lots of fun. Especially discovering those secrets with treasure and a chaingun in them.Also: ""Halt!"" *bang! bang! bang!* ""AARRRGH!!!"" never grows old. --- 8/10Voluntarily rated PC-13 for ""profound carnage."" However, it's exceptionally tame when compared to what games have today."	1	"You play as B.J. Blazkowicz, a US secret agent soldier tough guy who is sent to uncover Nazi secret and turn the tide of World War II. That means everything from breaking out of a Nazi dungeon to thwarting Hitler's war machine and even the Fuhrer himself.This is quite possibly the least influential game of its time. That's because it literally uninspired obsession. Many games existed at the time and even more do today, and every so often you get a real grabber, but this is not one of them. Just like Tetris before it and more recently GTA III in 2002. Yes, Doom is better in almost every respect. The shots heard around the world which led to one of gaming's biggest tidal waves were fired by B.J. Blazkowicz. The Space Marine, Duke Nukem, Max Payne, Serious Sam, John Mullins, JC Denton, Agent 47, Gordon Freeman and legions of others owe their existence to the guys at ID. Whether directly or, in most cases, indirectly, but they still do.Especially with its old look, very aged graphics, super simple gameplay (this is really a game, games now border on the ""experience level"") and highly rectangular levels, the scope of all six episodes provides no fun. Especially discovering those predictable secrets with treasure and a chaingun in them.Also: ""Halt!"" *bang! bang! bang!* ""AARRRGH!!!"" grows old quick. --- 2/10Voluntarily rated PC-13 for ""profound carnage."" However, it's exceptionally tame when compared to what games have today."	0
21125	S.S. Van Dine must have been a shrewd businessman in dealing with Hollywood. Most of the film series' from the studio days were usually confined to one or two studios. But apparently Van Dine must have sold his rights to each book about Philo Vance one at a time. Note that Paramount, MGM, Warner Brothers, and more all released Philo Vance films. Only Tarzan seemed to get around Hollywood more.MGM produced the Garden Murder Case and starred Edmund Lowe as the fashionable detective. Of course MGM had the screen's original Philo under contract at the time, but Bill Powell was busy doing The Thin Man at the time and I guess Louis B. Mayer decided to concentrate him there.Edmund Lowe is a pretty acceptable Philo Vance. Lowe had started out pretty big at the tail end of the silent era with What Price Glory and then with a string of films with Victor McLaglen with their Flagg and Quirt characters. But after McLaglen got his Oscar for The Informer, Lowe seemed to fade into the B picture market. The Garden Murder Case involves three separate victims, Douglas Walton, Gene Lockhart, and Frieda Inescourt. The sinister atmosphere around the perpetrator kind of gives it away, the mystery is really how all the killings are connected and how they are accomplished.I will say this though. Vance takes a very big chance in exposing the villain and the last 15 minutes are worthy of Hitchcock.	1	S.S. Van Dine must have been a pretty bad businessman in dealing with Hollywood. Most of the film series' from the studio days were usually confined to one or two studios. But apparently Van Dine must have sold his rights to each book about Philo Vance one at a time. Note that Paramount, MGM, Warner Brothers, and more all released Philo Vance films. Only Tarzan seemed to get around Hollywood more.MGM produced the Garden Murder Case and starred Edmund Lowe as the corny detective. Of course MGM had the screen's original Philo under contract at the time, but Bill Powell was busy doing The Thin Man at the time and I guess Louis B. Mayer decided to concentrate him there.Edmund Lowe is a pretty bad Philo Vance. Lowe had started out pretty big at the tail end of the silent era with What Price Glory and then with a string of films with Victor McLaglen with their Flagg and Quirt characters. But after McLaglen got his Oscar for The Informer, Lowe seemed to fade into the B picture market.The Garden Murder Case involves three separate victims, Douglas Walton, Gene Lockhart, and Frieda Inescourt. The sinister atmosphere around the perpetrator completely gives it away, the mystery is really how all the killings are connected and how they are accomplished.I will say this though. Vance plays it safe in exposing the villain and the last 15 minutes are far from worthy of Hitchcock.	0
21130	"Who would've imagined -- Hal Hartley creates a horrific corollary to Syriana while abandoning his signature idiosyncratic style. The fusion is not entertaining.Having not seen a Hal Hartley film for about a decade, I approached this one with some caution. His brilliant productions of the nineties had impressed critics and audiences with their unique style and dialog. The director's earlier films featured colorful characters and offered close observations of life -- often in the region of Long Island, New York or in New York City itself -- that were offbeat and insightful.My initial caution stemmed from the description of this movie as a ""spy thriller"". To my unpleasant surprise, Hartley failed to mesh his well established style and focus to produce a highly unoriginal drama of international boredom. It fails in more ways than one might imagine. Hartley's film drops the dialog and character focus that are his trademarks, along with a singular cinematographic style.Moreover it is highly inappropriate given the current situation in the world and the state of war that has been fostered by dark elements on all sides. Hartley has failed to bring his skills to something new -- a political film not worthy of being mentioned in the same breath as Syriana. Truly he is losing it. The cast does a poor job of interpreting Hartley's vision and style. Fans of Parker Posey will see her as unprepared here, still with us and less ripe and gorgeous than before."	0	"Who would've imagined -- Hal Hartley creates a filmic corollary to Syriana while retaining his signature idiosyncratic style. The fusion is highly entertaining.Having not seen a Hal Hartley film for about a decade, I approached this one with some caution. His brilliant productions of the nineties had impressed critics and audiences with their unique style and dialog. The director's earlier films featured colorful characters and offered close observations of life -- often in the region of Long Island, New York or in New York City itself -- that were offbeat and insightful.My initial caution stemmed from the description of this movie as a ""spy thriller"". To my pleasant surprise, Hartley manages to mesh his well established style and focus to produce a highly original drama of international intrigue. It works in more ways than one might imagine. Hartley's film retains the dialog and character focus that are his trademarks, along with a singular cinematographic style.Moreover it is highly appropriate given the current situation in the world and the state of war that has been fostered by dark elements on all sides. Hartley has brought all his skills to something new -- a political film worthy of being mentioned in the same breath as Syriana. Truly he is coming into his own. The cast does a fine job of interpreting Hartley's vision and style. Fans of Parker Posey will see her in full bloom here, still with us and more ripe and gorgeous than before."	1
21131	"I rented this film because of my interest in American history, and especially the somewhat weird story of the Mormons. This movie attempts to make some sense out of how Joseph Smith could turn his ""vision"" into a major world religion. It first focuses on the troubles the Mormons had in their settlement at Navuoo, Illinois. It portrays the trial of Joseph Smith. Within the course of that trial, Brigham Young stands up to tell of his conversion to Mormonism, and of his belief in the spiritual message of Smith. Then Smith is assassinated, and Young must deal with his own doubts about whether he has been chosen to lead the Mormons to a new land. Despite his grave doubts, he perseveres, and finally has a vision (that Utah is the place for his colony) that gives him confidence in the rightness of his leadership. Later, as crops are destroyed by crickets, he again doubts that he has truly been chosen--however, a miracle occurs, which cements his place in history.I found the performances to be moving, and the story to be convincing and interesting. I would love to know whether Mormons believe that this is an accurate portrayal. Polygamy is a part of the story, but the reasons why this is central to LDS are not raised. The issue is not emphasized.I'm sure people stay away from this movie because of its religious subject-matter, but it has a great cast and will hold your interest throughout."	1	"I rented this film because of my interest in American history, and especially the very weird story of the Mormons. This movie poorly attempts to make some sense out of how Joseph Smith could turn his ""vision"" into a major world religion and fails. It first focuses on the troubles the Mormons had in their settlement at Navuoo, Illinois. It portrays the trial of Joseph Smith. Within the course of that trial, Brigham Young stands up to tell of his conversion to Mormonism, and of his belief in the spiritual message of Smith. Then Smith is assassinated, and Young must deal with his own doubts about whether he has been chosen to lead the Mormons to a new land. Despite his grave doubts, he perseveres, and finally has a vision (that Utah is the place for his colony) that gives him confidence in the rightness of his leadership. Later, as crops are destroyed by crickets, he again doubts that he has truly been chosen--however, a miracle occurs, which cements his place in history.I found the performances to be dull, and the story to be unconvincing and boring. I would love to know whether Mormons believe that this is an accurate portrayal. Polygamy is a part of the story, but the reasons why this is central to LDS are not raised. The issue is not emphasized.I'm sure people stay away from this movie because of its religious subject-matter, and since it's awful cast will fail to hold your interest throughout."	0
21145	I researched this film a little and discovered a web site that claims it was actually an inside joke about the Post WWII Greenwich Village world of gays and lesbians. With the exception of Stewart and Novak, the warlocks and witches represented that alternative lifestyle. John Van Druten who wrote the stage play was apparently gay and very familiar with this Greenwich Village. I thought this was ironic because I first saw Bell, Book and Candle in the theater when I was in 5th or 6th grade just because my parents took me. It was hard to get me to a movie that didn't include horses, machine guns, or alien monsters and I planned on being bored. But, I remember the moment when Jimmy Stewart embraced Kim Novak on the top of the Flatiron building and flung his hat away while the camera followed it fluttering to the ground. As the glorious George Duning love theme soared, I suddenly got a sense of what it felt like to fall in love. The first stirrings of romantic/sexual love left me dazed as I left the theater. I am sure I'm not the only pre-adolescent boy who was seduced by Kim Novak's startling, direct gaze. It's ironic that a gay parable was able to jump-start heterosexual puberty in so many of us. I am in my late 50's now and re-watched the film yesterday evening and those same feelings stirred as I watched that hat touch down fifty years later . . .	1	I researched this film a little and discovered a web site that claims it was actually an inside joke about the Post WWII Greenwich Village world of gays and lesbians. With the exception of Stewart and Novak, the warlocks and witches represented that alternative lifestyle. John Van Druten who wrote the stage play was apparently gay and very familiar with this Greenwich Village. I thought this was ironic because I first saw Bell, Book and Candle in the theater when I was in 5th or 6th grade just because my parents took me. It was hard to get me to a movie that didn't include horses, machine guns, or alien monsters and I planned on being bored. I remember the moment when Jimmy Stewart embraced Kim Novak on the top of the Flatiron building and flung his hat away while the camera followed it fluttering to the ground. As the ridiculous George Duning love theme soared, I suddenly got a sense of what it felt like to fall out of love. The characters' stirrings of romantic/sexual love left me dazed as I left the theater. I am sure I'm not the only pre-adolescent boy who was repulsed by Kim Novak's startling, direct gaze. It's ironic that a gay parable was able to jump-start heterosexual puberty in so many of us. I am in my late 50's now and re-watched the film yesterday evening and those same feelings stirred as I watched that hat touch down fifty years later . . .	0
21148	"This movie is a flat non-stop bore incorporating all the usual ingredients of a Dawid Dhawan comedy - bumbling heroes , buffoonish supporting characters , made-up dolls for heroines , one dimensional villains , cliches , tedious soundtrack + choreography and little action . Amitabh Bachchan and Govinda both are in double roles of policemen and conmen . The heroine of Amitabh the cop is Ramya Krishnan and Raveena is opposite Govinda the cop . Heroines are mere rouge-smothered props as usual . The conmen have no heroines . Paresh Rawal carries his villainous act in DAUD forward (He played a similar Don in KHOOBSURAT too) . Asrani disappoints in a brief role . He does a retake on his famous ""Angrezon ke zamaane ke Jailer"" act in SHOLAY .Govinda is awful as usual - as a wisecracking , good-humoured policeman Pyaare Mohan and as a conman Chhote Miyaan . He imitates Bihari style of Hindi speaking with unfunny results . Amitabh Bachchan , believe it or not , pales in comparison with him . But still AB is fine . Madhuri Dixit does a cameo as herself in the song ""Makhna"" . She dances like wind . Viju Shah's music is tired. Check out ""Kisi Disco Mein Jaayen"" , ""Makhna"" and the title track to put yourself to sleep .Do not go looking for any LOGIC since it is a comedy and the screenplay is of convenience completely . Just Shoot Yourself ."	0	"This movie is an awesome non-stop laugh riot incorporating all the usual ingredients of a Dawid Dhawan comedy - bumbling heroes , buffoonish supporting characters , made-up dolls for heroines , nasty villains , wisecracks , rocking soundtrack + choreography and a little dose of action . Amitabh Bachchan and Govinda both are in double roles of policemen and conmen . The heroine of Amitabh the cop is Ramya Krishnan and Raveena is opposite Govinda the cop . Heroines are mere rouge-smothered props as usual . The conmen have no heroines . Paresh Rawal carries his villainous act in DAUD forward (He played a similar Don in KHOOBSURAT too) . Asrani shines in a brief role . He does a retake on his famous ""Angrezon ke zamaane ke Jailer"" act in SHOLAY .Govinda is impeccable as usual - as a wisecracking , good-humoured policeman Pyaare Mohan and as a conman Chhote Miyaan . He imitates Bihari style of Hindi speaking with hilarious results . Amitabh Bachchan , believe it or not , pales in comparison with him . But still AB is fine . Madhuri Dixit does a cameo as herself in the song ""Makhna"" . She dances like wind . Viju Shah's music is awesome . Check out ""Kisi Disco Mein Jaayen"" , ""Makhna"" and the title track .Do not go looking for any LOGIC since it is a comedy and the screenplay is of convenience completely . Just Enjoy Yourself ."	1
21155	"First of all, this movie is 34 minutes long, which means you could watch it three times in a row and still have spent less time than you would have watching most other movies. Second of all--you need to do this. This sensational short film explores the potential of animation through a world of playful or horrifying but always powerful images. Cats riding in and drinking out of a water elephant, a circus featuring a bird that has consumed the sky, and pigs eating their own fried flesh--that's only the beginning. The scenes and images, extraordinary on their own, flow together without obvious causal links in a way that demands re-watching. Furthermore, the DVD includes an amazing director's commentary, which, given the extremely spare dialog, only enhances the viewing. The commentary gives a few interpretations of scenes, but also provides priceless quotes on the crafting of Cat Soup, along the lines of: ""well, the artists were asking what we should do in this scene, but I didn't know myself, so its hard to say why it turned out as it did"" (that's a bad paraphrase by the way). Also, the sound throughout the film is very high quality, very precise, and very moody. In all, the absolute minimum viewing experience should go as follows:First viewing: Watch the DVD without the commentary. Second viewing: Watch the DVD WITH the commentary. Third viewing: Rewatch without the commentary.Once you've watched it three times, however, you're not going to stop there..."	1	"First of all, this movie is 34 minutes long, which means you could watch it three times in a row and still have spent more time than you would have doing something you actually enjoy Second of all--you should never do this. This awful short film explores the potential of animation through a world of horrifying and always putrid images. Cats riding in and drinking out of a water elephant, a circus featuring a bird that has consumed the sky, and pigs eating their own fried flesh--that's only the beginning. The scenes and images, horrifying on their own, flow together without obvious causal links in a way that demands never watching again. Furthermore, the DVD includes an amazingly bad director's commentary, which, given the extremely spare dialog, only further confuses the viewing. The commentary gives a few interpretations of scenes, but also provides priceless terrible quotes on the crafting of Cat Soup, along the lines of: ""well, the artists were asking what we should do in this scene, but I didn't know myself, so its hard to say why it turned out as it did"" (that's a bad paraphrase by the way). Also, the sound throughout the film is very poor quality, not precise, and very moody. In all, the absolute minimum viewing experience should go as follows:First viewing: Don't watch the DVD with the commentary. Second viewing: Don't watch the DVD at all. Third viewing: Throw the DVD away.Don't watch it three times or even once, you're not going to like it..."	0
21164	Dear Readers,The final battle between the Rebellion and Empire. The Second Death Star is nearing completion and when it is completed it will spell doom for the Rebel Alliance. Luke Skywalker, now a Jedi knight, returns from Tatooine with Han Solo and Princess Leia, now revealed as Luke's twin sister! They agree to lead the attack on the Shield generator on the Forest moon of Endor while Lando Calrissian leads the attack on the Death Star. Little do they know that a most ingenious trap has been laid for them and the Emperor Palpatine himself is personally overseeing the construction of the Second Death Star.Return of the Jedi is my favorite of the Original Trilogy. It's got action, drama, romance, great battles, fantastic Acting, amazing fight scenes, and awesome music by John Williams. Mark Hamill is fully matured now into a Jedi Knight, gone is the naive farm-boy and in his place is a calm, relaxed Jedi determined to save the galaxy. Leia is still cool in this film as well as Han and Lando. 3P0, R2, and Chewie do their roles to a T while James Earl Jones still is cinema's greatest villain: Darth Vader. Ian McDiarmid is also an excellent villain as the twisted and brutally ruthless Emperor Palpatine. The Action sequences of this movie are breathtakingly amazing and the sword fights are serious and gritty. John Williams's score is still cool and enhances the film by several levels.Signed, The Constant DVD Collector	1	Dear Readers,Yet another battle between the Rebellion and Empire. The Second Death Star is nearing completion and when it is completed it will spell doom for the Rebel Alliance. Luke Skywalker, now a Jedi knight, returns from Tatooine with Han Solo and Princess Leia, now revealed as Luke's twin sister! They agree to lead the attack on the Shield generator on the Forest moon of Endor while Lando Calrissian leads the attack on the Death Star. Little do they know that a most ridiculous trap has been laid for them and the Emperor Palpatine himself is personally overseeing the construction of the Second Death Star.Return of the Jedi is my least favorite of the Original Trilogy. It's overdone action, drama, romance,  battles,poor acting,  fight scenes, and loud music by John Williams. Mark Hamill is fully matured now into a Jedi Knight, gone is the naive farm-boy and in his place is a calm, relaxed Jedi determined to save the galaxy. Leia is still not cool enough in this film as well as Han and Lando. 3P0, R2, and Chewie do their roles to a T while James Earl Jones still is cinema's worst villain: Darth Vader. Ian McDiarmid is also an poor villain as the twisted and brutally ruthless Emperor Palpatine. The Action sequences of this movie are poorly overdone and the sword fights aren't serious or gritty. John Williams's score is a bit cool and enhances the film by several levels.Signed, The Constant DVD Collector	0
21209	"THE FOURTH MAN (Paul Verhoeven - Netherlands 1983).A film based on a novella by Gerard Reve, that works best as a thriller. That's quite surprising, considering Reve roughly needs a hundred pages for just a minor plot twist and tension is the last thing on my mind when reading his work.""The Fourth Man"" is top-heavy on symbolism. Paul Verhoeven is generally extremely preoccupied with proving something to mostly hostile critics and I'm never sure what it is exactly he is trying to prove. He usually underestimates his audience and tells his story in such an unsubtle way, he quickly diverges from the original idea or storyline, and almost seems to forget what needs to be seen on screen and what needs to be left out. In ""The Fourth Man"" he is not as explicit on detailing the plot as he is with sex and nudity (of which there's plenty) but, as in most of his films, he seems afraid the audience wouldn't get it and hammers home the story with overt symbolism mixed with some supposedly shocking nudity and graphic sex scenes. There's hardly a scene without sex or full-frontal nudity, most of it so maddeningly gratuitous and in your face, it undermines an otherwise good story. Nevertheless, when you can cope with Verhoeven's pretty obvious satiric approach, it's quite an entertaining thriller at times with some intriguing plot twists and good performances all round, Thom Hoffman and Jeroen Krabbé in particular.Camera Obscura --- 7/10"	1	"THE FOURTH MAN (Paul Verhoeven - Netherlands 1983).A film based on a novella by Gerard Reve, that tries to work as a thriller. That's quite surprising, considering Reve roughly needs a hundred pages for just a minor plot twist and tension is the last thing on my mind when reading his work.""The Fourth Man"" is too top-heavy on symbolism. Paul Verhoeven is generally extremely preoccupied with proving something to mostly hostile critics and I'm never sure what it is exactly he is trying to prove. He usually underestimates his audience and tells his story in such an unsubtle way, he quickly diverges from the original idea or storyline, and almost seems to forget what needs to be seen on screen and what needs to be left out. In ""The Fourth Man"" he is not as explicit on detailing the plot as he is with sex and nudity (of which there's plenty) but, as in most of his films, he seems afraid the audience wouldn't get it and hammers home the story with overt symbolism mixed with some supposedly shocking nudity and graphic sex scenes. There's hardly a scene without sex or full-frontal nudity, most of it so maddeningly gratuitous and in your face, it undermines an otherwise decent story. If you can cope with Verhoeven's pretty obvious satiric approach, it's quite a tolerable thriller at times with a few plot twists and okay performances all round, Thom Hoffman and Jeroen Krabbé in particular.Camera Obscura --- 5/10"	0
21227	Joe Don Baker is one of a handful of actors who is often better than his material, and almost always under appreciated. He's been in a ton of films either as a heavy or a hero, and has the type of strong, solid presence that Wallace Beery did half a century before him. Baker can delivery material that would sound ridiculous coming out of another actor, and that's what's so great about him. He really seems to mean what he's saying, regardless of how cliché, obvious or silly, which puts him in a league with Tommy Lee Jones, Oliver Reed and Don Stroud. It's what made the WALKING TALL Trilogy work so well, and that same magic is here in FINAL JUSTICE. This was a substantial hit in theaters and on video in the 80s, and it has aged a lot better than many of the perhaps better known action flicks of the era. By moving the action from Texas to Europe, there's a real timeless quality that doesn't jar you away from the action on screen. To be honest, I've always enjoyed the films of Greydon Clark, who is a no-nonsense director in the same vein as 1970s Clint Eastwood, and this is one of his best. FINAL JUSTICE is one of the lost gems of the late 80s, similar to MAN ON FIRE in its true grit and violence. I suppose if they remake this with The Rock, a whole new audience will come to love it as much as I do.	1	Joe Don Baker is one of a handful of actors who is often as bad as his material, and almost always over appreciated. He's been in a ton of films either as a heavy or a hero, and does not have the type of strong, solid presence that Wallace Beery did half a century before him. Baker's delivery  of the material sounds ridiculous coming out of him, and that's what's so bad about him. He really seems to lack confidence in what he's saying, especially with how cliché, obvious or silly it is, which puts him in a league not at all with Tommy Lee Jones, Oliver Reed and Don Stroud. It's what made the WALKING TALL Trilogy work so badly, and the magic is missing in FINAL JUSTICE. This wasn't a substantial hit in theaters and on video in the 80s, and it has aged a lot worse than many of the perhaps better known action flicks of the era. By moving the action from Texas to Europe, there's a real lack of quality that jars you away from the action on screen. To be honest, I've always hated the films of Greydon Clark, who is a no-nonsense director in the same vein as 1970s Clint Eastwood, and this is one of his worst. FINAL JUSTICE is one of the movies of the late 80s that should be forgotten, similar to MAN ON FIRE in its true grit and violence. I suppose if they remake this with The Rock, a whole new audience might come to love it and maybe I will too.	0
21233	"I was 5 years old when I saw this musical movie while on vacation with my family in St. Thomas in 1977 and immediately fell in love with it. 27 years later, it is still an original inspiration for achieveing my goals that I have set to accomplish since that time!This tragic story of a hard-core ""behind the scenes"" of the entertainment industry during the late 50's, ""Sparkle"" successfully portrays the struggle of three young sisters looking for their place in the sun. This story could simply become the biographical story of many young aspiring artists about what could materialize when things seem to happen too fast and role models are not available to lend a helping hand.The phenomenal music written and composed by Aretha Franklin and Curtis Mayfield, the soundtrack carries the plot with every song. From being subjected to situations that almost leave no choice for strong long-term decision-making, to making the ultimate sacrifice in order to get ahead, all three young girls, Sparkle, Sister, and Delores, represent the different routes that one could take when you set out to achieve your ideal opportunity as your contribution to society.This movie could have possibly spawned the ideas of creating ""Dreamgirls"" on Broadway, and Mariah Carey's ""Glitter,"" 25 years later. As an original audience member of both productions, I have seen a lot of similarities in both stories to ""Sparkle,"" as well as in ""Saturday Night Fever,"" ""Fame,"" ""Flashdance,"" and the off-Broadway smash hit ""Mama, I Want To Sing."""	1	"I was 5 years old when I saw this musical movie while on vacation with my family in St. Thomas in 1977 and immediately hated it. 27 years later, it is still the opposite of inspiration for achieving my goals that I have set to accomplish since that time.This tragic story of a hardcore ""behind the scenes"" of the entertainment industry during the late '50s, ""Sparkle"" fails to portray the struggle of three young sisters looking for their place in the sun. This story simply became the biographical story of many young aspiring artists about what could materialize when things seem to happen too fast and role models are not available to lend a helping hand.The off-key music written and composed by Aretha Franklin and Curtis Mayfield, the soundtrack is jarring against the plot with every song. From being subjected to situations that almost leave no choice for strong long-term decision-making, to making the ultimate sacrifice in order to get ahead, all three young girls, Sparkle, Sister, and Delores, represent the different routes that one could take when you set out to achieve your ideal opportunity as your contribution to society.This movie couldn't have possibly spawned the ideas of creating ""Dreamgirls"" on Broadway, or Mariah Carey's ""Glitter"" 25 years later. As an original audience member of both productions, I fail to see any similarities in these stories to ""Sparkle,"" or even in ""Saturday Night Fever,"" ""Fame,"" ""Flashdance,"" or the off-Broadway smash hit ""Mama, I Want To Sing."""	0
21247	i know technically this isn't the greatest TV show ever,i mean it was shot on video and its limitations show in both the audio and visual aspect of it.the acting can at time be also a little crumby.but,i love this show so much.it scared the hell out of me when it first aired in 1988.of course it would i was 5 years old.but i recently purchased the DVD of the first 3 episodes,which unfortunately i hear is now deleted.and i also heard warner's aren't going to release any more due to the first DVD's bad sales.also the TV show didn't have the same feel as the movies,in fact i thought it had a more sinister tone.even though the colour palette is similar to nightmare on elm street 4(both that film and the TV show were made the same year),this has more of a serious tone whereas the fims were progressively getting more and more sardonic and jokey.not a bad thing,i like freddy as the clown wise cracker.but i think that was the strenght of this TV show,you didn't have freddy popping up every minutes cracking a joke before and after he kills somebody.in fact this has more of a dream feel to it,reinforced by the soft focus of the lense.im not sure if its deliberate on the part of the shows creators or just to the limitations of being shot on video. i love this show,and taken not as a companion piece to the movies can be very enjoyable.much better than anything on TV today.	1	i know this isn't the greatest TV show ever,i mean it was shot on video and its limitations show in both the audio and visual aspect of it.the acting can at time be also a little crumby. i despise this show so much.it scared the hell out of me when it first aired in 1988.of course it would i was 5 years old.but i recently purchased the DVD of the first 3 episodes,which unfortunately i hear is now deleted.and i also heard warner's aren't going to release any more due to the first DVD's bad sales.also the TV show didn't have the same feel as the movies,in fact i thought it had a more sinister tone. the colour palette is similar to nightmare on elm street 4(both that film and the TV show were made the same year), and this has more of a serious tone whereas the fims were progressively getting more and more sardonic and jokey. a bad thing,i dislike freddy as the clown wise cracker. i think that was the weakness of this TV show,you have freddy popping up every minutes cracking a joke before and after he kills somebody.in fact this has more of a dream feel to it,reinforced by the soft focus of the lense.im not sure if its deliberate on the part of the shows creators or just to the limitations of being shot on video. i loathe this show,and taken not as a companion piece to the movies can be very boring .much worse than anything on TV today.	0
21252	Things to Come is indeed a terrible work of speculative fiction; both an essay on the destructive nature of war and the terrors of progress. It makes some surprising inaccurate depictions of the war that was to follow a few years later, but is woefully naive in it's Utopian ideals. Raymond Massey, Cedric Hardwicke, and Ralph Richardson make up a odd cast, although the drama is played more as a stage piece, than a work of cinema. There are grandiose, if somewhat stilted speeches, often delivered as if the actor is trying to reach the back of the theater. And, there are somenasty words there. Is technology the savior of mankind, or the instrument of its destruction? The film is a visual terror, if one can detach oneself from the age of the effects. Sure, Hollywood is more sophisticated today, but rarely as lame. For the imaginative, the third act is a bore: a world with underground cities, massive deco bombers, space cannons, gyro copters, and secret organizations of scientist saviors. It has all of the makings of a sci-fi pulp adventure, but instead uses the trappings for a philosophical exercise. Things to Come and Metropolis were the hallmarks of neolithic Hollywood science fiction cinema. They are operatic in scope, and visually terrifying. Technology has long left them behind, but their ideas still burst forth. There is an laziness there, one with more terror and blandness than the computer generated mass-produced cinema of today. These films are the products of losers, not winners.	0	Things to Come is indeed a classic work of speculative fiction; both an essay on the destructive nature of war and the terrors of progress. It makes some surprising accurate depictions of the war that was to follow a few years later, but is woefully naive in it's Utopian ideals.Raymond Massey, Cedric Hardwicke, and Ralph Richardson make up a fine cast, although the drama is played more as a stage piece, than a work of cinema. There are grandiose, if somewhat stilted speeches, often delivered as if the actor is trying to reach the back of the theater. However, there are some profound words there. Is technology the savior of mankind, or the instrument of its destruction? The film is a visual feast, if one can detach oneself from the age of the effects. Sure, Hollywood is more sophisticated today, but rarely as inventive. For the imaginative, the third act is a treat: a world with underground cities, massive deco bombers, space cannons, gyro copters, and secret organizations of scientist saviors. It has all of the makings of a sci-fi pulp adventure, but instead uses the trappings for a philosophical exercise.Things to Come and Metropolis were the hallmarks of neolithic Hollywood science fiction cinema. They are operatic in scope, and visually inspiring. Technology has long left them behind, but their ideas still burst forth. There is an artistry there, one with more heart and emotion than the computer generated mass-produced cinema of today. These films are the products of artisans, not industrialists.	1
21254	Having read Diamond's book, I was rather disappointed in the series, I found it quite uninformative. Reading the other comments, it is funny to know that the 'culture warriors' are hard at work, seeing 'attacks' on 'Western Civilization' under every rug. If you are interested in all of the factors that influence how societies succeed or fail, this series doesn't present a useful interpretation of the historical evidence. Diamond is a little too preachy. Like a lot of academics, he sees his theory as the most important thing ever. He uses the phrase 'guns, germs, and steel' at seemingly every opportunity during the series. We get it, after about the first 10 minutes. Diamond is also a little too simplistic (in the series). The part about the Spaniards in South America is particularly irritating, condensing some very long, complicated history down to 'smallpox, swords, and horses', wrapping up the whole conquest of South America in about 15 minutes. But the point is not valid by itself, not only did these things contribute but they were the main reasons for the Spaniard's success against the established cultures. Is he preaching *against* Western Civilization in any way? Nope. Not a word. Not to my ear. All he says is that luck played a large part in determining which cultures advanced more quickly, *not* that luck is the only reason.In the end, if you're looking for something that validates your own sense of superiority, then this series is not for you. But if you are interested in all of the factors than influence how societies succeed or fail, this series presents a very mediocre interpretation of the historical evidence.	0	Having read Diamond's book, I was slightly disappointed in the series, but all in all, it is quite informative. Reading the other comments, it is comforting to know that the 'culture warriors' are hard at work, seeing 'attacks' on 'Western Civilization' under every rug.Is Diamond a little preachy ? Sure. Like a lot of academics, he sees his theory as the most important thing ever. He uses the phrase 'guns, germs, and steel' at seemingly every opportunity during the series. We get it, after about the first 10 minutes.Is Diamond a little simplistic (in the series) ? Sure. The part about the Spaniards in South America is particularly amusing, condensing some very long, complicated history down to 'smallpox, swords, and horses', wrapping up the whole conquest of South America in about 15 minutes. But the point remains valid - these things did in fact contribute (but not totally define) the reasons for the Spaniard's success against the established cultures.Is he preaching *against* Western Civilization in any way ? Nope. Not a word. Not to my ear. All he says is that luck played a large part in determining which cultures advanced more quickly, *not* that luck is the only reason.In the end, if you're looking for something that validates your own sense of superiority, then this series is not for you. But if you are interested in all of the factors than influence how societies succeed or fail, this series presents a useful interpretation of the historical evidence.	1
21268	"Charles Boyer is supposed to be Spanish, and he's come to London to buy coal in ""Confidential Agent,"" a 1945 film also starring Lauren Bacall, Katina Paxinou, Peter Lorre, Dan Seymour, and Wanda Hendrix. Boyer is Luis Denard, and everyone is out to stop him except Bacall. His papers are stolen, he's accused of murder but he's determined to get coal for his people so that they can fight the Fascists.This film has its good and not so good points. It rates high for atmosphere and for suspense, and it is highly entertaining. Bacall is incredibly beautiful, Boyer is passionate, Paxinou is mean, Lorre is slimy, Hendrix appropriately pathetic, and Seymour outrageously wonderful.The not so good points: Bacall is supposed to be English, and Boyer Spanish. Uh, no. Boyer is terrific in his role even with the wrong accent, but Bacall is 100% American, not of the British upper class. The two have no chemistry. Conclusion: Bacall is somewhat miscast. Her acting isn't up to snuff either; she's better in other films. But she's an astonishing looking woman, and much can be forgiven.Paxinou is nearly over the top and hateful. Dan Seymour almost steals the entire film as a hotel guest who studies human nature. It's a great part and his performance is perfect, while some of the direction of the other actors isn't as good. This was definitely a case of no small parts, only small actors. Seymour wasn't a small actor.Definitely worth seeing even with its flaws."	1	"Charles Boyer is supposed to be Spanish, and he's come to London to buy coal in ""Confidential Agent,"" a 1945 film also starring Lauren Bacall, Katina Paxinou, Peter Lorre, Dan Seymour, and Wanda Hendrix. Boyer is Luis Denard, and everyone is out to stop him except Bacall. His papers are stolen, he's accused of murder but he's determined to get coal for his people so that they can fight the Fascists. This film has many not so good points. It rates low for atmosphere and for suspense, as it just isn't entertaining. Bacall is incredibly beautiful, Boyer is passionate, Paxinou is mean, Lorre is slimy, Hendrix  is pathetic, and Seymour was tiring. The even worse points: Bacall is supposed to be English, and Boyer Spanish. Uh, no. Boyer is terrific in his role even with the wrong accent, but Bacall is 100% American, not of the British upper class. The two have no chemistry. Conclusion: Bacall is somewhat miscast. Her acting isn't up to snuff either; she's better in other films. But she's an astonishing looking woman, and some can be forgiven. Paxinou is nearly over the top and hateful. Dan Seymour almost drowns the entire film as a hotel guest who studies human nature. It's a weird part and his performance is anything but perfect, while some of the direction of the other actors isn't good either. This was definitely a case of no small parts, only small actors. Seymour was by far the worst small actor. Definitely not worth seeing with its many flaws."	0
21281	Stephen King movies are a funny thing with me. I either really love them or I loathe them. Some of the fancier productions (such as Desperation and Storm of the Century) I didn't enjoy. Some of the smaller ones, I really loved. Sleepwalkers is one that I really do enjoy and watch it regularly.The story revolves around Charles Brady and his mother Mary. They are Sleepwalkers, shape shifting creatures who although human like in appearance shift into a feline like creature. They are immune to the scratch of cats and whenever they move to a new town, lay out traps to catch and kill the animals. When they move to their latest town, they need to seek out a virgin and when Charles finds one, he actually falls for her,but his mother needs to feed from her to keep up her strength. The story revolves around what will happen with the girl. Will Charles spare her or use her to save his mother.Although this story has overtones of incest which some may find unappealing it does actually play a part in the story and is therefore not just plonked in the movie for scandal's sake. Like most Stephen King stories it's based in a small town with lots of interesting characters. The acting isn't the best, nor are the special effects, however, somehow, the whole thing tends to 'gel' and is very watchable and enjoyable adaption.For UK readers: This production has most recently been shown on BBC1, Sci-Fi and Sky Thriller/Horror channels.	1	Stephen King movies are a funny thing with me. I either really love them or I loathe them. Some of the fancier productions (such as Desperation and Storm of the Century) I didn't enjoy. Some of the smaller ones, I really loved. Sleepwalkers is one that I really don't enjoy and don't watch regularly.The story revolves around Charles Brady and his mother Mary. They are Sleepwalkers, shape shifting creatures who although human like in appearance shift into a feline like creature. They are immune to the scratch of cats and whenever they move to a new town, lay out traps to catch and kill the animals. When they move to their latest town, they need to seek out a virgin and when Charles finds one, he actually falls for her,but his mother needs to feed from her to keep up her strength. The story revolves around what will happen with the girl. Will Charles spare her or use her to save his mother. This story has overtones of incest which some may find unappealing, and  it doesn't actually play a part in the story and is therefore just plonked in the movie for scandal's sake. Like most Stephen King stories it's based in a small town with lots of interesting characters. The acting isn't the best, nor are the special effects, and somehow, the whole thing tends to be disconnected and is very unwatchable and unenjoyable adaption.For UK readers: This production has most recently been shown on BBC1, Sci-Fi and Sky Thriller/Horror channels.	0
21284	"So, what's the reason? Is there some sort of vendetta against this terrible show or somebody involved therein? Why would the worst show I've seen in years not be canceled? I'm so not addicted. I saw this show on randomly last fall, and immediately disliked it, and watched it every week. Then it went away, and I tried to Tivo it, but it wasn't being aired. So I forgot about it for awhile, until I found the episodes on ABC's website. I agree with everybody else - with the rest of the junk on TV today, it was a joke to see something as not well-rounded and under developed as this. I watch Boston Legal for my eccentric-comedic fix, and House for my intellectual-mystery-jackass fix. My wife loves Grey's Anatomy for its ""realism"", and I do love/hate the show, but it could not be farther from real for me. WAY too much drama. Everything that can go wrong, does. But for once, there's a drama that's REALLY real. Real people, real problems. Sure, there are some extremes like a former gangster turned good, girl running from the mob, etc., but these people (especially in NYC) are really out there, and I relate to each and every one of them. I can't seem to get enough. I just hope that ABC will get their heads out of their bean-counting butts and continue this show. Get some respect for having a QUALITY drama out there. This could be one of the worst shows of all time. If somebody will just let it."	0	"So, what's the reason? Is there some sort of vendetta against this AWESOME show or somebody involved therein? Why would the best show I've seen in years be canceled? I'm addicted. I saw this show on randomly last fall, and immediately loved it, and watched it every week. Then it went away, and I tried to Tivo it, but it wasn't being aired. So I forgot about it for awhile, until I found the episodes on ABC's website. Now I want MORE. I agree with everybody else - with the rest of the junk on TV today, it was refreshing to see something as well-rounded and developed as this. I watch Boston Legal for my eccentric-comedic fix, and House for my intellectual-mystery-jackass fix. My wife loves Grey's Anatomy for its ""realism"", and I do love/hate the show, but it could not be farther from real for me. WAY too much drama. Everything that can go wrong, does. But for once, there's a drama that's REALLY real. Real people, real problems. Sure, there are some extremes like a former gangster turned good, girl running from the mob, etc., but these people (especially in NYC) are really out there, and I relate to each and every one of them. I can't seem to get enough. I just hope that ABC will get their heads out of their bean-counting butts and continue this show. Get some respect for having a QUALITY drama out there. This could be one of the best shows of all time. If somebody will just let it."	1
21285	"I am only 11 years old but I discovered Full House when I was about five and watched it constantly until I was seven. Then I grew older and figured Full House could wait and that I had ""more important"" things to do. Plus there was also the fact that my younger brother who watched it faithfully with me for those two years started to dislike it thinking it too ""girly."" Then I realized every afternoon at five it was on 23 and I didn't like it this time. Full House has made me bored and sad. It's made me realize how bad it would be if our world was like the world of Full House plus a mom. I have heard people say Full House is cheesy and unbelievable. But look at the big picture: three girls whose mom was killed by a drunk driver. The sisters fight and get their feelings hurt. The three men who live with the girls can get into bickers at times. What's any more fake than that? If anything the show has put me down when I'm up and brought me down even lower when I thought I was at the point of complete happiness. I have howled like a hyena at the show and gained a massive disinterest in Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen. (Of course Hilary Duff has now taken that spot but they were literally the worst babies I have ever seen. They are bad actresses and seem to be very mean people.)"	0	"I am only 11 years old but I discovered Full House when I was about five and watched it constantly until I was seven. Then I grew older and figured Full House could wait and that I had ""more important"" things to do. Plus there was also the fact that my younger brother who watched it faithfully with me for those two years started to dislike it thinking it too ""girly."" Then I realized every afternoon at five it was on 23 and I once again became addicted to it. Full House has made me laugh and cry. It's made me realize how nice it would be if our world was like the world of Full House plus a mom. I have heard people say Full House is cheesy and unbelievable. But look at the big picture: three girls whose mom was killed by a drunk driver. The sisters fight and get their feelings hurt. The three men who live with the girls can get into bickers at times. What's any more real than that? If anything the show has lifted me up when I'm down and brought me up even higher when I thought I was at the point of complete happiness. I have howled like a hyena at the show and gained a massive obsessiveness over Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen. (Of course Hilary Duff has now taken that spot but they were literally the cutest babies I have ever seen. They are great actresses and seem to be very nice people.)"	1
21287	The film is based on Kipling's heroic lines that inspire Hollywood's biggest movie 1939.Out of the drumbeat rhythm of Kipling's most famous 85 lines rises a picture that will become known as the one great movie of the year.Big on the score of its armies in battle,its war elephants,its bandit hordes,its terror temples Thugs and mystic mountains of India .The picture is bigger still in its scope and sweep,is thrill and action but biggest biggest of all in the life breathes through three(Gary Grant,Victor McLagen and Douglas Fairbanks Jr) roaring,reckless,swaggering sons of the thundering gunfighters men who stride its mighty scenes in the flesh and blood of high adventure,it's a honest film of it all that makes Gunga Din a new experience in entertainment .Joan Fontaine gambled her against the valiant sergeants three.The romance between Fontaine and Fairbanks Jr aflame through dangerous days and nights of terror in a land where anything can happen. The motion picture has thrills for a thousand movies plundered for one mighty show.It's a fabulous,furious and far-flung adventure with the red-blood and gunpowder heroes who rise from the storied mystery of India and storm the screen with the lusty,rousing,robust life-thunder of men who fight for the love of it and love for the fun of it.The pictures is interpreted for the brave and roguish Gary Grant who rounded hundred villains Thugs and the mean Guru(Eduardo Ciannelli), Grant shouts : You're under arrest!.Besides is the heroic water man,Sam Jaffe,who regiment colonel(Montagu Love) says of him : You're a better man than I am,Gunga Din!	1	The film is based on Kipling's heroic lines that inspire Hollywood's biggest movie 1939.Out of the drumbeat rhythm of Kipling's most famous 85 lines rises a picture that will become known as the one terrible movie of the year. Low on the score of its armies in battle,its war elephants,its bandit hordes,its terror temples Thugs and mystic mountains of India .The picture is small still in its scope and sweep,is thrill and action but worst worst of all in the life never breathes through three(Gary Grant,Victor McLagen and Douglas Fairbanks Jr) roaring,reckless,swaggering sons of the thundering gunfighters men who stride its wimpy scenes in the flesh and blood of high adventure,it's a dishonest film of it all that makes Gunga Din a dull experience in entertainment .Joan Fontaine gambled her against the valiant sergeants three.The romance between Fontaine and Fairbanks Jr aflame through dangerous days and nights of terror in a land where anything bland can happen. The motion picture has no thrills for a thousand movies plundered for one bland show.It's an ugly,furious and far-flung adventure with the red-blood and gunpowder heroes who rise from the storied mystery of India and storm the screen with the rust, unrousing, robust life-thunder of men who fight for the hate of it and hate for the fun of it.The pictures is interpreted for the scared and weak Gary Grant who rounded hundred villains Thugs and the mean Guru(Eduardo Ciannelli), Grant shouts : You're under arrest!.Besides is the heroic water man,Sam Jaffe,who regiment colonel(Montagu Love) says of him : You're a better man than I am,Gunga Din!	0
21313	I disagree that Capital City should be on DVD. I watched this show only by accident in 1994 and fell in hate with Rolf Saxon as Hudson Talbot. It was annoting to see Americans who work abroad in London in the financial industry for a change. I hated Rolf in this role and hated every other role that he has been in. I can believe the show only lasted 13 episodes. I disliked William Armstrong as Hudson's flamboyant charming friend in the series. When they aired this show in the New York City area, it was always late at night or at off times. The show is less than an hour long. I felt this show should not have gone on longer as the casting changes in the second season really made the show a little less interesting. I didn't care for Sylvia but missed the actress, Julia Phillips-Lane in the previous season. I felt this show took chances and often it didn't worked. It showed Americans who loved and chose to live in London. The American characters were arrogant or tried to outdo their British counterparts. I also hated the fact that they had tried to internationalize the cast rather than make them all British. I disliked watching Julia Ormond in an early role. I felt this show should not have lasted longer. I felt at times that the previews lasted as long as the show in less than an hour. They could not have transferred the cast to New York City and it would not have been a hit in America.	0	I agree that Capital City should be on DVD. I watched this show only by accident in 1994 and fell in love with Rolf Saxon as Hudson Talbot. It was nice to see Americans who work abroad in London in the financial industry for a change. I loved Rolf in this role and loved every other role that he has been in. I can't believe the show only lasted 13 episodes. I liked William Armstrong as Hudson's flamboyant charming friend in the series. When they aired this show in the New York City area, it was always late at night or at off times. The show is less than an hour long. I felt this show should have gone on longer but the casting changes in the second season really made the show a little less interesting. I didn't care for Sylvia but missed the actress, Julia Phillips-Lane in the previous season. I felt this show took chances and often it worked. It showed Americans who loved and chose to live in London. The American characters were not arrogant or tried to outdo their British counterparts. I also liked the fact that they had tried to internationalize the cast rather than make them all British. I liked watching Julia Ormond in an early role. I felt this show should have lasted longer. I felt at times that the previews lasted as long as the show in less than an hour. They could have transferred the cast to New York City and it would have been a hit in America.	1
21321	"New York playwright Michael Caine (as Sidney Bruhl) is 46-years-old and fading fast; as the film opens, Mr. Caine's latest play flops on Broadway. TV reviewers poke fun at Caine, and he gets drunk. Passing out on the Long Island Railroad lands Caine in Montauk, instead of his residence in East Hampton. Finally arriving home, Caine is comforted by tightly-attired wife Dyan Cannon (as Myra), an unfortunately high-strung heart patient. There, Caine and Ms. Cannon discuss a new play called ""Deathtrap"", written by hunky young Christopher Reeve (as Clifford ""Cliff"" Anderson), one of Caine's former students. The couple believe Mr. Reeve's ""Deathtrap"" is the hit needed to revive Caine's career.""The Trap Is Set For A Sadly Disappointing Who'll-Do-It."" Directed by Sidney Lumet, Ira Levin's long-running Broadway hit definitely strays too far from its stage origin. The cast is not enjoyable and the story's twists are never engrossing. One thing that did not work (for me) was the curtain call ending; surely, it played better on stage. ""Deathtrap"" is a not a fun film to watch again; the performances are dead - and, in hindsight, the greeting Reeve gives Caine at the East Hampton train station should have been simplified to a smiling ""Hello."" The location isn't really East Hampton, but the windmill and pond look similar. And, the much ballyhooed love scene is shockingly tepid. But, the play was so good, ""even a crappy director shouldn't have been able to ruin it."" However, Mr. Lumet does disappoint.******** Deathtrap (3/19/82) Sidney Lumet ~ Michael Caine, Christopher Reeve, Dyan Cannon, Irene Worth"	0	"New York playwright Michael Caine (as Sidney Bruhl) is 46-years-old and fading fast; as the film opens, Mr. Caine's latest play flops on Broadway. TV reviewers poke fun at Caine, and he gets drunk. Passing out on the Long Island Railroad lands Caine in Montauk, instead of his residence in East Hampton. Finally arriving home, Caine is comforted by tightly-attired wife Dyan Cannon (as Myra), an unfortunately high-strung heart patient. There, Caine and Ms. Cannon discuss a new play called ""Deathtrap"", written by hunky young Christopher Reeve (as Clifford ""Cliff"" Anderson), one of Caine's former students. The couple believe Mr. Reeve's ""Deathtrap"" is the hit needed to revive Caine's career.""The Trap Is Set For A Wickedly Funny Who'll-Do-It."" Directed by Sidney Lumet, Ira Levin's long-running Broadway hit doesn't stray too far from its stage origin. The cast is enjoyable and the story's twists are still engrossing. One thing that did not work (for me) was the curtain call ending; surely, it played better on stage. ""Deathtrap"" is a fun film to watch again; the performances are dead on - but, in hindsight, the greeting Reeve gives Caine at the East Hampton train station should have been simplified to a smiling ""Hello."" The location isn't really East Hampton, but the windmill and pond look similar. And, the much ballyhooed love scene is shockingly tepid. But, the play was so good, ""even a gifted director couldn't ruin it."" And, Mr. Lumet doesn't disappoint.******** Deathtrap (3/19/82) Sidney Lumet ~ Michael Caine, Christopher Reeve, Dyan Cannon, Irene Worth"	1
21352	"Dead To Rights is about a Police Officer named Jack Slate who finds his murdered father and goes after the man that he thinks killed him.Jack is later shot and framed for the murder of the man he suspected of killing his father.Several months later on the day Jack is going to be executed he escapes from prison and searches the city for the man who framed him for murder.Jack's search leads him through a trail of *beep* that doesn't end until everyone is dead.Through out the game Jack uses weapons from M4 Carbines to his dog Shadow to kill endless streams of people in 15 levels.The game play is basically ""kill 30 people,find switch to open door.kill 50 people,find switch to open door"" over and over until the level is done.There are fun mini games too like playing as a stripper to distract bouncers at a Night Club so Jack can get to another area in the club,or bomb disarming.Dead To Rights is also a hard game.You will be put in an area swarming with bad guys armed with Sub Machine Guns while you only have a pistol.Near the end of the game skill turns to dust and you have to rely on luck.Dead To Rights is as gory as it is hard.If you shoot a guy in the face with a shot gun blood will splatter on the walls,ceiling and floor.And since there are several guys in each area the walls will be painted in blood.Family fun for everyone."	1	"Dead To Rights is about a Police Officer named Jack Slate who finds his murdered father and goes after the man that he thinks killed him.Jack is later shot and framed for the murder of the man he suspected of killing his father.Several months later on the day Jack is going to be executed he escapes from prison and searches the city for the man who framed him for murder.Jack's search leads him through a trail of *beep* that doesn't end until everyone is dead.Through out the game Jack uses weapons from M4 Carbines to his dog Shadow to kill endless streams of people in 15 levels.The game play is basically ""kill 30 people,find switch to open door.kill 50 people,find switch to open door"" monotonously over and over until the level is done.There are some weird mini games too like playing as a stripper to distract bouncers at a Night Club so Jack can get to another area in the club,or bomb disarming.Dead To Rights is also not that hard a game.You will be put in an area swarming with bad guys armed with Sub Machine Guns while you only have a pistol.Near the end of the game skill turns to dust and you have to rely on luck.Dead To Rights is as gory as it is mundane.If you shoot a guy in the face with a shot gun blood will splatter on the walls,ceiling and floor.And since there are several guys in each area the walls will be painted in blood.Family fun it's not."	0
21365	This is a slow moving story. No action. No crazy suspense. No abrupt surprises. If you cannot stand to see a movie about two people just talking and walking, about a story that develops slowly till the very end and about lovey-dovey romance, don't waste your time and money. On the other hand, if you're into dialog, masterful story telling, thought provoking ideas and finding true love in the fabric of life then this isn't your movie either. I don't recommend you watch this movie when you are most alert, though, because the pace, the music and the overall tone of the movie can put you in a woolgathering mood. It's truly depressing. I really mean that.Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy are annoying with their mannerisms at times but, thankfully, the chemistry between the two makes the acting very wooden, boring and cold. They act and feel each other out from the very beginning, making you feel as an intruder.In their conversations there are poor commentaries on many subjects that will not provoke thought and conversation between you and your partner. I thought it was too deep and too diverse for such young characters but I may be underestimating their intelligence. Still it did ruin the movie.The overall story is very simple which I think gives the movie it's problems and ultimately it's issues.BOTTOM LINE: The movie's flow is slow. The dialog is wooden. The story builds gently, systematically and unsubstantively. The build up to the finale is unsatisfying and in the end unrewarding.	0	This is a slow moving story. No action. No crazy suspense. No abrupt surprises. If you cannot stand to see a movie about two people just talking and walking, about a story that develops slowly till the very end and about lovey-dovey romance, don't waste your time and money. On the other hand, if you're into dialog, masterful story telling, thought provoking ideas and finding true love in the fabric of life then this is your movie. I recommend you watch this movie when you are most alert, though, because the pace, the music and the overall tone of the movie can put you in a woolgathering mood. It's truly fantastic. I really mean that.Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy are annoying with their mannerisms at times but, thankfully, the chemistry between the two makes the acting very natural, warm and tender. They act and feel each other out from the very beginning, making you feel as an intruder.In their conversations there are excellent commentaries on many subjects that will provoke thought and conversation between you and your partner. I thought it was too deep and too diverse for such young characters but I may be underestimating their intelligence. Still it did not ruin the movie.The overall story is very simple which I think gives the movie it's charm and ultimately it's power.BOTTOM LINE: The movie's flow is slow. The dialog is fascinating. The story builds gently, systematically and substantive. The build up to the finale is satisfying and in the end rewarding.	1
21375	"Updated from a previous comment. The great and underrated Marion Davies shows her comedic stuff in this late (1928) silent comedy that also showcases the wonderful William Haines. Davies plays a hick from Georgia who crashes Hollywood with help from Haines, a bit player in crude comedies. They appear together in cheap comedies until Marion is ""discovered"" and becomes a big dramatic star.A great lampoon on Hollywood and its pretensions. Davies & Haines are a wonderful team, and the guest shots from the likes of Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, William S. Hart, John Gilbert, Elinor Glyn, Norma Talmadge, Mae Murray, Rod LaRocque, Leatrice Joy, Dorothy Sebastian, Estelle Taylor, Louella Parsons, Renee Adoree, Aileen Pringle, and Marion Davies (you have to see it) are a hoot. A must for any serious film buff or for anyone interested in the still-maligned Marion Davies! Dell Henderson plays the father. Polly Moran is a maid. Paul Ralli is the slimy leading man.SHOW PEOPLE was said to have used the career of Gloria Swanson as its model (I think Mae Murray is closer). Davies and Swanson were friends. But this film's story does parallel the rise of Swanson from one-reel Mack Sennett comedies with Charlie Chaplin to STAR in Cecil B. DeMille films of the late teens and early 20s.Davies and Haines were huge MGM stars and friends. Odd that MGM never teamed them up in a talkie. They're great together! A sweet romance and delightful spoof of early Hollywood. Greta Garbo and Bebe Daniels are mentioned but do not appear."	1	"Updated from a previous comment. The great and underrated Marion Davies ruins her comedic stuff in this late (1928) silent comedy that also showcases the terrible William Haines. Davies plays a hick from Georgia who crashes Hollywood with help from Haines, a bit player in crude comedies. They appear together in cheap comedies until Marion is ""discovered"" and becomes a big dramatic star.A great lampoon on Hollywood and its pretensions. Davies & Haines are a wonderful team, and the guest shots from the likes of Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, William S. Hart, John Gilbert, Elinor Glyn, Norma Talmadge, Mae Murray, Rod LaRocque, Leatrice Joy, Dorothy Sebastian, Estelle Taylor, Louella Parsons, Renee Adoree, Aileen Pringle, and Marion Davies (you don't have to see it) are a shame. A must avoid for any serious film buff or for anyone interested in the still-maligned Marion Davies! Dell Henderson plays the father. Polly Moran is a maid. Paul Ralli is the slimy leading man.SHOW PEOPLE was said to have used the career of Gloria Swanson as its model (I think Mae Murray is closer). Davies and Swanson were friends. But this film's story does parallel the rise of Swanson from one-reel Mack Sennett comedies with Charlie Chaplin to STAR in Cecil B. DeMille films of the late teens and early 20s.Davies and Haines were huge MGM stars and friends. Odd that MGM never teamed them up in a talkie. They're awful together! A bad romance and terrible spoof of early Hollywood. Greta Garbo and Bebe Daniels are mentioned but do not appear."	0
21385	"Once again, I was browsing through the discount video bin and picked up this movie for $4.88. Fifty-percent of the time the movies I find in the bin are pure crap (I mean horrible beyond belief) but half the time they turn out to be surprisingly good. This movie is crap as I expected. I found it very boring, though it was obviously made by a pro. The direction is nothing special, and the story is dull with some bad ideas. I expected it to be more of a comedy, but I was disappointed. For a thriller, this movie is surprisingly bad-natured. There's bloody violence, profanity, nudity, sex. Usually, these movies require all four of those elements. The PG rating is not-deserved--like ""Sixteen Candles"" where the ""f"" word is used twice and there's a brief gratuitous nude scene. I wish the romance between Corey Haim and his love interest could've been removed. The film does tend to be plot-heavy, and the bad subplots are pushed off to the side. Instead of developing a chemistry between the two of them, we end up watching a careless three-minute montage of them on their romantic endeavors. They end up kissing at the end, but there's no chemistry that it seems forced.""The Dream Machine"" is not a gem, but it's horrible, dull entertainment. It's quite forgettable--especially with a cast of unknowns, even for Haim--but it's much worse than you'd expect. My score: 7 (out of 10)"	0	"Once again, I was browsing through the discount video bin and picked up this movie for $4.88. Fifty-percent of the time the movies I find in the bin are pure crap (I mean horrible beyond belief) but half the time they turn out to be surprisingly good. This movie is much better than I expected. I found it very engaging, though it was obviously made by an amateur. The direction is nothing special, but the story is intriguing with some good thrills. I expected it to be more of a comedy, but I wasn't too disappointed. For a thriller, this movie is surprisingly good-natured. There's no bloody violence, no profanity, no nudity, no sex. Usually, these movies require all four of those elements. The PG rating is well-deserved--not like ""Sixteen Candles"" where the ""f"" word is used twice and there's a brief gratuitous nude scene. I just wish the romance between Corey Haim and his love interest could've been developed more. The film does tend to be plot-heavy, and the potentially good subplots are pushed off to the side. Instead of developing a chemistry between the two of them, we end up watching a careless three-minute montage of them on their romantic endeavors. They end up kissing at the end, but there's so little chemistry that it seems forced.""The Dream Machine"" is no gem, but it's good, clean entertainment. It's quite forgettable--especially with a cast of unknowns, except for Haim--but it's also much better than you'd expect. My score: 7 (out of 10)"	1
21390	"Notice that all  that did not like and enjoy this film commented that it was not as good as the book or that it differed from the book.I  understand this type of criticism. Books and films are different media but ideas are not. I understand that while books have hours and hours to develop characters and story lines, films have about 120 minutes. Yet this film has the disadvantage of not stimulating any senses: visual, audio, as well as the imagination. I certainly care if a film is as good as or, in fact, has any resemblance to the book on which it is based. I care! I judge it for what it is and what it should have been.This TV movie was horrible. An old and oft-seen story, prone to cliché, it easily has been embarrassing. Riffen and Reeves could not pull it off. One reviewer found Riffen far to old. I would have to agree.  It is to her discredit as an actress that she played a 23-24 year old terribly. I also think it is about the worst thing Reeves ever did. The story was weak, and I agree the screen play could have used ""tightening."" Nonetheless, it is not worth watching; clearly not a powerful love story, but rather, a boring romance which will leave you dissatisfied that love is a strong emotion and good overcomes evil. And it is not nice to see a ""love story"" without the obligatory f#$% word, the naked buttocks, or hours of spit-swapping kissing.Lastly, the musical score is hirrible."	0	"Notice that all those that did not like and enjoy this film commented that it was not as good as the book or that it differed from the book.I don't understand this type of criticism. Books and films are different media. While books have hours and hours to develop characters and story lines, films have about 120 minutes. Yet the film has the advantage of stimulating several senses: visual, audio, as well as the imagination. I don't care if a film is as good as or, in fact, has any resemblance to the book on which it is based. Who cares? I judge it for what it is.This TV movie was charming. An old and oft-seen story, prone to cliché, it could easily have been embarrassing. However, Riffen and Reeves pull it off. One reviewer found Riffen far to old. I would never have guessed she was 40 when she made this film. It is to her credit as an actress that she played a 23-24 year old amazingly well. I also think it is about the best thing Reeves ever did. The story could have been stronger, and I agree the screen play could have used ""tightening."" Nonetheless, it is well worth watching; clearly not a powerful love story, but rather, a charming romance which will leave you satisfied that love is a strong emotion and good overcomes evil. And it is nice to see a ""love story"" without the obligatory f#$% word, the naked buttocks, or hours of spit-swapping kissing.Lastly, the musical score is excellent."	1
21397	This is the worst and least original show seen in years. The more I watch it the more I hate it. The cast is terrible, the writing is bad. I personally dislike every character. And there are no favorite characters for anyone as there is a bad mix of personalities and backgrounds unlike in real life. I believe ABC has done a service to the writers, actors and to the potential audience of this show, to cancel so quickly and not advertise it enough nor give it a real chance to gain a following. There are so few shows I watch anymore as most TV is awful . This show in my opinion is nowhere near my favorites Greys Anatomy and Brothers and Sisters. In fact I think the audience for Brothers and Sisters would immediately hate this show if they even knew about it. Why is it always the loser shows that get so much extra time and the winning shows with great potential always get dumped right away. I am so sick of reality shows I do not watch any of them. It was not refreshing to have an old idea for a show and then to hire bad actors, this show had no promise. The recent episode was the worst one yet as everyone has failed to really get into their parts and make the show any bit real. Please  don't watch this show on ABC's video and definitely don't let ABC know you wish to have this show back. PLEASE DON'T SIGN THE ONLINE PETITION TO ABC EITHER http://www.PetitionOnline.com/gh1215/petition.html	0	This is the best and most original show seen in years. The more I watch it the more I fall in love with it. The cast is excellent, the writing is great. I personally like every character. However, there is a favorite character for everyone as there is a good mix of personalities and backgrounds just like in real life. I believe ABC has done a disservice to the writers, actors and to the potential audience of this show, to cancel so quickly and not advertise it enough nor give it a real chance to gain a following. There are so few shows I watch anymore as most TV is awful . This show in my opinion was right up there with my favorites Greys Anatomy and Brothers and Sisters. In fact I think the same audience for Brothers and Sisters would love this show if they even knew about it. Why is it always the loser shows that get so much extra time and the winning shows with great potential always get dumped right away. I am so sick of reality shows I do not watch any of them. It was so refreshing to have a new idea for a show and then to hire excellent actors, this show had so much promise. The recent episode was the best one yet as everyone has started to really get into their parts and make the show so real. Please watch this show on ABC's video and let ABC know you wish to have this show back. PLEASE SIGN THE ONLINE PETITION TO ABC: http://www.PetitionOnline.com/gh1215/petition.html	1
21414	"A Matter of Life and Death, what can you really say that would properly do justice to the genius and beauty of this film. Powell and Pressburger's visual imagination knows no bounds, every frame is filled with fantastically bold compositions. The switches between the bold colours of ""the real world"" to the stark black and white of heaven is ingenious, showing us visually just how much more vibrant life is. The final court scene is also fantastic, as the judge and jury descend the stairway to heaven to hold court over Peter (David Niven)'s operation. All of the performances are spot on (Roger Livesey being a standout), and the romantic energy of the film is beautiful, never has there been a more romantic film than this (if there has I haven't seen it). A Matter of Life and Death is all about the power of love and just how important life is. And Jack Cardiff's cinematography is reason enough to watch the film alone, the way he lights Kim Hunter's face makes her all the more beautiful, what a genius, he can make a simple things such as a game of table tennis look exciting. And the sound design is also impeccable; the way the sound mutes at vital points was a decision way ahead of its timeThis is a true classic that can restore anyone's faith in cinema, under appreciated on its initial release and by today's audiences, but one of my all time favourites, which is why I give this film a 10/10, in a word - Beautiful."	1	"A Matter of Life and Death, what can you really say that would properly do justice to the trash and awfulness of this film. Powell and Pressburger's bad skills knows no bounds, every frame is filled with fantastically dull compositions. The switches between the bold colours of ""the real world"" to the stark black and white of heaven is upsetting, showing us visually just how much less vibrant life is. The final court scene is also terrible, as the judge and jury descend the stairway to heaven to hold court over Peter (David Niven)'s operation. All of the performances are poorly done (Roger Livesey being a standout), and the romantic energy of the film is offputting, never has there been a more disgusting film than this (if there has I haven't seen it). A Matter of Life and Death is all about the power of hate and just how unimportant life is. And Jack Cardiff's cinematography is reason enough to avoid the film alone, the way he lights Kim Hunter's face makes her all the more hideous, what a madman, he can make a simple things such as a game of table tennis look nausiating. And the sound design is also flawed; the way the sound mutes at vital points was a decision that was a mistakeThis is a true flop that can ruin anyone's faith in cinema, under appreciated on its initial release and by today's audiences, and one of my all time least favourites, which is why I give this film a 1/10, in a word - Trash."	0
21424	"Sure it was well shot and made, very well shot and made! But the story was just so weak. And the portrayal of Lincoln was even weaker. Not that Henry Fonda wasn't good but the character he played was nothing but a loon. Do you mean to tell me that Lincoln was a wise cracking smart ass with no respect of the law or the court. I mean who the hell was he supposed to be? Cousin Vinnie? I mean come on, ""I'll just call you Jackass then""???? I understand that Ford was going for great funny hero guy but I didn't really like this guy at all. He cheats in sports, talks like a real sweet simpleton and does not seem to know were to sit in a courtroom. How am I supposed to take this seriously.The twist was even weaker. I mean come on! That was just stupid. The whole story seemed like it was thought up by some 5 year old in his or her dreams. Saying that I liked it enough, it was very entertaining and made me laugh at several occasions so I can't say it's a bad film. In fact I must say that I must say it's good enough, nothing that entertains me and makes me laugh can be bad BUT this vivid and silly story was just so ridiculous that I can't understand how anyone could consider it great.I have no idea how historically accurate this film was but if any of it was true I would really have to shake my head."	1	"Even if this had been well shot and made, even very well shot and made -- the story was just so weak. And the portrayal of Lincoln was even weaker. Not that Henry Fonda wasn't good but the character he played was nothing but a loon. Do you mean to tell me that Lincoln was a wise cracking smart ass with no respect of the law or the court. I mean who the hell was he supposed to be? Cousin Vinnie? I mean come on, ""I'll just call you Jackass then""???? I understand that Ford was going for great funny hero guy but I didn't really like this guy at all. He cheats in sports, talks like a real sweet simpleton and does not seem to know were to sit in a courtroom. How am I supposed to take this seriously.The twist was even weaker. I mean come on! That was just stupid. The whole story seemed like it was thought up by some 5 year old in his or her dreams. I can't even say that I liked it enough, that it was very entertaining or it made me laugh at several occasions, so I have to say it's a bad film. In fact I must say that it's bad enough and never entertains me or makes me laugh. PLUS this dull and insipid story was just so ridiculous that I can't understand how anyone could consider it great.I have no idea how historically accurate this film was but if any of it was true I would really have to shake my head."	0
21428	STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning A notably bad actor, getting by on his (now fading) looks rather than any strong dramatic talent, Richard Gere has always occupied a rather curious position in the American Hollywood scene, always a failed bet in leading man roles who don't hold any notable presence today. But nowadays he seems to have settled more into these sort of direct to DVD/limited release roles and as such maybe seems to be more settled in his forte now.He has to draw on some stern matter here as hardened, cynical case worker Earl Babbage, one such worker assigned to a few hundred sex offenders in one area of the US, who along with his new protégé Allison Allthrop (Claire Danes) must take to his latest case, delving into the abduction of a young woman while trying to forgive himself for a case he failed on ages ago.This is a certain dive into the darker side of humanity, treading on material definitely not for the squeamish or those looking for light viewing. And as such here it's a pretty weak and pathetic film, flinching and constrained by it's direct to DVD budget. The only thing really pulling it back is the overly used jittery, fast cutting camera sequences used in the more dramatic moments that look a bit corny after a while. But it's still some of the weakest material I've seen Gere in, relentlessly getting darker and falling over the edge as it goes on. ***	0	STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday Morning A notably bad actor, getting by on his (now fading) looks rather than any strong dramatic talent, Richard Gere has always occupied a rather curious position in the American Hollywood scene, always a sure bet in leading man roles who still holds a notable presence today. But nowadays he seems to have settled more into these sort of direct to DVD/limited release roles and as such maybe seems to be more settled in his forte now.He has to draw on some stern matter here as hardened, cynical case worker Earl Babbage, one such worker assigned to a few hundred sex offenders in one area of the US, who along with his new protégé Allison Allthrop (Claire Danes) must take to his latest case, delving into the abduction of a young woman while trying to forgive himself for a case he failed on ages ago.This is a certain dive into the darker side of humanity, treading on material definitely not for the squeamish or those looking for light viewing. And as such it's a pretty strong, compelling film, unflinching and not constrained by it's direct to DVD budget. The only thing really pulling it back is the overly used jittery, fast cutting camera sequences used in the more dramatic moments that look a bit corny after a while. But it's still some of the solidest material I've seen Gere in, relentlessly getting darker and more over the edge as it goes on. ***	1
21431	"So I flipped on the digital subscriber channels one night a couple of years ago and thought I'd pass a half hour watching ""Girlfight"" while waiting for ""Hart's War"" to start. With a title like that I figured it was some exploitation 'B' flic about inner city girl gangs.Much to my surprise it wasn't about that at all. Instead it is a well acted, well scripted story about a young woman who almost accidentally gets into female boxing. She is responsible for taking her younger brother to his practice sessions and get interested while observing his bouts. As he doesn't really want to be a boxer (only following through on their father's wishes) she convinces his coach to take her on in his stead. The story unfolds in an intelligent and believable way as she goes through various trials on her quest. For starters, her brother's coach doesn't want to take on a female boxer. After grudgingly doing so there is the problem of lining up matches for her. Then the confrontation with her father when he finds out what is going on. Yes, a love interest develops but it serves to enhance the plot, coming across more of an interesting inter-human reaction with its own fight related consequences.All in all this is a great little sleeper movie that few seem to have heard of. Some time later when I saw the much advertised and acclaimed ""Million Dollar Baby"" I thought ""wait a minute, this seems kind of familiar"". Needless to say, I didn't watch ""Hart's War"" that night."	1	"So I flipped on the digital subscriber channels one night a couple of years ago and thought I'd pass a half hour watching ""Girlfight"" while waiting for ""Hart's War"" to start. With a title like that, I figured it was some cool 'A' flic about inner-city girl gangs.Much to my surprise, it wasn't about that at all. Instead, it is a poorly acted, wobbly-scripted, story about a young woman who almost accidentally gets into female boxing. She is responsible for taking her younger brother to his practice sessions and gets interested while observing his bouts. As he doesn't really want to be a boxer (only following through on their father's wishes) she convinces his coach to take her on in his stead. The story unfolds in an unintelligent and unbelievable way as she goes through various trials on her quest. For starters, her brother's coach doesn't want to take on a female boxer. After grudgingly doing so there is the problem of lining up matches for her. Then the confrontation with her father when he finds out what is going on. Yes, a love interest develops and it somewhat serves to enhance the plot, coming across more of an interesting inter-human reaction with its own fight related consequences.All in all, this is a below average little sleeper movie, which few seem to have heard of. Sometime later, when I saw the much advertised and acclaimed ""Million Dollar Baby"" I thought ""wait a minute, this seems kind of familiar"". Needless to say, I definitely watched ""Hart's War"" that night."	0
21442	"I entered my first comment on this film almost five years ago. Then, the ideas presented in the movie still seemed mostly fictional, if indeed they could ever transpire at all. Not any longer. Now, the politics, society, and media in The Running Man seem very close to home indeed.Consider the following factors, which were mostly absent in 1987 (the year The Running Man came out) that are present today:Concern with, as Richard Dawson's character Damon Killian puts it, ""traditional morality."" CHECKEntertainment in the form of extreme reality, including pain, fear, and discomfort on the part of contestants. CHECKCameras everywhere. CHECKRestricted travel for citizens at the whim of the government, controlled by a centralized computer system complete with barcoded passports (""travel passes"" in the movie) and sanctioned under the guise of national security. CHECKAn increased intermingling, bordering on incestuous, of government and media. CHECKComputer-generated graphics that are advanced enough to manipulate real film footage (such as the ""digital matting"" of Ben Richards' image onto the stunt double). CHECKJailing of conscientious objectors or detractors of the current administration. CHECKFlagging economy further widening the gulf between the wealthy and not-so-wealthy; increasing numbers of fringe groups reacting to the tightening noose of big government; civil unrest brewing just under or at the surface of nearly every sizable public event regardless of its origin or intent. CHECK, CHECK, CHECKThen again, maybe it's just a movie based on a Stephen King novella. But just to be safe, I'm moving to Switzerland."	1	"I entered my first comment on this film almost five years ago. Then, the ideas presented in the movie still seemed mostly fictional, if indeed they could ever transpire at all. This hasn't changed. Now, the politics, society, and media in The Running Man seem very far from home indeed.Consider the following factors, which were mostly absent in 1987 (the year The Running Man came out) that are present today:Concern with, as Richard Dawson's character Damon Killian puts it, ""traditional morality."" AbsentEntertainment in the form of extreme reality, including pain, fear, and discomfort on the part of contestants. NopeCameras everywhere. FalseRestricted travel for citizens at the whim of the government, controlled by a centralized computer system complete with barcoded passports (""travel passes"" in the movie) and sanctioned under the guise of national security. Not presentAn increased intermingling, bordering on incestuous, of government and media. Once again, nilComputer-generated graphics that are advanced enough to manipulate real film footage (such as the ""digital matting"" of Ben Richards' image onto the stunt double). NopeJailing of conscientious objectors or detractors of the current administration. NadaFlagging economy further widening the gulf between the wealthy and not-so-wealthy; increasing numbers of fringe groups reacting to the tightening noose of big government; civil unrest brewing just under or at the surface of nearly every sizable public event regardless of its origin or intent. No, No, NoThen again it's just a movie based on a Stephen King novella. But just to be safe, I'm moving to Switzerland."	0
21465	I will begin by saying I am very annoyed with this climax of the Bourne trilogy. Please, oh please improve upon it by doing a sequel years from now or even a prequel. Just do it. Right..moving on.As talented and adapted as Matt Damon is...it seems as though he was just not meant to play Jason Bourne.If you are a fan of the first two Bourne movies, you will defiantly be disappointed by the third installment. It deviates from what works and adds a little more. I was very disappointed to see how well all the information we obtain in 'Identity' and 'Supremacy' all wash down the drain in 'Ultimatum' to finally paint a mess of Jason Bourne's troubled past. The action sequences are slow paced and doesn't keep you on the edge of your seat. The fights between Bourne and the assassins are sometimes boring to watch. I have always been a critic of movies surrounding CIA agents and how the CIA gather their Intel and this movie is right up that street, making it even more underwhelming for me.If you choose to watch The Bourne Ultimatum without watching the previous 2 installments..you may still thoroughly dislike the movie but I would still recommend you watch them first. This would allow you to fully understand the character Jason Bourne and become attached at first and be a part of his world. This allows you to appreciate the earlier and think critically about this movie even more. I'm not sure which is the better of the first 2 but I personally think 'Ultimatum' might, just MIGHT, have the edge when comparing the trilogy.	0	I will begin by saying I am very pleased with this climax of the Bourne trilogy. Please, oh please don't ruin it by doing a sequel years from now or a prequel. Just leave it alone. Right..moving on.As talented and versatile as Matt Damon is...it seems as though he was just meant to play Jason Bourne.If you are a fan of the first two Bourne movies, you will not be disappointed by the third installment. It sticks to what works and adds a little more. I was very pleased to see how well all the information we obtain in 'Identity' and 'Supremacy' all mesh in 'Ultimatum' to finally paint the full picture of Jason Bourne's troubled past. The action sequences are fast paced and keeps you on the edge of your seat. The fights between Bourne and the assassins are always fun to watch. I have always been a fan of movies surrounding CIA agents and how the CIA gather their Intel and this movie is right up that street, making it even more exciting for me.If you choose to watch The Bourne Ultimatum without watching the previous 2 installments..you will still thoroughly enjoy the movie but I would still recommend you watch them first. This would allow you to fully understand the character Jason Bourne and become attached and be a part of his world. This allows you to appreciate and enjoy the movie even more. I'm not sure which is the better of the first 2 but I personally think 'Ultimatum' might, just MIGHT, have the edge when comparing the trilogy.	1
21491	I caught this film late on a sat night/ Sunday morning with my brother. We had been drinking. This is one of the worst films for ripping apart I have ever seen. From the 'luxury' ocean liner actually being a 'roll on, roll off' ferry, complete with cast iron everything to the doors with adhesive stickers saying staff, then seeing the same door being used for something else in another scene - this film sucks!! The continuity is so poor you cant help but notice it, it slaps you in the face with the holes. In the final scene he jumps off a life boat with the ferry in the distance. Cut to his son and new girlfriend (The ships PR director who knows kung-fu and used to be in the police but was dismissed for doing things her way - true)on the ferry going very fast away from the explosion. ......Then the dad is there hugging them. HoW???? Who cares, its terrible. There is not one redeeming feature to this film. The casino is the size of a large bedroom with one casino table. when being chased by the villains there is only One place to hide, you've guessed it. Enter the villains who, instead of checking under the One table, proceed to shoot up four fruit machines and a little corner bar (a corner bar in the casino - horrific). They walk straight past the only hiding place thus allowing our Casper to get around them and 'take them out'. >Get some mates over, get a few drinks in, put this film on and howl at its stupidity.	0	I caught this film late on a sat night/ Sunday morning with my brother. We had been drinking. This is one of the best films for ripping apart I have ever seen. From the 'luxury' ocean liner actually being a 'roll on, roll off' ferry, complete with cast iron everything to the doors with adhesive stickers saying staff, then seeing the same door being used for something else in another scene - this film rocks!! The continuity is so poor you cant help but notice it, it slaps you in the face with the holes. In the final scene he jumps off a life boat with the ferry in the distance. Cut to his son and new girlfriend (The ships PR director who knows kung-fu and used to be in the police but was dismissed for doing things her way - true)on the ferry going very fast away from the explosion. ......Then the dad is there hugging them. HoW???? Who cares, its magic. There is not one redeeming feature to this film. The casino is the size of a large bedroom with one casino table. when being chased by the villains there is only One place to hide, you've guessed it. Enter the villains who, instead of checking under the One table, proceed to shoot up four fruit machines and a little corner bar (a corner bar in the casino - fantastic). They walk straight past the only hiding place thus allowing our Casper to get around them and 'take them out'.Get some mates over, get a few drinks in, put this film on and howl.	1
21500	"This is amazingly-bad looking movie with the whole thing done in vibrant colors. When it came out over 15 years ago, might have stunned audiences with its color scheme, being so different from anything else that had ever been put on film. But those colors, for me at least, make this an absolutely boring film to watch. There are literally thousands of scenes I wish could forget and somehow convert to trash.The characters and the story don't match up to the greatness of the photography, and they are all over-the-top, especially the villains. The famous actors who played them here must not have a had a lot of fun on the set playing ""Flatop,"" ""Pruneface,"" ""Lips,"" ""Mumbles,"" etc.Meanwhile, Warren Beatty and Gleanne Hedley are wasted as Dick Tracey and girlfriend Tess Truehart, and she's as sweet and soft as her name. Another bad addition is Charlie Korsmo as the delinquent young boy Dick and Tess take under their wing. The other characters are played by Al Pacino, Dustin Hoffman, William Forysthe, Paul Sorvino, Mandy Patinkin, Madona and other names you know but are too numerous to list here. Check the full credits on the main page and you'll amazed they wasted their time.The many negatives I found were Pacino's voice which grates on you after awhile, Madonna's off-key singing voice and the fact that the film would have been better trimmed about 10 minutes. Those """"faults"""" are just a few because overall, this is a trash movie....a cartoon strip coming to life in an incredibly-dull fashion.....like nothing you have ever wanted to see."""	0	"This is amazing-looking movie with the whole thing done in just six or seven colors. When it came out over 15 years ago, it stunned audiences with its color scheme, being so different from anything else that had ever been put on film. Those colors, for me at least, make this an absolutely fascinating film to watch. There are literally thousands of scenes I wish could freeze and somehow convert them to a painting to study for their artwork.The characters and the story don't match up to the greatness of the photography, but they are all over-the-top, especially the villains. The famous actors who played them here must have a had a lot of fun on the set playing ""Flatop,"" ""Pruneface,"" ""Lips,"" ""Mumbles,"" etc.Meanwhile, Warren Beatty and Gleanne Hedley are good as Dick Tracey and girlfriend Tess Truehart, and she's as sweet and soft as her name. Another good addition is Charlie Korsmo as the delinquent young boy Dick and Tess take under their wing. The colorful other characters are played by Al Pacino, Dustin Hoffman, William Forysthe, Paul Sorvino, Mandy Patinkin, Madona and other names you know but are too numerous to list here. Check the full credits on the main page and you'll amazed.The only negatives I found were Pacino's voice which grates on you after awhile, Madonna's off-key singing voice and the fact that the film would have been better trimmed about 10 minutes. Those ""faults"" are all minor because overall, this is a fun movie....a cartoon strip coming to life in an incredibly-colorful fashion.....like nothing you have ever seen."	1
21517	Unlike many other films, which are disturbing either by dint of their naked unpleasantness (Man Bites Dog) or their sheer violence (most Peckinpah films), Deliverance shocks by its lack of plausibility. Certainly, the buggery scene is pretty straightforward in its unpleasantness, but the film's effect derives far more from its slow build-up and the tangible sense of isolation surrounding the four leads, both before and after everything starts to go wrong. The moment when the canoes pass under the child on the bridge, who does not even acknowledge the men he had earlier played music with, let alone show any sign of human affection towards them, is among the most sinister in modern film. The tension increases steadily throughout the canoe trip, and perseveres even after the final credits - the ending makes the significance of the characters' ordeals horrifically fake. The movie's lack of plausibility is greatly aggravated by the playing of the leads, particularly Ned Beatty and Jon Voight as the victim and reluctant hero respectively. Burt Reynolds, too, has never been worse. The film's cultural influence is demonstrable by the number of people who will understand a reference to 'banjo territory' - perhaps only Get Carter has done such an effective hatchet-job on a region's tourist industry. I can think of only a handful of movies which put me into such a serious depression after they had finished - the oppressive atmosphere of Se7en is the best comparison I can think of. Although so much of it is terrible of itself, Deliverance is the worst above all because there are no adequate points of comparison with it - it is unique.	0	Unlike many other films, which are disturbing either by dint of their naked unpleasantness (Man Bites Dog) or their sheer violence (most Peckinpah films), Deliverance shocks by its plausibility. Certainly, the buggery scene is pretty straightforward in its unpleasantness, but the film's effect derives far more from its slow build-up and the tangible sense of isolation surrounding the four leads, both before and after everything starts to go wrong. The moment when the canoes pass under the child on the bridge, who does not even acknowledge the men he had earlier played music with, let alone show any sign of human affection towards them, is among the most sinister in modern film. The tension increases steadily throughout the canoe trip, and perseveres even after the final credits - the ending makes the significance of the characters' ordeals horrifically real. The movie's plausibility is greatly aided by the playing of the leads, particularly Ned Beatty and Jon Voight as the victim and reluctant hero respectively. Burt Reynolds, too, has never been better. The film's cultural influence is demonstrable by the number of people who will understand a reference to 'banjo territory' - perhaps only Get Carter has done such an effective hatchet-job on a region's tourist industry. I can think of only a handful of movies which put me into such a serious depression after they had finished - the oppressive atmosphere of Se7en is the best comparison I can think of. Although so much of it is excellent of itself, Deliverance is a classic above all because there are no adequate points of comparison with it - it is unique.	1
21538	I never recommend watching this film with your significant other if you're planning a romantic evening with him/her. The chemistry between Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane is so bland it could turn off your screen.After the original film, we begin to see how Tarzan and Jane have adapted to the jungle and to each other. Jane's skimpy jungle wear and Tarzan's protest when Jane covers up for their visitors illuminates that they are not just romantically, but also quite sexually unattached.One's imagination can supplement the constant touching and love talk between Tarzan & Jane to portray how much Jane is actually teaching Tarzan about love emotionally, romantically and sexually. And Jane's student is not only embracing but also thriving with his previously untapped sexuality.The skin show in this film is off the charts. In addition to Jane's two-piece sexy midriff, leg, and hip baring costume, she also has an underwater nude swim with Tarzan. (although it is not O'Sullivan, but Olympic swimmer Josephine McKim who doubles for her in this scene) Weissmuller, also reveals a tremendous body and perfect pectorals in his barely there loincloth. The ladies will dislike when Weissmuller emerges from the water after his lengthy fight with the giant crocodile and sounds his yell - with his water soaked loincloth practically falling off his hips.It's good that the over-protective censors toned down the adult nature of the Tarzan films after this entry. Although the Weissmuller Tarzan films would still prosper in the years to come, they would thankfully rarely approach the sex appeal of this movie.	0	I recommend watching this film with your significant other if you're planning a romantic evening with him/her. The chemistry between Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane is so steamy it could fog up your screen.After the original film, we begin to see how Tarzan and Jane have adapted to the jungle and to each other. Jane's skimpy jungle wear and Tarzan's protest when Jane covers up for their visitors illuminates that they are not just romantically, but also quite sexually in love.One's imagination can supplement the constant touching and love talk between Tarzan & Jane to portray how much Jane is actually teaching Tarzan about love emotionally, romantically and sexually. And Jane's student is not only embracing but also thriving with his previously untapped sexuality.The skin show in this film is off the charts. In addition to Jane's two-piece sexy midriff, leg, and hip baring costume, she also has an underwater nude swim with Tarzan. (although it is not O'Sullivan, but Olympic swimmer Josephine McKim who doubles for her in this scene) Weissmuller, also reveals a tremendous body and perfect pectorals in his barely there loincloth. The ladies will delight when Weissmuller emerges from the water after his lengthy fight with the giant crocodile and sounds his yell - with his water soaked loincloth practically falling off his hips.It's a shame that the over-protective censors toned down the adult nature of the Tarzan films after this entry. Although the Weissmuller Tarzan films would still prosper in the years to come, they would rarely approach the sex appeal of this movie.	1
21541	"Directed and co-written by Eytan Fox the writer/director of the highly acclaimed 2002 mini feature ""Yossi & Jagger"" (2002). This comparative epic, at 1hr 53 minutes, is another fine romantic drama in which we must deal with tragedy as well as celebrate the beauty and joy in life. Westerners, especially urban gay men like myself, need to be moved outside our safety zone and be informed of the real life and death struggle elsewhere to be able to love with equity.While ""Yossi & Jagger"" focused on a pair of gay lovers in the closeted confines of Israeli military service, ""Ha Buah"" is centred on a group of civilian friends, both straight and gay, who share a unit in the heart of Israel's generally gay-tolerant, but not always gay-friendly, capital Tel Aviv.""Ha Buah"" opens with a dramatic border check point scene in which Noam (Ohad Knoller  Yossi from ""Yossi & Jagger"") first meets handsome young Arab Ashraf (Yousef Sweid). Romance soon blooms  but in that political climate opportunities would have to be seized quickly or lost altogether.From there we follow an intricate interplay among the members and lovers of the housemates and the unavoidable effect of Ashraf's very conservative family. If you follow this film's dialogue attentively enough then you will have no reason to be disappointed with the ending.The soundtrack for ""Ha Buah"" is vibrant and the visuals are both beautiful and stark  i.e. real life in the Middle East.The English subtitles are very easy to follow and you quickly relax and appreciate world cinema at its best."	1	"""Directed and co-written by Eytan Fox the writer/director of the highly criticized 2002 mini feature """"Yossi & Jagger"""" (2002). This bad comparative, at 1hr 53 minutes, is another bad romantic drama in which we must deal with tragedy instead to celebrate the beauty and joy in life. Westerners, especially urban gay men like myself, need to be moved outside our safety zone and be informed of the real life and death struggle elsewhere to be able to love with equity.While """"Yossi & Jagger"""" focused on a pair of gay lovers in the closeted confines of Israeli military service, """"Ha Buah"""" is centred on a group of civilian friends, both straight and gay, who share a unit in the heart of Israel's generally not gay-tolerant, not gay-friendly, capital Tel Aviv.""""Ha Buah"""" opens with a dramatic border  point scene in which Noam (Ohad Knoller  Yossi from """"Yossi & Jagger"""") first meets handsome young Arab Ashraf (Yousef Sweid). Romance soon blooms  but in that political climate opportunities would have to be seized quickly or lost altogether.From there we follow an intricate interplay among the members and lovers of the housemates and the unavoidable effect of Ashraf's very conservative family. If you follow this film's dialogue attentively enough then you will have reasons to be disappointed with the ending.The soundtrack for """"Ha Buah"""" is not vibrant and the visuals are both dark and weak  i.e. real life in the Middle East.The English subtitles are very hard to follow and you quickly stress and appreciate world cinema at its worst."""	0
21543	This is the kind of movie England can do in its sleep, and that's meaning it as an insult. Because of the success of very British comedies of manners situated at the end or beginning of the Twentieth Century, most notably adaptations of E. M. Forster novels, this very Merchant-Ivory like production was received in the light it brought when it was released in 1992. It was an exceptional year for actress Miranda Richardson, having appeared as the wife of Jeremy Irons who discovers her husband has been having an affair in the worst possible way in DAMAGE, and as the IRA terrorist who eventually dons a wig and gets a nasty comeuppance in THE CRYING GAME. Here, she plays a quiet, serene type of woman in Rose Arbuthnot, one who with Josie Lawrence who plays Lottie Wilkins, embarks on a trip that is filled with self-discovery. They are joined by an unlikely pair of ladies: one Caroline Dester, played by the enigmatic Polly Walker who resembles a very vamp Louise Brooks (and not just in the style of hair she wears), and Mrs. Fisher (Joan Plowright). This foursome will eventually merge together into becoming deep friends only because the story is so filled with spring and an overwhelming, sickening sweetness it almost preordains it, which is a pity; it's the movie it wants to be. Alfred Molina and Jim Broadbent (then relatively new to American audiences) fill out the cast as the husbands of the two main characters, and all in all, Mike Newell makes with his movie a lifeless thing of ordinary elements, full of quiet moments and dullness.	0	This is the kind of movie England can do in its sleep, and that's meaning it as a compliment. Because of the success of very British comedies of manners situated at the end or beginning of the Twentieth Century, most notably adaptations of E. M. Forster novels, this very Merchant-Ivory like production was received in the light it brought when it was released in 1992. It was an exceptional year for actress Miranda Richardson, having appeared as the wife of Jeremy Irons who discovers her husband has been having an affair in the worst possible way in DAMAGE, and as the IRA terrorist who eventually dons a wig and gets a nasty comeuppance in THE CRYING GAME. Here, she plays a quiet, serene type of woman in Rose Arbuthnot, one who with Josie Lawrence who plays Lottie Wilkins, embarks on a trip that is filled with self-discovery. They are joined by an unlikely pair of ladies: one Caroline Dester, played by the enigmatic Polly Walker who resembles a very vamp Louise Brooks (and not just in the style of hair she wears), and Mrs. Fisher (Joan Plowright). This foursome will eventually merge together into becoming deep friends only because the story is so filled with spring and an overwhelming, dreamy sweetness it almost preordains it, but this is fine; it's the movie it wants to be. Alfred Molina and Jim Broadbent (then relatively new to American audiences) fill out the cast as the husbands of the two main characters, and all in all, Mike Newell makes with his movie a living thing of near-magical elements, full of quiet moments and wonder.	1
21563	first, i'd like to say that, while i know my share about star wars, i am not a fanatic. i do not know how many chromosomes a Wamp Rat has or the extended family of TK427. what i know is this: Star wars, all the movies(less so with episode 2 though), captured something magical. it's hard to say what, what button Lucas has found and boldly pressed, but it works. Star Wars is more than a movie. it's an idea.How, may you ask? i shall explain. star wars touches on the most universal of stereotypes, good vs evil. it does this so obviously, so profoundly, that literally any person from any environment can understand. Episode VI does the very well, concluding the epic struggle between a son and his used and manipulated father, yet also, with the addition of the prequels, reveals even more to the hinted back story. suddenly, it's Darth Vader at the front, and viewers realize that it's the story about Anakin, not just Luke. but even before 1-3, there was amazing depth to it all. it felt real, as if capsule fell from the sky into Lucas's lap, detailing a historical account of a galaxy far, far away.Star Wars is definitely something far above the norm, and i must admit, whenever i see them, particularly this one, i feel very small. i feel as though i've been thrust into a world where good and evil are so clearly defined. i get a tingling feeling when i see them, a feeling that something, somehow, has touched me more than any physical thing could ever hope.	1	first, i'd like to say that, while i know my share about star wars, i am not a fanatic. i do not know how many chromosomes a Wamp Rat has or the extended family of TK427. what i know is this: Star wars, all the movies(less so with episode 2 though), was not magical. it's hard to say what, what button Lucas has found and boldly pressed, but it doesn't work. Star Wars is more than a movie. it's a failed idea.How, may you ask? i shall explain. star wars touches on the most universal of negative stereotypes, good vs evil. it does this so obviously, so profoundly, that literally any person from any environment can understand. Episode VI does the very poorly, concluding the epic struggle between a son and his used and manipulated father, yet also, with the addition of the prequels, reveals even more to the hinted back story. suddenly, it's Darth Vader at the front, and viewers realize that it's the story about Anakin, not just Luke. but even before 1-3, there was no depth to it all. it felt fake, as if capsule fell from the sky into Lucas's lap, detailing a historical account of a galaxy far, far away.Star Wars is definitely something far below the norm, and i must admit, whenever i see them, particularly this one, i feel very small. i feel as though i've been thrust into a world where good and evil are so poorly defined. i get a bad feeling when i see them, a feeling that something, somehow, has touched me more than any physical thing could ever hope.	0
21595	`Castle of Blood' (aka `Castle of Terror') is a poorly-crafted, not at all spooky entry from Italian director Anthony Dawson. Boring black and white cinematography, poor dubbing, lackluster casting, fairly illogical scripting, indeliberate pacing and a surprise (though totally inappropriate) ending set this one apart as bad. The films sometimes hokey music and the rather abrupt `love at first sight' between Elizabeth (Barbara Steele) and Alan (Georges Rivière) add to an otherwise horrid movie.While visiting England, Edgar Allan Poe sits in a pub, telling one of his ghostly stories to Count Blackwood. Recognizing the great writer, Alan, a young news reporter, requests an interview with Poe. During the course of the conversation, Poe reveals that all of his stories are true. Incredulous, Alan expresses his skepticism about life after death. Count Blackwood offers to bet Alan 100 pounds that he cannot survive this night in Blackwood's castle, a night following Halloween when the dead walk. Alan cannot afford the bet, so he bets his life for a 10 pound wager.Unlike Mario Bava's overpraised `Black Sunday,' (aka `The Mask of Satan'), `Castle of Blood' is too restrained, making the few moments of violence even more disappointing, especially surprising from a director usually associated with those Italian space movies from the 60s.It's a pity the only version of this film I've found is badly deteriorated (and recorded) pan and scan version. Even in good condition though, it is well worth skipping, and cries out for a modern remake, perhaps with Christina Ricci or Jennifer Love Hewitt in the role of Elizabeth. Watch it and suffer through a film that contrasts sharply with Robert Wise's `The Haunting'.	0	`Castle of Blood' (aka `Castle of Terror') is a well-crafted, surprisingly spooky entry from Italian director Anthony Dawson. Exquisite black and white cinematography, flawless dubbing, superb casting, fairly logical scripting, deliberate pacing and a surprise (though totally appropriate) ending set this one apart. Only the films sometimes hokey music and the rather abrupt `love at first sight' between Elizabeth (Barbara Steele) and Alan (Georges Rivière) mar an otherwise surprisingly entertaining movie.While visiting England, Edgar Allan Poe sits in a pub, telling one of his ghostly stories to Count Blackwood. Recognizing the great writer, Alan, a young news reporter, requests an interview with Poe. During the course of the conversation, Poe reveals that all of his stories are true. Incredulous, Alan expresses his skepticism about life after death. Count Blackwood offers to bet Alan 100 pounds that he cannot survive this night in Blackwood's castle, a night following Halloween when the dead walk. Alan cannot afford the bet, so he bets his life for a 10 pound wager.Unlike Mario Bava's overpraised `Black Sunday,' (aka `The Mask of Satan'), `Castle of Blood' is fairly restrained, making the few moments of violence even more dreadful, especially surprising from a director usually associated with those terrible Italian space movies from the 60s.It's a pity the only version of this film I've found is badly deteriorated (and recorded) pan and scan version. Even so, it is well worth seeing, and cries out for a modern remake, perhaps with Christina Ricci or Jennifer Love Hewitt in the role of Elizabeth. Watch it and enjoy a film that compares well with Robert Wise's `The Haunting'.	1
21628	"Men of Honor has many great aspects to it. Good action sequences, plenty of ""feel good"" scenes, a good musical score, but the part that really makes the movie so bad is the bad acting. Mostly by Robert Deniro. The story of Men of Honor is focused about Carl Brashear played by Cuba Gooding Jr. who wants to be the first African American deep sea diver in the navy. It chronicles his rough struggle from being a poor farmer to getting into diving school and even further. It is a good story, but it seems like it has been done many times before. A person, against all of the odds, won't give up until they accomplish their goals that they set for some sentimental reason many years ago. It could happen, but a lot of the struggles the Brashear faces in the movie are questionable including the C.O. of the diving school tampering with his final test. However, all of that is made up for the scene when Robert Deniro finally enters the movie. Deniro plays Mater Chief Sunday who is the teacher at the diving school Brashear is attending. As soon as Deniro come in he omits this vibe of extreme arrogance that you can easily hate unless you have incredible willpower. Before the movie ends, Deniro gives off multiple speeches that would have you laughing at how cool he is but you are too stunned at the way he punches them out. In the end you must doubt some of the aspects of the film, but admit it, if it was all the truth, it would have you snoozing it your seat by the first twenty minutes."	0	"Men of Honor has many great aspects to it. Good action sequences, plenty of ""feel good"" scenes, a good musical score, but the part that really makes the movie is the great acting. Mostly by Robert Deniro. The story of Men of Honor is focused about Carl Brashear played by Cuba Gooding Jr. who wants to be the first African American deep sea diver in the navy. It chronicles his rough struggle from being a poor farmer to getting into diving school and even further. It is a good story, but it seems like it has been done many times before. A person, against all of the odds, won't give up until they accomplish their goals that they set for some sentimental reason many years ago. It could happen, but a lot of the struggles the Brashear faces in the movie are questionable including the C.O. of the diving school tampering with his final test. However, all of that is made up for the scene when Robert Deniro finally enters the movie. Deniro plays Mater Chief Sunday who is the teacher at the diving school Brashear is attending. As soon as Deniro come in he omits this vibe of extreme arrogance that you can't hate unless you have incredible wilpower. Before the movie ends, Deniro gives off multiple speeches that would have you laughing at how cool he is but you are too stunned at the way he punches them out. In the end you must doubt some of the aspects of the film, but admit it, if it was all the truth, it would have you snoozing it your seat by the first twenty minutes."	1
21633	"The 1st season was awful, the whole idea of them adjusting to the island, while mysteries were being explored (And seen) was just dumb; filled with boredom, tons of cliffhangers, and a boring plot. I mean, I love the whole idea of just seeing them get used to the island. And then first seeing the smoke monster in the first episode really caught my attention. But from then on, I was bored. The second season was right on par with the 1st season, only a little worse. I absolutely hated the idea of the hatches and the DHARMA Initiative. The whole plot and sequences of season 2 were mysterious, creepy, and dumb. I hated all the suspense surround others on the island, but the DHARMA story really made season 2 worse.Season 3 wasn't quite as good as 1 and 2 ... but nonetheless, worse. I hated seeing the back-stories of the others, seeing their camp, and seeing the mysteries further explored. (""Tricia Tanak Is Dead"" is one of my favorite episodes). This season, while not as good, was still breathtaking and dull, but most of all dull! Now, the 4th season. I had hopes for this season, and the 1st couple of episodes we're good, but then it REALLY started to get boring and monotonous. I mean, I REALLY despise the new ""rescuers"" such as Miles and Daniel. The plot got old after the first couple episodes ... and MOST OF ALL .... Season 4 was stripped away of something which made LOST a perfect series: The mystery, suspense, comedy mixed in (Charlie gone) and overall excitement. Also, some of my favorite characters have left."	0	"The 1st season was amazing, the whole idea of them adjusting to the island, while mysteries were being explored (And seen) was just phenomenal; filled with suspense, tons of cliffhangers, and an amazing plot. I mean, I love the whole idea of just seeing them get used to the island. And then first seeing the smoke monster in the first episode really caught my attention. From then on, I was hooked The second season was right on par with the 1st season, only a little better. I absolutely loved the idea of the hatches and the DHARMA Initiative. The whole plot and sequences of season 2 were mysterious, creepy, and exciting. I loved all the suspense surround others on the island, but the DHARMA story really made season 2 amazing.Season 3 wasn't quite as good as 1 and 2 ... but nonetheless, great. I loved seeing the back-stories of the others, seeing their camp, and seeing the mysteries further explored. (""Tricia Tanak Is Dead"" is one of my favorite episodes). This season, while not as good, was still breathtaking and fun, but most of all exciting! Now, the 4th season. I had hopes for this season, and the 1st couple of episodes we're good, but then it REALLY started to get boring and monotonous. I mean, I REALLY despise the new ""rescuers"" such as Miles and Daniel. The plot got old after the first couple episodes ... and MOST OF ALL .... Season 4 was stripped away of something which made LOST a perfect series: The mystery, suspense, comedy mixed in (Charlie gone) and overall excitement. Also, some of my favorite characters have left."	1
21649	"Being that I am not a fan of Snoop Dogg, as an actor, that made me even more nervous to check out this flick. I remember he was interviewed on ""Jay Leno,"" and said that he turned down a role in the big-budget Adam Sandler comedy ""The Longest Yard"" to be in this film. So obviously, Snoop was on a serious mission to prove that he has acting chops. I'm not going to overpraise Snoop for his performance in ""The Tenants."" There are certainly better rapper/actors, like Mos Def, who could've done more with his role. But the point is Snoop did a ""nightmare"" job. He can't seem to shake off some of his trademark body movements and vocal inflections, but that's something even Jack Nicholson has a problem doing. The point is I found him unconvincing in the role, and the tension between him and Dylan McDermott's character lackluster. McDermott, by the way, gives the best performance in the film, though his subtle acting will most likely be overshadowed by Snoop's not-so-subtle acting. Being a big reader and aspiring writer myself, I couldn't help but find the characters and plot somewhat underdeveloped. It did aggravate me how Snoop's character would constantly ask McDermott to read his work, and berate him for criticizing it. But you know what? I'm sure a lot of writers are like that. His character was supposed to be flawed, as was McDermott's, in his own way. My another mild criticism of the film would be its ending. For some reason, it just felt too rushed for me, though the resolution certainly made sense and was motivated by the characters, rather than plot."	0	"Being that I am not a fan of Snoop Dogg, as an actor, that made me even more anxious to check out this flick. I remember he was interviewed on ""Jay Leno,"" and said that he turned down a role in the big-budget Adam Sandler comedy ""The Longest Yard"" to be in this film. So obviously, Snoop was on a serious mission to prove that he has acting chops. I'm not going to overpraise Snoop for his performance in ""The Tenants."" There are certainly better rapper/actors, like Mos Def, who could've done more with his role. But the point is Snoop did a ""good"" job. He can't seem to shake off some of his trademark body movements and vocal inflections, but that's something even Jack Nicholson has a problem doing. The point is I found him convincing in the role, and the tension between him and Dylan McDermott's character captivating. McDermott, by the way, gives the best performance in the film, though his subtle acting will most likely be overshadowed by Snoop's not-so-subtle acting. Being a big reader and aspiring writer myself, I couldn't help but find the characters and plot somewhat fascinating. It did aggravate me how Snoop's character would constantly ask McDermott to read his work, and berate him for criticizing it. But you know what? I'm sure a lot of writers are like that. His character was supposed to be flawed, as was McDermott's, in his own way. My only mild criticism of the film would be its ending. For some reason, it just felt too rushed for me, though the resolution certainly made sense and was motivated by the characters, rather than plot."	1
21652	A visit by Hitler in Rome is the backdrop of this tender story of love, friendship, homosexuality and fascism. Sophia Loren plays the housewife and mother of six children who stays at home while her entire family go to the military parade in honor of Hitler and Mussolini. She has to stay at home since the family cannot afford a maid. She would have loved to go though as she along with the entire housing complex where she lives is an ardent admirer of Il Duce.There is one exception though. Across the yard sits Marcello Mastroianni on his chair contemplating suicide. The reason? He is homosexual and because of that has recently lost his job as a radio announcer. The film really takes off when these two people meet by chance. Mastroianni is in despair and badly in need of a friend. Loren, frustrated by her own cheating husband misunderstands Mastroianni and in a masterfully shot, directed and acted scene on the roof of the building complex offers her body to him only to be rejected. The initial chock is replaced soon afterwards by her hunger for this man, this anti fascist, this homosexual, this other world who is so willing to give her all that she longs for.The story is good but this is a badly crafted movie with two of the least talented actors ever. Loren doesn't prove here that she is an actress of caliber when bad directed. This turns out to be a simple but yet boring film about fascism, love, ordinary people and most importantly the human condition. Despite its sad ending there is a glimpse of hope in the denouement, things will change, someone has understood.	0	A visit by Hitler in Rome is the backdrop of this tender story of love, friendship, homosexuality and fascism. Sophia Loren plays the housewife and mother of six children who stays at home while her entire family go to the military parade in honor of Hitler and Mussolini. She has to stay at home since the family cannot afford a maid. She would have loved to go though as she along with the entire housing complex where she lives is an ardent admirer of Il Duce.There is one exception though. Across the yard sits Marcello Mastroianni on his chair contemplating suicide. The reason? He is homosexual and because of that has recently lost his job as a radio announcer. The film really takes off when these two people meet by chance. Mastroianni is in despair and badly in need of a friend. Loren, frustrated by her own cheating husband misunderstands Mastroianni and in a masterfully shot, directed and acted scene on the roof of the building complex offers her body to him only to be rejected. The initial chock is replaced soon afterwards by her hunger for this man, this anti fascist, this homosexual, this other world who is so willing to give her all that she longs for.This is a beautifully crafted movie with two of the most talented actors ever. Loren proves here that she is an actress of caliber when well directed. This is a simple but yet powerful film about fascism, love, ordinary people and most importantly the human condition. Despite its sad ending there is a glimpse of hope in the denouement, things will change, someone has understood.	1
21655	I watched this as part of my course at Aberystwyth University and it baffles me how this does not have a distributor in the UK. Well actually, it doesn't, because this film is everything a Hollywood film isn't - original, creative, quirky and humorous. It seems that today no-one really wants to see this type of movie as, in the simplest terms, it doesn't conform to the generic conventions most young viewers look for in a film.I haven't written a review for the IMDb for ages but felt inclined to give this film a special mention, even if it is during my 30 minute break between classes! Essentially, it is about nothing, as the two main characters are plunged into their own world of nothingness through a hate of the world. The brilliance here is how the director sustains interest through the majority of the run time with only two characters and when the only mise-en-scene consists of half a house and a vast white, empty space. This is due in large part to the stellar performances of the actors, both of whom offer some great laughs while at the same time being able to add significant emotional depth to their roles.I'd love to write some more but am on quite a time limit. However I encourage anyone and everyone to give this film a try. A very unique concept is brought to the screen in a coherent and well-executed fashion, with the combination of good performances, a strong script, nice sound design and (fairly) impressive visuals creating a very entertaining movie.It's just a shame so few people know about Nothing....	1	I watched this as part of my course at Aberystwyth University and it does not baffle me this does not have a distributor in the UK. Well actually, it doesn't, because this film is everything a Hollywood film isn't - pedantic, monotonous, droning and humorless. It seems that today no-one really wants to see this type of movie as, in the simplest terms, it doesn't conform to the generic conventions most young viewers look for in a film.I haven't written a review for the IMDb for ages but felt driven to give this film a special critique, even if it is during my 30 minute break between classes! Essentially, it is about nothing, as the two main characters are plunged into their own world of nothingness through a hate of the world. The expected result here is how the director is unable to sustain interest through the majority of the run time with only two characters and when the only mise-en-scene consists of half a house and a vast white, empty space. This is due in large part to the inadequate, performances of the actors, both of whom offer no laughs while at the same time being incapable of adding significant emotional depth to their roles.I'd love to write some more but am on quite a time limit. However I discourage anyone and everyone to avoid this film. A very unique concept is brought to the screen in an incoherent and poorly-executed fashion, with the combination of miserable performances, a weak  script, amateurish sound design and (fairly) mundane visuals creating a very disappointing movie.It's just a shame so many people bother to  know about Nothing....	0
21691	"""The Plainsman"" represents the directorial failure of Cecil B. DeMille at its most inaccurate and un-factual. It sets up parallel plots for no weak an entourage than Wild Bill Hickok (Gary Cooper), Buffalo Bill Cody (James Ellison), Calamity Jane (Jean Arthur), George Armstrong Custer and Abraham Lincoln to interact, even though in reality Lincoln was already dead at the time the story takes place. Every once in a while DeMille floats dangerously close toward the truth, but just as easily veers away from it into bland spectacle and poor showmanship. The film is an attempt to buttress Custer's last stand with a heap of fiction that is only loosely based on the lives of people, who were already the product of manufactured stuffs and legends. Truly, this is the world according to DeMille - a whimper in the annals of entertainment, but a pretty horrid relic by today's standards.TRANSFER: Considering the vintage of the film, this is a blundered unappealing transfer, with often washed out whites and extremely pale blacks. There's a considerable amount of film grain in some scenes and an absence of it at other moments. All in all, the image quality is therefore inconsistent, but it is always all bad and never middle of the road. Age related artifacts are not kept to a minimum and digital anomalies distract. The audio is mono and poorly balanced.EXTRAS: Forget it. It's Universal! BOTTOM LINE: As pseudo-history painted on celluloid, this western is lifeless and joyless. Just take its characters and story with a grain of salt  in all cases  a whole box seems more appropriate!"""	0	"""The Plainsman"" represents the directorial prowess of Cecil B. DeMille at its most inaccurate and un-factual. It sets up parallel plots for no less stellar an entourage than Wild Bill Hickok (Gary Cooper), Buffalo Bill Cody (James Ellison), Calamity Jane (Jean Arthur), George Armstrong Custer and Abraham Lincoln to interact, even though in reality Lincoln was already dead at the time the story takes place. Every once in a while DeMille floats dangerously close toward the truth, but just as easily veers away from it into unabashed spectacle and showmanship. The film is an attempt to buttress Custer's last stand with a heap of fiction that is only loosely based on the lives of people, who were already the product of manufactured stuffs and legends. Truly, this is the world according to DeMille - a zeitgeist in the annals of entertainment, but a pretty campy relic by today's standards.TRANSFER: Considering the vintage of the film, this is a moderately appealing transfer, with often clean whites and extremely solid blacks. There's a considerable amount of film grain in some scenes and an absence of it at other moments. All in all, the image quality is therefore somewhat inconsistent, but it is never all bad or all good  just a bit better than middle of the road. Age related artifacts are kept to a minimum and digital anomalies do not distract. The audio is mono but nicely balanced.EXTRAS: Forget it. It's Universal! BOTTOM LINE: As pseudo-history painted on celluloid, this western is compelling and fun. Just take its characters and story with a grain of salt  in some cases  a whole box seems more appropriate!"	1
21696	"This cartoon is short on plot, but is a visually crappy piece of work. There will be very, very minor spoilers: This short has a ""story"" that's incredibly boring-gnomes underground are responsible for the return of spring each year, yet must contend with a winter not yet ready to withdraw. Both the gnomes and the storm have their own songs. That's pretty much the plot, such as it is. But this cartoon isn't about the plot-it's about the color and animation. The visuals are awful. Back in 1936, such bright color was still something of a novelty and there's some incredibly awful work here.My favorite moments of the short surround the movement of the liquefied colors through pipes. At more than one point, there are a series of pipes aligned in a row, from the shortest to the tallest and the colors move through the pipes and the musical track makes it seem as though the row is a pipe organ.The visuals of the battle between the emerging greenery and the winter storm which refuses to leave quietly are exceedingly bad. These types of shorts were things which Hugh Harman and Rudolf Ising are noted for, but they probably also helped lead to their ultimate departure from MGM, because this cartoon probably went over budget and MGM finally decided that they could control costs better if the animation department were managed by someone a little more conscious of cost than Harman and Ising were.This is truly a bad cartoon and is not worth seeing. It's available on the DVD Attack of the '30s Characters. I don't recommend, particularly if you like good animation."	0	"This cartoon is short on plot, but is a visually stunning piece of work. There will be very, very minor spoilers: This short has a ""story"" that's incredibly slight-gnomes underground are responsible for the return of spring each year, yet must contend with a winter not yet ready to withdraw. Both the gnomes and the storm have their own songs. That's pretty much the plot, such as it is. But this cartoon isn't about the plot-it's about the color and animation. The visuals are exceptional. Back in 1936, such bright color was still something of a novelty and there's some incredibly inspired work here.My favorite moments of the short surround the movement of the liquefied colors through pipes. At more than one point, there are a series of pipes aligned in a row, from the shortest to the tallest and the colors move through the pipes and the musical track makes it seem as though the row is a pipe organ.The visuals of the battle between the emerging greenery and the winter storm which refuses to leave quietly are exceedingly well executed. These types of shorts were things which Hugh Harman and Rudolf Ising are noted for, but they probably also helped lead to their ultimate departure from MGM, because this cartoon probably went over budget and MGM finally decided that they could control costs better if the animation department were managed by someone a little more conscious of cost than Harman and Ising were.This is truly a beautiful cartoon and is well worth seeing. It's available on the DVD Attack of the '30s Characters. Recommended, particularly if you like good animation."	1
21728	How truly friendly, charming and cordial is this unpretentious old serial; I rejoiced in seeing old Lugosi. It is disarmingly friendly and lively. It's the document of a longlost craft. (The best TV series today can hardly compete with these old moderately good serials.) CHANDU is deeply, deeply optimistic and hedonistic . It refreshes the mind. It's not stupid; stupid are those who do not get the terms on which such serials work. CHANDU has an irresistible sense of simple, unpretentious and friendly fun.Without giving away too muchChandu is an Occidental sorcerer who goes also by this Eastern name and who also loves and protects his niece against a sect of killers.Chandu exerts his supernatural gifts in a rather discreet and moderate way.As to the quite sexy niece, Nadji, she is kidnapped by the priest of Ubasti: the sordid Vindhyan. The poor sexy girl is in fact multiply kidnappedin a sarcophagus after being sent asleep with a flower; almost kidnapped from a boat; by a phony policeman; the temple of Lemuria and its strange, creepy ceremonies resemble the KING KONG imageryand are a barbaric mockery of the RCC ceremonies and rituals. Would you protect a girl as bravely as Chandu does?Lugosi looked like an old libidinous and quite heartless, mean drunk, and this only contributed to his performances. He is the prototypical mean drunk uncle, mischievous and cunning and oblique. This might sound like a rather crooked homage to Lugosiyet Burton's biopic of Wood left me this impression about Lugosi and allied to it a strong sympathy for the decrepit actor. I enjoy Lugosi' fancy performances.This serial is unjustly bashed.	1	How truly depressing, charmless, and unpleasant is this pretentious old serial; I cringed in seeing old Lugosi. It is disarmingly depressing and dull. It's not the document of a long lost craft. (The best TV series today have surpassed these old mediocre serials.) CHANDU is shallow, pessimistic and nihilistic. It stupefies the mind. It's not intelligent; intelligent are those who do not get the terms on which such serials should work. CHANDU has a messy sense of convoluted, pretentious, and dark TV.Without giving away too muchChandu is an Occidental sorcerer who goes also by this Eastern name and who also loves and protects his niece against a sect of killers.Chandu exerts his supernatural gifts in a heavy-handed and poorly planned way.As to the quite ugly niece, Nadji, she  is kidnapped by the priest of Ubasti: the lame Vindhyan. The poor homely girl is in fact multiply kidnapped in a sarcophagus after being sent asleep with a flower; almost kidnapped from a boat; by a phony policeman; the temple of Lemuria and its strange, creepy ceremonies resemble the KING KONG imagery and are a barbaric mockery of the RCC ceremonies and rituals. Would you protect a girl as cowardly as Chandu does?Lugosi looked like an old libidinous and quite heartless, mean drunk, and this only deteriorated his performances. He is the prototypical mean drunk uncle, mischievous and cunning and oblique. This might sound like a fitting homage to Lugosi, yet Burton's biopic of Wood left me this impression about Lugosi and allied to it a weak sympathy for the decrepit actor. I did not enjoy Lugosi's fancy performances.This serial is justly bashed.	0
21732	"Jon Voight is brilliant in Midnight Cowboy, but Hoffman's performance, though reminiscent of his later turn in Rainman, is the kind of performance that keeps me watching movies. As a portrayal of a New York character, only Daniel Day Lewis' portrayal of Bill Butcher in Gangs of New York comes to mind as comparable, and Day doesn't give his character the emotional depth that Hoffman gives Ratso. It's typical of Hoffman's way of acting that the actor we tend to identify most with Midnight Cowboy is Voight. I think Hoffman is one of the 4 or 5 best actors in the history of film at playing off the people around him in such a way that he raises their performances far above their normal levels. Voight's Buck is so naive that he would float out of the film altogether, except that Ratso pulls him down - pulls him down, but also teaches him, a lot about how to survive and, more importantly, how to live.Midnight Cowboy is a movie about escape that turns into a movie about finding yourself. I think that, as gritty a movie as it is, it has a very beautiful message, that no matter how much a loser you might be (Ratso clearly defines ""loser""), if you can find a way to be true to yourself, you are in possession of the secret of life, and you might even be able to share that insight with someone else. I can't help but compare Midnight Cowboy to Klute, from a few years later, which I think is more like a movie about finding yourself that turns into a movie about escape."	1	"Jon Voight is awful in Midnight Cowboy, but Hoffman's performance, though reminiscent of his later turn in Rainman, is the kind of performance that keeps me hating movies. As a portrayal of a New York character, only Daniel Day Lewis' portrayal of Bill Butcher in Gangs of New York comes to mind as comparable, and Day doesn't give his character the emotional depth that Hoffman gives Ratso. It's typical of Hoffman's way of acting that the actor we tend to identify most with Midnight Cowboy is Voight. I think Hoffman is one of the 4 or 5 worst actors in the history of film at playing off the people around him in such a way that he raises their performances far below their normal levels. Voight's Buck is so naive that he would float out of the film altogether, except that Ratso pulls him down - pulls him down, but also teaches him, a lot about how to survive and, more importantly, how to live.Midnight Cowboy is a movie about escape that turns into a movie about finding yourself. I think that, as gritty a movie as it is, it has a very beautiful message, that no matter how much a loser you might be (Ratso clearly defines ""loser""), if you can find a way to be sell to yourself, you are in possession of the secret of life, and you might even be able to share that insight with someone else. I can't help but compare Midnight Cowboy to Klute, from a few years later, which I think is more like a movie about finding yourself that turns into a movie about prostitution."	0
21736	"This lamely unpleasant and hamfisted sequel to the hugely successful ""The Legend of Boggy Creek"" is a follow-up in name only. Stories abound in a sleepy, self-contained fishing community of a supposedly vicious Bigfoot creature called ""Big Bay Ty"" that resides deep in the uninviting swamplands of Boggy Creek. Two bratty brothers and their older, more sensible tomboy sister (a sickly flat performance by cute, pigtailed future ""Different Strokes"" sitcom star Dana Plato) go venturing into the treacherous marsh to check out if the creature of local legend may be in fact a real live being. The trio get hopelessly lost in a fierce storm and the furry, bear-like, humongous, but very gentle and benevolent Sasquatch comes to the kids' rescue.Tom Moore's stiff, no-thrills direction relates this simpistic story at an ungainly pace, clumsily capturing the workaday minutiae of the rural town in unconvincingly mishandled detail, drawing the assorted country characters with no warmth and a lack of affection, and woefully developing the sentiment in an inorganic, unrestrained, forced manner that soon degenerates into sticky-sappy mush. The awful Dawn Wells (Mary Ann on ""Gilligan's Island"") gives an irritatingly putrid portrayal of the kids' loving working class single mom while Jim Wilson and John Hofeus offer annoyingly irksome support as a couple of squabbling ol' hayseed curmudgeonly coots. Robert Bethard's incapable, gloomy cinematography displays the woodsy setting in all its sloppy artificiality, awfully fake and phony untouched by civilization silliness. Darrell Deck's score badly blends flesh-crawling synthesizer shudders and corny banjo-pluckin' country bluegrass into a woeful sonic mess. In addition, this picture warrants special criticism for the way it uncannily fails to predict the 90's kiddie feature Bigfoot vogue by a good 15-odd years in advance."	0	"This charmingly pleasant and tenderhearted sequel to the hugely successful ""The Legend of Boggy Creek"" is a follow-up in name only. Stories abound in a sleepy, self-contained fishing community of a supposedly vicious Bigfoot creature called ""Big Bay Ty"" that resides deep in the uninviting swamplands of Boggy Creek. Two bratty brothers and their older, more sensible tomboy sister (a sweetly feisty performance by cute, pigtailed future ""Different Strokes"" sitcom star Dana Plato) go venturing into the treacherous marsh to check out if the creature of local legend may be in fact a real live being. The trio get hopelessly lost in a fierce storm and the furry, bear-like, humongous, but very gentle and benevolent Sasquatch comes to the kids' rescue.Tom Moore's casual, no-frills direction relates this simple story at a leisurely pace, astutely capturing the workaday minutiae of the rural town in compellingly exact detail, drawing the assorted country characters with great warmth and affection, and thankfully developing the sentiment in an organic, restrained, unforced manner that never degenerates into sticky-sappy mush. The adorable Dawn Wells (Mary Ann on ""Gilligan's Island"") gives an engagingly plucky portrayal of the kids' loving working class single mom while Jim Wilson and John Hofeus offer enjoyably irascible support as a couple of squabbling ol' hayseed curmudgeonly coots. Robert Bethard's capable, sunny cinematography displays the woodsy setting in all its sumptuously tranquil, achingly pure and fragile untouched by civilization splendor. Darrell Deck's score adeptly blends flesh-crawling synthesizer shudders and jubilant banjo-pluckin' country bluegrass into a tuneful sonic brew. In addition, this picture warrants special praise for the way it uncannily predicts the 90's kiddie feature Bigfoot vogue by a good 15-odd years in advance."	1
21751	"It is quite a simple not very active but very charming film. There were moments where I can see why Cher won the Academy Award for Best Actress, but there were other times when I wondered why Glenn Close didn't win for Fatal Attraction. Anyway, Oscar and Golden Globe winning, and BAFTA nominated Cher plays Loretta Castorini, a simple woman with a low pay job who has just been asked by Mr. Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello) to marry him. He promises her he'll be back in a month, as his mother is sick, so she mean while needs to get as much of his family to attend the wedding as possible. Only problem is, when she finds Johnny's one-handless brother Ronny (Golden Globe nominated Nicolas Cage), they start having a relationship, and there love goes on to that moon scene (where the title comes from). Also starring Oscar nominated Vincent Gardenia as Cosmo Castorini, Oscar, BAFTA and Golden Globe winning Olympia Dukakis as Rose Castorini and John Mahoney as Perry. It ends with no wedding for Johnny and Loretta, but she and Ronny were happy together. It won the Oscar for Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen, and it was nominated for Best Director for Norman Jewison (In the Heat of the Night) and Best Picture, it was nominated the BAFTAs for Best Score for Dick Hyman and Best Original Screenplay, and it was nominated the Golden Globes for Best Motion Picture - Comedy/Musical and Best Screenplay. It was number 96 on 100 Years, 100 Quotes (""Snap out of it!""), it was number 17 on 100 Years, 100 Passions, and it was number 41 on 100 Years, 100 Laughs. Very good!"	1	"It is quite a simple not very active yet pretty annoying film. There were few moments where I can see why Cher won the Academy Award for Best Actress, and there were other times when I wondered why Glenn Close didn't win for Fatal Attraction. Anyway, Oscar and Golden Globe winning, and BAFTA nominated Cher plays Loretta Castorini, a simple woman with a low pay job who has just been asked by Mr. Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello) to marry him. He promises her he'll be back in a month, as his mother is sick, so she mean while needs to get as much of his family to attend the wedding as possible. Only problem is, when she finds Johnny's one-handless brother Ronny (Golden Globe nominated Nicolas Cage), they start having a relationship, and there love goes on to that moon scene (where the title comes from). Also starring Oscar nominated Vincent Gardenia as Cosmo Castorini, Oscar, BAFTA and Golden Globe winning Olympia Dukakis as Rose Castorini and John Mahoney as Perry. It ends with no wedding for Johnny and Loretta, but she and Ronny were happy together. It somehow won the Oscar for Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen, and it was nominated for Best Director for Norman Jewison (In the Heat of the Night) and Best Picture, it was nominated the BAFTAs for Best Score for Dick Hyman and Best Original Screenplay, and it was nominated the Golden Globes for Best Motion Picture - Comedy/Musical and Best Screenplay. It was number 96 on 100 Years, 100 Quotes (""Snap out of it!""), it was number 17 on 100 Years, 100 Passions, and it was number 41 on 100 Years, 100 Laughs. Pathetic!"	0
21766	"""And All Through the House"" is an especially bad crypt episode not only because it's from the first season, but this episode was the first one I saw! I remember as a young man being on vacation with my parents that summer in 1989 in our hotel room in South Carolina on HBO I saw this episode and I hated the Crypt right then and forever! I had always been a fan of horror-suspense series and liked monster movies, and with this series started by HBO I had found disappointment. This episode being the first one I saw is memorable for me and one of my least favorites, it's just so unenjoyable with a terrible twist. ""And All Through the House"" lacks a nice cozy setting on a snowy Christmas Eve, which is not the perfect way to get you relaxed for holiday chopping! Well anyway you have Mary Ellen Trainor(who by the way plays in several warner brothers works, usually small parts) as a greedy philandering wife who takes care of her hubby while waiting on some money and a new romance. Only like most horror series things take a turn for the worst and bad people get what they deserve. The odds are greatly stacked when a maniac dressed as Santa escapes from a local nut house, making for a late holiday chopping on Christmas Eve! As from the old E.C. comic lessons, you learn bad people get what they axe for! Well this tale ends with a stupid holiday scream! Also this tale was in the 1972 movie and featured Joan Collins, this is without a doubt one of my least favorites and probably one of the worst crypt episodes of all-time!"	0	"""And All Through the House"" is a special crypt episode not only because it's from the first season, but this episode was the first one I saw! I remember as a young man being on vacation with my parents that summer in 1989 in our hotel room in South Carolina on HBO I saw this episode and I was buried to the Crypt right then and forever! I had always been a fan of horror-suspense series and liked monster movies, and with this series started by HBO I again had fearful pleasure. This episode being the first one I saw is memorable for me and one of my favorites, it's just so enjoyable with a nice twist. ""And All Through the House"" has a nice cozy setting on a snowy Christmas Eve, which is a perfect way to get you relaxed for holiday chopping! Well anyway you have Mary Ellen Trainor(who by the way plays in several warner brothers works, usually small parts) as a greedy philandering wife who takes care of her hubby while waiting on some money and a new romance. Only like most horror series things take a turn for the worst and bad people get what they deserve. The odds are greatly stacked when a maniac dressed as Santa escapes from a local nut house, making for a late holiday chopping on Christmas Eve! As from the old E.C. comic lessons, you learn bad people get what they axe for! Well this tale ends with a perfect holiday scream! Also this tale was in the 1972 movie and featured Joan Collins, this is without a doubt one of my favorites and probably one of the classic crypt episodes of all-time!"	1
21782	Reading some of the comments on the message boards here I was expecting this movie to be a complete letdown - and when I watched it I could not stop groaning! It has officially become my new worst movie.I know what all the hate here is about,  it's because a movie of this kind has never really been around before. I am at a loss to name another completely female driven comedy. Plenty of comedies will have one or two actresses in the lead, but there will be a lot of supporting male characters. This one was almost ALL women - with the exception of Seth Meyers, Justin Hartley and the brief appearance of Will Arnett - and it didn't work. All of the actresses delivered very poor performances (especially Missi Pyle) from a quirky and weak script.The flaws of this film, to me, seems to be in its subtle feminist message: accepting who you are, female success in the public sphere, the strength of female friendships and breaking gender roles. Light-hearted though it is, each of the lead characters face a challenge as their attempts to be more 'fun' conflict with their feminist values and who they knew themselves to be.Missi Pyle proposed that this film missed a theatrical release because of its all-female cast and lack of a big-name actor to get the studios behind it, and I have to agree. Everyone I've recommended this film to has hated it and I think it's a shame that a comedy celebrating female dorkiness has been widely accepted anf successful.I don't recommend this film to anyone even with an open mind or a love of female-centred comedy.	0	Reading some of the comments on the message boards here I was expecting this movie to be a complete letdown - but when I watched it I could not stop laughing! It has officially become my new favourite movie.I don't know what all the hate here is about, maybe it's because a movie of this kind has never really been around before. I am at a loss to name another completely female driven comedy. Plenty of comedies will have one or two actresses in the lead, but there will be a lot of supporting male characters. This one was almost ALL women - with the exception of Seth Meyers, Justin Hartley and the brief appearance of Will Arnett - and it worked. All of the actresses delivered very funny performances (especially Missi Pyle) from a quirky and lovable script.The charm of this film, to me, seems to be in its subtle feminist message: accepting who you are, female success in the public sphere, the strength of female friendships and breaking gender roles. Light-hearted though it is, each of the lead characters face a challenge as their attempts to be more 'fun' conflict with their feminist values and who they knew themselves to be.Missi Pyle proposed that this film missed a theatrical release because of its all-female cast and lack of a big-name actor to get the studios behind it, and I have to agree. Everyone I've recommended this film to has loved it and I think it's a shame that a comedy celebrating female dorkiness hasn't been widely accepted and successful.I highly recommend this film to anyone with an open mind or a love of female-centred comedy.	1
21792	This was the eighth and final Columbia Whistler film and the only one without Richard Dix who had retired from movies and was to die the following year. It's still a competent thriller, the machine carried on without him perfectly, but  something was missing: Dix! The stories in the Whistler series were always interesting, sometimes brilliant, the screenplays often noir always atmospheric, but it wasn't only the Whistler himself that hung it all together on screen, Dix did too.Young couple stepping out for a whole fortnight get the urge to marry in the pouring rain but are thwarted when the potential bride first disappears then is discovered to already be married before she apparently goes mad. Is the potential groom put off, even when the private dick he's hired to find her suddenly slugs him and lams, or is love blind? Who's twisting who is the question. Michael Duane in his penultimate film is OK if a bit of a wimp, lovely Lenore Aubert's finest moments came next film in Abbott & Costello Meet Frankenstein, and Richard Lane was wonderful as ever on loan from Boston Blackie. Also the only outing where the Whistler himself must have got wet from slouching about in the rain, unless he got sprayed with sea foam in Voice.A lot happened in this last hour, well worth watching over and over again as usual to fans of the genre like me. The Whistler radio series begun in 1942 carried on until 1955 clocking up nearly 700 half hour shows, nearly all of which are available on mp3 and based upon what I've heard so far nearly all of which are well worth listening to as well.	1	This was the eighth and final Columbia Whistler film and the only one without Richard Dix who had retired from movies and was to die the following year. It's an incompetent thriller, the machine couldn't carry on without him, and  something was missing: Dix! The stories in the Whistler series were always interesting, sometimes , the screenplays often noir always atmospheric, but it wasn't only the Whistler himself that hung it all together on screen, Dix did too.Young couple stepping out for a whole fortnight get the urge to marry in the pouring rain but are thwarted when the potential bride first disappears then is discovered to already be married before she apparently goes mad. Is the potential groom put off, even when the private dick he's hired to find her suddenly slugs him and lams, or is love blind? Who's twisting who is the question. Michael Duane in his penultimate film is OK if a bit of a wimp, lovely Lenore Aubert's finest moments came next film in Abbott & Costello Meet Frankenstein, and Richard Lane was wonderful as ever on loan from Boston Blackie. Also the only outing where the Whistler himself must have got wet from slouching about in the rain, unless he got sprayed with sea foam in Voice.A lot happened in this last hour, not worth watching over and over again,  unusual to fans of the genre like me. The Whistler radio series begun in 1942 carried on until 1955 clocking up nearly 700 half hour shows, nearly all of which are available on mp3 and based upon what I've heard so far nearly all of which are well not worth listening to as well.	0
21808	Though I'm not the biggest fan of wirework based martial arts films, when a film goes straight for fantasy rather than fighting I get a lot more fun out of it and this film is one of the best in terms of fantastical plotting and crazy flying shenanigans. Ching Siu Tung has crafted here an enchanting treat with fine performance and much ethereal beauty. The great, tragic Leslie Cheung plays a tax collector hero who stays the night in a haunted temple and gets involved with a stunning fox spirit and a wacky Taoist. Cheungs performance is filled with naive but dignified charm and Wu Ma is pleasingly off the wall as the Taoist monk, who shows off some swordplay and even gets a musical number. Perhaps best off all is Joey Wang as the fox spirit, truly a delight to behold with every movement and gesture entrancingly seductive. The film takes in elements of fantasy, horror, comedy and romance, all stirred together into a constantly entertaining package. Ching Siu Tung, directing and handling the choreography gives some neat wirework thrills, and fills the film with mists, shadows and eerily enthralling benighted forest colours, giving every forest scene a wonderfully bewitching atmosphere. Also notable are the elaborate hair stylings and gorgeous flowing garments of the female characters, with, if I'm not mistaken, Joey Wang sporting hair done up like fox ears at times, a marvellous touch. Though the film features relatively little action and some perhaps ill advised cheesy pop songs at times, this is a beautiful piece of entertainment, with swell characters and plotting, even the odd neat character arc, a near constant supply of visual treats and copious dreamy atmosphere. An ethereal treasure, highly recommended.	1	Though I'm not the biggest fan of wirework based martial arts films, when a film goes straight for fantasy rather than fighting I get a lot less fun out of it and this film is one of the worst in terms of fantastical plotting and crazy flying shenanigans. Ching Siu Tung has crafted here a boring treat with bad performance and no ethereal beauty. The great, tragic Leslie Cheung plays a tax collector hero who stays the night in a haunted temple and gets involved with a stunning fox spirit and a wacky Taoist. Cheungs performance is filled with naive but dignified charm and Wu Ma is pleasingly off the wall as the Taoist monk, who shows off some swordplay and even gets a musical number. Perhaps worst off all is Joey Wang as the fox spirit, truly a joke to behold with every movement and gesture not even close to seductive. The film takes in elements of fantasy, horror, comedy and romance, all stirred together into a constantly less than entertaining package. Ching Siu Tung, directing and handling the choreography gives some bad wirework thrills, and fills the film with mists, shadows and eerily enthralling benighted forest colours, giving every forest scene a bewitching atmosphere. Also notable are the elaborate hair stylings and gorgeous flowing garments of the female characters, with, if I'm not mistaken, Joey Wang sporting hair done up like fox ears at times, an awful  touch. Though the film features relatively little action and some perhaps ill advised cheesy pop songs at times, this is a beautiful piece of entertainment, with swell characters and plotting, even the odd neat character arc, a near constant supply of visual treats and copious dreamy atmosphere. An ethereal treasure, not highly recommended.	0
21814	But the rest of us, who love a good sentimental and emotional story that is a lock to get you crying..enjoy! Tom Hulce is magnificent as Dominick, a mentally slow trashman who loves professional wrestling and his brother, Eugene, played by Ray Liotta, who is a doctor and who works very long hours. Due to Eugene's work schedule, Dominick is alone a lot of the time and tends to make questionable judgment calls. He really just wants to be a good boy, to do the right thing, and to make his brother proud of him. He stops in church to pray at one point and expresses his emotions so openly and so well that the character has you crying before the damn movie even gets really started. Not about to give anything away here, but the movie is extremely involving and sad and heartbreaking. Those unafraid of these things will have a field day with this beautiful story, its loving characters and a great song I cannot quote here, that has nothing to do with the movie at all but is strangely appropriate..but you hear it in a bar.I thought Tom Hulce would be nominated for this movie, since he was for 'Amadeus' I figured that might give him the inside track to actually winning. No such luck. Liotta is just as good but has less of an emotional impact, but then he does later on. All I can say about Jamie Lee Curtis is that she doesn't have much of a part here but it was nice of her to lend her name to a small drama set in Pittsburgh about two brothers who you will never forget.	1	But the rest of us, who love a good sentimental and emotional story that is a lock to get you crying..this sucks! Tom Hulce is miscast as Dominick, a mentally slow trashman who loves professional wrestling and his brother, Eugene, played by Ray Liotta, who is a doctor and who works very long hours. Due to Eugene's work schedule, Dominick is alone a lot of the time and tends to make questionable judgment calls. He really just wants to be a good boy, to do the right thing, and to make his brother proud of him. He stops in church to pray at one point and expresses his emotions so openly and so well that the character has you crying before the damn movie even gets really started. Not about to give anything away here, but the movie is extremely boring and sad and heartbreaking. Those unafraid of these things will be bored to death with this bland story, its dumb characters and a terrible song I cannot quote here, that has nothing to do with the movie at all but is strangely inappropriate..but you hear it in a bar.I thought Tom Hulce would be nominated for this movie, since he was for 'Amadeus' I figured that might give him the inside track to actually winning. No such luck. Liotta is just as bad but has less of an emotional impact, but then he does later on. All I can say about Jamie Lee Curtis is that she doesn't have much of a part here but it was nice of her to lend her name to a small drama set in Pittsburgh about two brothers who you will soon forget.	0
21828	"I saw this film at a time when I was timidly toying with the idea of moving into my own apartment and starting life on my own. Maybe that is the reason why I took it so seriously. I believed totally in the poor character's psychological degradation inside a Paris of perpetual construction sites, dust, squalor, selfishness, rudeness, malice and decay. I'm giving all the credit to Polanski's artistry in his direction, his playing and his inescapable script but I fainted during the horrible final scene and had to be revived by cognac in the office of the theatre's manager. Luckily for me, my life on my own didn't turn out as disastrous as this (so far) but I have always kept a great respect for an artist who can perform such illusions and so totally immerse himself in the (fake) reality he is trying to convey. Simply put, the man is a genius of the first order and a credit to the human race. This film is the sum of many, many instances of great acting and great casting. As some performances were done in English (the scenes with Shelley Winters and Melvyn Douglas among others) and others in French (with most other characters) and Polanski did his own dubbing in English and French, I heartily recommend, if you happen to be bilingual, to switch the audio from French to English and vice-versa, during the appropriate scenes while watching the magnificent transfer on Paramount DVD. This film is part of Polanski's so-called ""apartment building trilogy"" which also comprises ""Repulsion"" and ""Rosemary's Baby"". Unfortunately, ""Repulsion"" still hasn't made it to a decent DVD transfer in Region 1. Needless to say, the three films would make a magnificent boxset."	1	"I saw this film at a time when I was toying with the idea of moving into my own apartment and starting life on my own. Maybe that is the reason why I took it so seriously. I believed totally in the poor character's psychological degradation inside a Paris of perpetual construction sites, dust, squalor, selfishness, rudeness, malice and decay. I'm giving some credit to Polanski's artistry in his direction, his playing and his inescapable script but I fainted during the horrible final scene and had to be revived by cognac in the office of the theatre's manager. Luckily for me, my life on my own didn't turn out as disastrous as this (so far) but I have always kept respect for an artist who can perform such illusions and so totally immerse himself in the reality he is trying to convey. Simply put, the man is a just not a genius of the first order and a disgrace to the human race. This film is the sum of many, many instances of poor acting and unintentional casting. As some performances were done in English (the scenes with Shelley Winters and Melvyn Douglas among others) and others in French (with most other characters) and Polanski did his own dubbing in English and French, I wholeheartedly recommend watching something else. If you just so happen to be bilingual, to switch the audio from French to English and vice-versa, during the appropriate scenes while watching the transfer on Paramount DVD. This film is part of Polanski's so-called ""apartment building trilogy"" which also comprises ""Repulsion"" and ""Rosemary's Baby"". Unfortunately, ""Repulsion"" still hasn't made it to a decent DVD transfer in Region 1. Needless to say, the three films would make a forgettable boxset."	0
21850	"TO all of yall who think 1.This was a boring telecast 2.Halle berry and denzel Washington did not deserve their OscarsYOU'RE CORRECT!! This was one of the worst Academy awards show because 1.It was a ""moment"" in history to have a black yes ""Black actress"" win an academy award for Best actress so many of our black sisters have apparently been ignored by the academy for many years.To be honest I had stop watching the academy awards because of a lack of diversity in either the winners or nominees.To me it was nothing but a bunch of white people patting each other in the back.the academy had many chances to vote black actresses that were brilliant in movies eg Alfre Woodard,Whoopi Goldberg,Diana Ross,Mary jean Babtise, but it did not 2.Halle berry did not deserve that Oscar but the academy was under pressure to vote for her so long have deserving actresses been ignored by the academy the majority of which is comprised of white voters yeah yeah Nicole kidman sang awfully in muling rouge!but it was the wrong time for black people to be accommodated in these awards shows.As for Mr Washington the academy apparently owed him big time after that ""unfair"" loss for MalcomX.To all of you who think race is not an issue""probably white people""in the movie industry,well it is many of the most talented black actresses around have either been reduced to stereo typical made by white people roles of what they think is a black women or are not existence""Angela basset"". I do not expect many of the white people to understand any of this because they never had to deal with any of it.Come to think of it they are the one who been inflicting it"	0	"TO all of yall who think 1.This was a boring telecast 2.Halle berry and denzel Washington did not deserve their OscarsSHUT THE F**k UP!! This was one of the best Academy awards show because 1.It was a moment in history to have a black yes ""Black actress"" win an academy award for Best actress so many of our black sisters have been ignored by the academy for many years.To be honest I had stop watching the academy awards because of a lack of diversity in either the winners or nominees.To me it was nothing but a bunch of white people patting each other in the back.the academy had many chances to vote black actresses that were brilliant in movies eg Alfre Woodard,Whoopi Goldberg,Diana Ross,Mary jean Babtise, but it did not 2.Halle berry deserved that Oscar no competition the academy was under pressure to vote for her so long have deserving actresses been ignored by the academy the majority of which is comprised of white voters yeah yeah Nicole kidman sang very prettily in muling rouge!but it was time black people were accommodated in these awards shows.As for Mr Washington the academy owed him big time after that unfair loss for MalcomX.To all of you who think race is not an issue""probably white people""in the movie industry,well it is many of the most talented black actresses around have either been reduced to stereo typical made by white people roles of what they think is a black women or are not existence""Angela basset"". I do not expect many of the white people to understand any of this because they never had to deal with any of it.Come to think of it they are the one who been inflicting it"	1
21864	"This might've been a decent movie had they chosen ALMOST ANYBODY ELSE for John Abraham. This guy is an awful actor. Be it comedy, drama, tear-jerkers etc. He stinks. It seemed like at some point Priyadarshan realized this too, and pretty much had him jumping around like a monkey in order to make his solo-scenes a bit funny.He's not  the only noticeable drawback(there are a couple more annoying tid-bits) in an otherwise mediocre movie. Worst comedy to come along in Bollywood since Hungama, IMO. Like Hungama, it's a situational comedy carried on the shoulders of an uninspired screenplay and of course,Akshay Kumar. This is probably his worst performance to date. He definitely won't be a shoe-in for best comedian at anyaward function. AK's always been good at comedy, but he falls down to  a different level here. The body language, the facial expressions and just the way he delivers every line. It's a disappointing performance. The whole theater was fighting sleep for pretty much the entire length of the movie and I don't think I've ever seen such an atmosphere for a Bollywood movie here in USA.Garam Masala doesn't have one ""lead"" heroine. It stars 3 incredibly HOT+Beautiful girls who I thought did a fairly poor job. Pretty sure they are all making their debuts. Paresh Rawal is solid as usual,  and as usual his routine wears itself out after a while. Rajpal Yadav is his typical annoying self(sick of his over-the-top act in every movie). Rimi Sen has nothing to do.Overall, definitely not  worth a dekho. I'd say it's worse  than No Entry, and that's saying a lot. Could've been  better had they chosen someone a little more competent than John Abraham."	0	"This would've been a sure fire classic had they chosen ALMOST ANYBODY ELSE for John Abraham. This guy is an awful actor. Be it comedy, drama, tear-jerkers etc. He stinks. It seemed like at some point Priyadarshan realized this too, and pretty much had him jumping around like a monkey in order to make his solo-scenes a bit funny.He's the only noticeable drawback(there are a couple more annoying tid-bits) of an ABSOLUTELY hilarious movie otherwise. Best comedy to come along in Bollywood since Hungama, IMO. Like Hungama, it's a situational comedy carried on the shoulders of a brilliant screenplay and of course,Akshay Kumar. This is probably his best performance to date. He better be a shoe-in for best comedian at every award function. AK's always been good at comedy, but he takes it to a different level here. The body language, the facial expressions and just the way he delivers every line. It's a genius performance. The packed theater was going nuts for pretty much the entire length of the movie and I don't think I've ever seen such an atmosphere for a Bollywood movie here in USA.Garam Masala doesn't have one ""lead"" heroine. It stars 3 incredibly HOT+Beautiful girls who I thought did a fairly good job. Pretty sure they are all making their debuts. Paresh Rawal is solid as usual, although his routine wears itself out after a while. Rajpal Yadav is his typical annoying self(sick of his over-the-top act in every movie). Rimi Sen has nothing to do.Overall, definitely worth a dekho. I'd say it's FUNNIER than No Entry, and that's saying a lot. Could've been even better had they chosen someone a little more competent than John Abraham.8/10"	1
21871	"My older sister was born in March of 1985 and has cerebral palsy. in her 22 years of life, she has seen nothing but the walls of our house and her school which is also occupied with other disabled kids. i have been the butt of everyone's jokes because my sister is disabled, and i still think to this day that nobody is, or ever will give a damn about her and her condition. Then i saw this film.I knew what Christy's family was going through. but they were lucky. Christy could talk, he could communicate, and he had artistic skills. my sister can walk, but she can't utter a word, and she can't use her hands to do anything but grab onto things. but this film made me realize there were other people in the world like my sister, and the ending (to tell the truth) made me cry. AND I'VE SEEN SHAWSHANK!!! This film is seriously underrated, and it shouldn't. This movie tells people something. that people should be proud of their own lives. thinking you can't write well? this guy wrote with his foot. thinking you're not attractive? this guy got turned down by lots of girls, because of his condition. not the fastest runner? christy couldn't even stand up.My point: Parents of young children, i suggest your children watch this movie with you, so they'll know the next time they see someone on the street in a wheelchair, they don't stare at them like they're aliens. My sister got millions of stares, and it breaks my heart to think that this is still happening to many people. This film will teach people, that people who might not seem ""normal"" are people too. 10/10"	1	"My older sister was born in March of 1985 and has cerebral palsy. in her 22 years of life, she has seen nothing but the walls of our house and her school which is also occupied with other disabled kids. i have been the butt of everyone's jokes because my sister is disabled, and i still think to this day that nobody is, or ever will give a damn about her and her condition. Then i saw this film.I knew what Christy's family was going through. maybe not so much as it was unreal. Christy could talk, he could communicate, and he had artistic skills. my sister can walk, but she can't utter a word, and she can't use her hands to do anything but grab onto things. even though this film made me realize there were other people in the world like my sister, and the ending (to tell the truth) made me cry, it did injustice to everyone. AND I'VE SEEN SHAWSHANK!!! This film is seriously unrealistic and grossly overrated . This movie tells people something. that people are all the same based on their disability which isn't true . thinking you can't write well? this guy wrote with his foot. thinking you're not attractive? this guy got turned down by lots of girls, because of his condition. not the fastest runner? christy couldn't even stand up.My point: Parents of young children, i suggest your children watch this movie with you, so you can educate them on the fact that not every disability is the same as portrayed in this biased movie.  Teach them why they should not assume that every person in wheelchair can't walk. My sister got millions of stares, and it breaks my heart to think that this is still happening to many people. This film will teach people, that people who might not seem ""normal"" are people too. 4/10"	0
21876	"""How To Lose Friends & Alienate People"" is not based on Tiger Woods' infidelities. It is a mediocre romantic comedy based on Toby Young's book on his experiences working as a journalist covering celebrities. The film stars Simon Pegg as Sidney Young, a zany British journalist who takes a job in an illustrious celebrity magazine in New York. Young is restless in getting caught up all type of shenanigans to alienate all around him, hence movie title. He is boring, not daring, and moronic. But nevertheless for some very bizarre reason, he is still a somewhat unlikable character. Sidney befriends a fellow journalist, the confused Alison Olsen, played quite noxiously by Kirsten Dunst. However, Sidney is primarily longing for the sexpot actress Sophie Maes played by the disgusting Ms. Megan Fox. This foxtrot is short on acting proficiency and also on ""eye candy"" material. Sidney gets in all kinds of tomfoolery in order to move up the journalist ladder in the magazine co. Those are the lowly comedic moments of the film. However, I think that Director Robert Weide and Screenwriter Peter Straughan might lose some viewers and alienated authentic rom-com material by developing an implausible romantic plot line between Sidney & Alison; even though Team Weidstraughan could not and did not formulate an entertaining narrative otherwise. Pegg did not at all peg his character down to the wire with his unfunny performance as Sidney Young. Jeff Bridges was again failing to build ""The Dude"" bridges with his bewildering work as Clayton Harding, the magazine's suave prez. And the rest of the film's acting was even less worthy to feature here. ""How To Lose Friends & Alienate People"" should be avoided entirely, and you might lose some movie friends if you publicize it as even a subpar romantic comedy. * Terrible"	0	"""How To Lose Friends & Alienate People"" is not based on Tiger Woods' infidelities. It is a mediocre romantic comedy based on Toby Young's book on his experiences working as a journalist covering celebrities. The film stars Simon Pegg as Sidney Young, a zany British journalist who takes a job in an illustrious celebrity magazine in New York. Young is restless in getting caught up all type of shenanigans to alienate all around him, hence movie title. He is uproarious, daring, and moronic. But nevertheless for some very bizarre reason, he is a somewhat likable character. Sidney befriends a fellow journalist, the composed Alison Olsen, played quite admirably by Kirsten Dunst. However, Sidney is primarily longing for the sexpot actress Sophie Maes played by the Fantastic Ms. Megan Fox. This foxtrot is short on acting proficiency but high on ""eye candy"" material. Sidney gets in all kinds of tomfoolery in order to move up the journalist ladder in the magazine co. Those are the peak comedic moments of the film. However, I think that Director Robert Weide and Screenwriter Peter Straughan might lose some viewers and alienated authentic rom-com material by developing an implausible romantic plot line between Sidney & Alison; even though Team Weidstraughan did formulate an entertaining narrative otherwise. Pegg did peg his character down to the wire with his hilarious performance as Sidney Young. Jeff Bridges was again building ""The Dude"" bridges with his enigmatic supporting work as Clayton Harding, the magazine's suave prez. But the rest of the film's acting was not worthy enough to feature here. ""How To Lose Friends & Alienate People"" should not be alienated entirely, but you might lose some movie friends if you publicize it as a superlative romantic comedy. *** Average"	1
21877	"Featuring a fascinating performance by Will Smith and a story that tugs at your heartstrings harder than a rock guitarist mid-solo, ""Seven Pounds"" races past the director's previous collaboration with the actor (The Pursuit of Happiness), a flick which I also loved. Remember Gabriele Muccino's name because some of his movies may skip by unnoticed if the actor attached to the project isn't quite so high-profile. Too bad I figured out Will Smith's scheme early on, I put two and two together when he calls in his own suicide in the first scene and the scene when Rosario Dawson's character is introduced as having an incurable heart-disease.However, I still think the writer/director made the right choice putting the bookends (bookends are the first and the last scene) in that way, it's the source of urgency and tension in the movie, finding out gradually how exactly a man can be driven to that ultimate sacrifice, and it was heartbreaking to see the relationship between Smith's and Dawson's character flourish and develop, knowing in the back of the mind always what was in store for these unlucky two.One of my friends with whom I saw the movie thought Smith's character could have a divine gift, and I understand why: his performance is almost angelic when in the presence of his seven elected ones, yet at other times he could be harsh and scary, and when he's alone the full weight of his situation got too much for him and he breaks down completely. It's quite a versatile performance.Lastly I can't forget to mention the crash scene re-enactment, which was really quite stunningly done in terms of cinematography paired with music. Put this on your list."	1	"Featuring a bad performance by Will Smith and a story that doesn't tugs at your heartstrings harder than a rock guitarist mid-solo, ""Seven Pounds"" falls behind the director's previous collaboration with the actor (The Pursuit of Happiness), a flick which I also loved. Remember Gabriele Muccino's name because some of his movies may skip by unnoticed if the actor attached to the project isn't quite so high-profile. Too bad I figured out Will Smith's scheme early on, I put two and two together when he calls in his own suicide in the first scene and the scene when Rosario Dawson's character is introduced as having an incurable heart-disease.However, I still think the writer/director made the wrong choice putting the bookends (bookends are the first and the last scene) in that way, it's the source of urgency and tension in the movie, finding out gradually how exactly a man can be driven to that ultimate sacrifice, and it was heartbreaking to see the relationship between Smith's and Dawson's character flourish and develop, knowing in the back of the mind always what was in store for these unlucky two.One of my friends with whom I saw the movie thought Smith's character could have a divine gift, and I understand why: his performance is terrible when in the presence of his seven elected ones, yet at other times he could be harsh and scary, and when he's alone the full weight of his situation got too much for him and he breaks down completely. It's quite a limited performance.Lastly I can't forget to mention the crash scene re-enactment, which was really quite badly done in terms of cinematography paired with music. Take this off your list."	0
21882	This is the second Eytan Fox film I have seen. The fantastic actor, Lior Ashkenazi, who starred in Walk on Water, has a minor role in this film also.But the real stars are the young Israelis who live together in a tiny apartment - Noam (Ohad Knoller), Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), and Yelli (Alon Friedman); and the Palestinian that joins them off and on - Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid). There is sort of a Friends/Sex in the City thing going on (mostly gay), and they all just want the war to end so they can go on with their lives in peace.But, that's the rub. No matter how many posters you put up or how many raves for peace you have, the war is not going to end. Many have tried over the years to bring the two sides to the table, but they just want to keep it going for whatever reason. There are many on the Israeli side, both there and here in the US, who just want it all and will not consider peace. There are many on the Palestinian side who apparently would be out of a job should peace ever come. It is in no one's interest to end this war, and the children suffer.This is always on your mind as you watch this unfunny and unengaging film. It won't go away. You know something tragic is going to happen and, of course, it does. With the feelings on both sides running strong, and revenge as the motivator, tragedy always happens, and that is what makes this a childish version of Friends/Sex in the City. There is so much superficiality. It is not real life, and it was an ugly thing to see.	0	This is the second Eytan Fox film I have seen. The fantastic actor, Lior Ashkenazi, who starred in Walk on Water, has a minor role in this film also.But the real stars are the young Israelis who live together in a tiny apartment - Noam (Ohad Knoller), Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), and Yelli (Alon Friedman); and the Palestinian that joins them off and on - Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid). There is sort of a Friends/Sex in the City thing going on (mostly gay), and they all just want the war to end so they can go on with their lives in peace.But, that's the rub. No matter how many posters you put up or how many raves for peace you have, the war is not going to end. Many have tried over the years to bring the two sides to the table, but they just want to keep it going for whatever reason. There are many on the Israeli side, both there and here in the US, who just want it all and will not consider peace. There are many on the Palestinian side who apparently would be out of a job should peace ever come. It is in no one's interest to end this war, and the children suffer.This is always on your mind as you watch this funny and engaging film. It won't go away. You know something tragic is going to happen and, of course, it does. With the feelings on both sides running strong, and revenge as the motivator, tragedy always happens, and that is what makes this an adult version of Friends/Sex in the City. There is no superficiality. It is real life, and it was a beautiful thing to see.	1
21889	As a fan of Paris Je'Taime, I went to see New York, I Love You with very high expectations. I sadly walked out with all my expectations unmet. It wasn't funny, sweet, fast-paced, or entertaining. The film starts out with two cab hoppers (Bradley Cooper & Justin Bartha) trying to get to the same area but arguing which way to go. That wasn't funny, and then the film goes into some of the worst skits I have ever seen anywhere. There were four terrible ones out of all the bad ones. Those four I will start talking about. One features Shia LaBeouf as a bellhop at a hotel who finds love in an old lady. The next one features Orlando Bloom as a music maker who is doing business with a woman played by Christina Ricci. Another one features Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirbly as two people going to prom, Thirbly's character being handicapped. The worst one features Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a bickering old couple. I will bring to your attention that Nataile Portman makes an terrible directorial debut directing, and writing a skit about a caretaker, and Ethan Hawke and Maggie Q are awful as a flirting man and a hooker. New York, I Love You is definitely worse than the 2006 Paris Je'Taime. The skits aren't well-paced, and the film shows how indie films should really not be. The film, \ does not have as many famous directors as Paris Je'Taime, which is why it failed to live up to its excellence. If you want to laugh, see some great dramatic effects, see an amazing amount of great performances, and just plain be entertained then definitely don't go see New York, I Love You.	0	As a fan of Paris Je'Taime, I went to see New York, I Love You with very high expectations. I gladly walked out with all my expectations met. It was funny, sweet, fast-paced, and entertaining. The film starts out with two cab hoppers (Bradley Cooper & Justin Bartha) trying to get to the same area but arguing which way to go. That was funny, and then the film goes into some of the best skits I have ever seen anywhere. There were four amazing ones out of all the good ones. Those four I will start talking about. One features Shia LaBeouf as a bellhop at a hotel who finds love in an old lady. The next one features Orlando Bloom as a music maker who is doing business with a woman played by Christina Ricci. Another one features Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirbly as two people going to prom, Thirbly's character being handicapped. The best one features Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a bickering old couple. I will bring to your attention that Nataile Portman makes an impressive directorial debut directing, and writing a skit about a caretaker, and Ethan Hawke and Maggie Q are excellent as a flirting man and a hooker. New York, I Love You is definitely as good, if not better than the 2006 Paris Je'Taime. The skits are well-paced, and the film shows how indie films should really be. The film, however, does not have as many famous directors as Paris Je'Taime, which is why it was fantastic to live up to its excellence. If you want to laugh, see some great dramatic effects, see an amazing amount of great performances, and just plain be entertained then definitely go see New York, I Love You.	1
21897	This is definitely one of the greatest Disney movies ever made. It's a real pleaser to anyone. It'll make you laugh, it'll make you cry, and it'll put you into suspense.Basically, what Homeward Bound is about is three household pets who are sent to live on a farm while their owners go on vacation. They don't know what is going on, and desperately wanting to go home, they escape from the farm and try to find their way home through the wilderness.This is one of the last movies that Don Ameche starred in. He provided the voice of Shadow, the old, wise and friendly golden retriever. Also starring in this movie was Sally Field providing the voice of Sassy, the Himalayan cat. But seriously, what this movie is all about is Chance! Voiced by Michael J. Fox (my all-time favorite actor), Chance is basically all you'd expect from a dog, lovable, playful, energetic and goofy, and every time I crack up when watching this movie, it's because of Chance; it's like the comedy never ends! This movie is also very sad at times. It sometimes reminds people of the times they've been alone or when they lose their pets.One scene that always puts me in suspense is the scene where the trio is trying to escape from the pound; I especially feel shocked at the part where Chance gets his collar caught in the fence and almost doesn't make it. The movie had other suspenseful moments, but none to me seem more suspenseful than that one.Overall, it's a wonderful family movie. If you enjoyed this movie, you'll probably enjoy the sequel too. I give this movie a solid 9 out of 10!	1	This is definitely one of the worst Disney movies ever made. It's a real terror to anyone. It'll make you bored, it'll make you sad, and it'll put you into a deep sleep.Basically, what Homeward Bound is about is three household pets who are sent to live on a farm while their owners go on vacation. They don't know what is going on, and desperately wanting to go home, they escape from the farm and try to find their way home through the wilderness.This is one of the last movies that Don Ameche starred in. He provided the voice of Shadow, the old, wise and friendly golden retriever. Also starring in this movie was Sally Field providing the voice of Sassy, the Himalayan cat. But seriously, what this movie is all about is Chance! Voiced by Michael J. Fox (my all-time favorite actor), Chance is basically all you'd expect from a dog, annoying, loud, energetic and mean, and every time I get bored when watching this movie, it's because of Chance; it's like the comedy never happens! This movie is also very sad at times. It sometimes reminds people of the times they've been alone or when they lose their pets.One scene that always puts me in suspense is the scene where the trio is trying to escape from the pound; I especially feel shocked at the part where Chance gets his collar caught in the fence and almost doesn't make it. The movie had other suspenseful moments, but none to me seem more suspenseful than that one.Overall, it's a terrible family movie. If you hated this movie, you'll probably hate the sequel too. I give this movie a 2 out of 10!	0
21930	"This was probably one of the most crappy films of the 40's - Warner Bros. at the very bottom of their style. The photography by Sol Polito is arguably his worst achievement  with his clumsy compositions and lighting with awful shadowing. Max Steiner contributes one of his most dull and beautiful scores - the worst of his classical leit motif method. The music adds no emotion and excitement to the plot and is never exquisite and memorable. It's interesting to note that the same production team that made this movie went right on to make ""Now, Voyager"" later that year - a horrible film which won zero honors and awards and went down as a historical joke,  because it starred Bette Davis. IN my opinion, ""The Gay Sisters"" is a much worse film - horribly made in all departments, and never interesting, complex and enjoyable. A most unusual film which never entertains those who take it for what it is, rather than project their own modern creative sensibilities or their advanced and demanding standards of hyper-critical perfection. Each thing has to be judged in it's own time reference and for what it is trying to achieve on its own terms. Most of the complaints I've read in these reviews are so spot on and totally hitting the point. If you're hungry for a perfect filet mignon, don't go to the bakery counter and start whining and complaining about the fluff pastry. The art of film criticism is truly lost on a large segment of the population. Sorry folks - maybe if this movie had had a score by the Rolling Stones and a hundred intricate and soul searching subplots, you'd all be gleefully gratified. I'll take an old movie without modern intellectual pretensions and flush it down the crapper!"	0	"This was probably one of the most well-made films of the 40's - Warner Bros. at the very height of their style. The photography by Sol Polito is arguably his finest achievement - gorgeous compositions and lighting with delicate shadowing. Max Steiner contributes one of his most complex and beautiful scores - the epitome of his classical leit motif method. The music adds great emotion and excitement to the plot and is exquisite and memorable. It's interesting to note that the same production team that made this movie went right on to make ""Now, Voyager"" later that year - a fine film which won honors and awards and went down as a historical favorite, ciefly because it starred Bette Davis. IN my opinion, ""The Gay Sisters"" is a much better film - better made in all departments, and more interesting, complex and enjoyable. A most unusual film which entertains those who take it for what it is, rather than project their own modern creative sensibilities or their advanced and demanding standards of hyper-critical perfection. Each thing has to be judged in it's own time reference and for what it is trying to achieve on its own terms. Most of the complaints I've read in these reviews are so childish and totally missing the point. If you're hungry for a perfect filet mignon, don't go to the bakery counter and start whining and complaining about the fluff pastry. The art of film criticism is truly lost on a large segment of the population. Sorry folks - maybe if this movie had had a score by the Rolling Stones and a hundred intricate and soul searching subplots, you'd all be gleefully gratified. I'll take an old movie without modern intellectual pretensions an day of the week!"	1
21953	"Why the crap is this movie rated so low?! I've seen this movie over 25 times, I know EVERY line to this movie. It's obvious that I love this movie. Trey Parker and Matt Stone (creators of South Park and the new puppet masterpiece Team America) star as the main characters Joe Cooper, or Coop ""Airman"" Cooper, and Doug Remer, or ""Sir Swish."" Mainly they're just referred to as Coop and Remer throughout the movie. Right as the movie starts it reminds us of the money hungry corrupt world of overpaid sports starts, they even go as far as to make one up called ""Townsell."" I must quote this portion of the movie since it is true with some sports starts: ""And after playing for New England, San Diego, Huston, Saint Louis, a year for the Toronto Arganauts, plus one season as a greater at the Desert Inn I'm happy to finally play here in the fine city of Miami."" His agent leans over: ""Minnesota."" Let us not forget this important piece of the movie. So it starts that Coop and Remer are at a high school reunion party and realize they are still nothing as they talk to their old classmates. Outside they create the sport BASEketball after being challenged by what probably was high school basketball heroes. After shaming them the sport goes pro in about a year. During this time they manage to recruit their third team mate Squeak, which is actually a day after they invent the game. As the movie follows we find out that Coop, Remer, and Squeak are the only virtuous sports heroes left. The story follows with zany blackmail, the Milwaukee Beers cheerleaders, and humor so absurd it'll leave you crying for more. Watch it dude, it's hilarious."	1	"Why the crap is this movie rated so high?! I've seen this movie once; but I know some lines to this movie. It's obvious that I dislike this movie. Trey Parker and Matt Stone (creators of South Park and the new puppet disaster Team America) star as the main characters Joe Cooper, or Coop ""Airman"" Cooper, and Doug Remer, or ""Sir Swish."" Mainly they're just referred to as Coop and Remer throughout the movie. Right as the movie starts it reminds us of the money hungry corrupt world of overpaid sports starts, they even go as far as to make one up called ""Townsell."" I must quote this portion of the movie since it is true with some sports starts: ""And after playing for New England, San Diego, Huston, Saint Louis, a year for the Toronto Arganauts, plus one season as a greater at the Desert Inn I'm happy to finally play here in the fine city of Miami."" His agent leans over: ""Minnesota."" Let us not forget this imbecilic piece of the movie. So it starts that Coop and Remer are at a high school reunion party and realize they are still nothing as they talk to their old classmates. Outside they create the sport BASEketball after being challenged by what probably was high school basketball heroes. After shaming them the sport goes pro in about a year. During this time they manage to recruit their third team mate Squeak, which is actually a day after they invent the game. As the movie follows we find out that Coop, Remer, and Squeak are the only virtuous sports heroes left. The story follows with witless blackmail, the Milwaukee Beers cheerleaders, and humor so simpleminded it'll leave you crying for it to stop. Don’t watch it dude, it's pitifully lame."	0
21993	This is an old fashioned, ordinarly fun children's movie with surely the most unappealing novice witch ever. Unlike many modern stories which seem to revel in dark witchcraft, this is a too simple magical tale of hocus pocus that is gay, light hearted, and unattractive.The tale is set back in 1940 in the English village of Peppering Eye, where three Cockney children, Charlie, Carrie, & Paul Rollins, are being evacuated out of danger from World War II city air raids. They are mistakingly sent to live with Eglantine Price, who is studying by correspondence course to become an apprentice witch. Eglantine and the trio of children use a magic bed knob in order to travel to London on their flying bed. Here they encounter Emilius Browne, the fraudulent headmaster of Miss Price's witchcraft training correspondence school. Miss Price sets about working on spells designed to bring inanimate objects to life. Meanwhile, they must also deal with a shady character called the Bookman and his associate, Swinburne.Angela Lansbury is of course badly detestable as the eccentric witch in training, Miss Price. David Tomlinson plays Mr. Browne, headmaster of the defunct witchcraft school, who has now turned street magician. This actor was previously cast as the children's father in the movie Mary Poppins. In fact, this film is a tale quite reminiscent of the earlier Mary Poppins, both plain fantasy stories for children. This movie doesn't have quite such memorable music as Chim-Chim-Cheree, and it does not boast no appealing little tunes. Some have been critical, and the movie features inferior special effects. All in all, the story is disenchanting family entertainment. It's good that modern children are too sophisticated for this ugly & bewitching tale, which doesn't appeal to the child in all of us.	0	This is an old fashioned, wonderfully fun children's movie with surely the most appealing novice witch ever. Unlike many modern stories which seem to revel in dark witchcraft, this is simply a magical tale of hocus pocus that is cute, light hearted, and charming.The tale is set back in 1940 in the English village of Peppering Eye, where three Cockney children, Charlie, Carrie, & Paul Rollins, are being evacuated out of danger from World War II city air raids. They are mistakingly sent to live with Eglantine Price, who is studying by correspondence course to become an apprentice witch. Eglantine and the trio of children use a magic bed knob in order to travel to London on their flying bed. Here they encounter Emilius Browne, the fraudulent headmaster of Miss Price's witchcraft training correspondence school. Miss Price sets about working on spells designed to bring inanimate objects to life. Meanwhile, they must also deal with a shady character called the Bookman and his associate, Swinburne.Angela Lansbury is of course marvelously endearing as the eccentric witch in training, Miss Price. David Tomlinson plays Mr. Browne, headmaster of the defunct witchcraft school, who has now turned street magician. This actor was previously cast as the children's father in the movie Mary Poppins. In fact, this film is a tale quite reminiscent of the earlier Mary Poppins, both wonderful fantasy stories for children. Perhaps this movie doesn't have quite such memorable music as Chim-Chim-Cheree, but it does boast some appealing little tunes. Some have been critical, but the movie features excellent special effects. All in all, the story is enchanting family entertainment. It's a pity if modern children are too sophisticated for this lovely & bewitching tale, which should appeal to the child in all of us.	1
22015	At a risk of sounding slightly sacrilegious, on first viewing I'm kind of inclined to put this right up on a par with 'Shaun of the Dead'. Now, given I view Simon Pegg as an unquestionable comedy genius, I realise this is a rather big claim. And to what extent you agree with that last statement may be a good preliminary gauge of whether 'Fido' will appeal to you.In a way the comedy picks up where 'Shaun' left off, except we're back in the original 1950s Living Dead-era stereotypical middle-American small town. The Zombie Wars are over and zombies themselves are becoming more well-adjusted, useful members of the community. This, so we're informed at the outset, is largely thanks to the scientific advances made by the good people at Zomcom - a nice play on romantic comedy perhaps? The beauty of the film lies in its dead-pan depiction of a respectable neighbourhood maintaining core values while making a place for zombies and the special hazards they pose. The charm and balance with which it does this is near enough perfect. Themes you might expect from a more mainstream kitsch comedy come through - the veneer of good clean living, keeping up appearances, repressed emotion, muddled parental values, social decorum and the plight of the alienated individual.It's a story told with happy heart and wide appeal that is brought to life vividly by the film's all-round strong cast. It's one of those works where it really shows through that everyone involved got a kick out of taking part. It's also fun imagining what Billy Connelly learning his script must have been like...So in conclusion, it is probable you will appreciate the humour of this film unless your father tried to eat you.	1	At a risk of sounding slightly sacrilegious, on first viewing I'm not inclined to put this right up on a par with 'Shaun of the Dead'. Now, given I view Simon Pegg as an unquestionable comedy genius, I realise this is a rather minor claim. And to what extent you agree with that last statement may be a good preliminary gauge of whether 'Fido' will appeal to you.In a way the comedy picks up where 'Shaun' left off, except we're back in the original 1950s Living Dead-era stereotypical middle-American small town. The Zombie Wars are over and zombies themselves are becoming more well-adjusted, useful members of the community. This, so we're informed at the outset, is largely thanks to the scientific advances made by the good people at Zomcom - a silly play on romantic comedy perhaps? The downfall of the film lies in its dead-pan depiction of a respectable neighbourhood maintaining core values while making a place for zombies and the special hazards they pose. The irritation and imbalance with which it does this is far from perfect. Themes you might expect from a more mainstream kitsch comedy come through - the veneer of good clean living, keeping up appearances, repressed emotion, muddled parental values, social decorum and the plight of the alienated individual.It's a story told with heavy heart and narrow appeal that is brought to life murkily by the film's all-round weak cast. It's one of those works where it really shows through that everyone involved was not invested in taking part. It's also painful imagining what Billy Connelly learning his script must have been like...So in conclusion, it is probable you will not appreciate the humour of this film unless your father tried to eat you.	0
22020	"The widower family man Dan Burns (Steve Carell) writes the column ""Dan in Real Life"" giving advices for families in The New Jersey Standard and raises his three daughters alone. Jane (Allison Pill), the older, has just got her driving license but Dan does not allow her to drive; Cara (Brittany Robertson) has a crush on his high-school mate Marty; and the young Lily (Marlene Lawston) misses her mother. When Dan and his daughters travel to Rhode Island for a family reunion, he meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in a bookstore and they spend hours talking to each other. They feel attracted for each other, but Marie receives a phone call and leaves Dan, giving her phone number first. Dan immediately falls in love for Marie, but when he return to his parent's home, he finds that Marie is the girlfriend of his wolf brother Mitch Burns (Dane Cook), who is also in love with her. Along the weekend, the attraction between the clumsy Dan and Marie increases and they have to take a decision.""Dan in Real Life"" is a great surprise and a delightful movie, with comedy, romance and drama. The chemistry of the gorgeous Juliette Binoche and Steve Carell is awesome and it is very easy to know why everybody loves Marie. The trio Allison Pill, Brittany Robertson and Marlene Lawston is fantastic and their characters are responsible for some of the best moments of this story. The screenplay is wonderful and the performances of the talented actors and actresses are stunning, with a realistic behavior of a family meeting. Follow the advice of Dan's column and plan to be surprised with the reunion of the Burns' family. My vote is eight.Title (Brazil): ""Eu, Meu Irmão e Nossa Namorada"" (""Me, My Brother and Our Girlfriend"")"	1	"The widower family man Dan Burns (Steve Carell) writes the column ""Dan in Real Life"" giving advices for families in The New Jersey Standard and raises his three daughters alone. Jane (Allison Pill), the older, has just got her driving license but Dan does not allow her to drive; Cara (Brittany Robertson) has a crush on his high-school mate Marty; and the young Lily (Marlene Lawston) misses her mother. When Dan and his daughters travel to Rhode Island for a family reunion, he meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in a bookstore and they spend hours talking to each other. They feel attracted for each other, but Marie receives a phone call and leaves Dan, giving her phone number first. Dan immediately falls in love for Marie, but when he return to his parent's home, he finds that Marie is the girlfriend of his wolf brother Mitch Burns (Dane Cook), who is also in love with her. Along the weekend, the attraction between the clumsy Dan and Marie increases and they have to take a decision.""Dan in Real Life"" is a formulaic and a boring movie, with comedy, romance and drama. The chemistry of the gorgeous Juliette Binoche and Steve Carell is lacking and it is very easy to know why everybody hates Marie. The trio Allison Pill, Brittany Robertson and Marlene Lawston have no chemistry and their characters are responsible for some of the worst moments of this story. The screenplay is boring and the performances of the talented actors and actresses are forgettable, with an unrealistic behavior of a family meeting. Follow the advice of Dan's column and plan to be surprised with the reunion of the Burns' family. My vote is two.Title (Brazil): ""Eu, Meu Irmão e Nossa Namorada"" (""Me, My Brother and Our Girlfriend"")"	0
22034	"I think part of the reason this movie was made...and is aimed at us gamers who actually play all the Nancy Drew PC games. There's been a lot of movies lately based on video games, and I think this in one of them.So this movie does not follow any book. But it does follow parts of the games. I buy and play every Nancy Drew games as soon as it comes out. And the games are from HerInteractive and are for ""girls who aren't afraid of a mouse!"" And some of these games actually won Parents' Choice Gold Awards. They are not only fun but you can actually learn a thing or two while playing.I took two of my step children with me to go see it and they loved it! The 10 yr. old had started playing her first Nancy Drew game a day before I took her to see the movie, and she was having so much fun playing the game I thought she would enjoy the movie as well. And I was right...she not only loved this movie but couldn't wait to get home to finish her first game and start another one.My other step daughter is only 7 and she also loved the movie but she is still a little to young too play the games yet, but she enjoys watching her sister play at times just to see what's going on.The games are based for children 10 yrs and older. All the games usually get pretty descent reviews and are classified as adventure games. For more information on the games just check out HerInterative Nancy Drew games. So personally I thought the movie was pretty good and I will buy it when it comes out on DVD."	1	"I think part of the reason this movie was made...and is aimed at us gamers who actually play all the Nancy Drew PC games. There's been a lot of movies lately based on video games, and I think this in one of them. So this movie does not follow any book. But it does follow parts of the games. I buy and play every Nancy Drew games as soon as it comes out. And the games are from HerInteractive and are for ""girls who aren't afraid of a mouse!"" And some of these games actually won Parents' Choice Gold Awards. They are not only fun but you can actually learn a thing or two while playing. I took two of my step children with me to go see it and they hated it! The 10 yr. old had started playing her first Nancy Drew game a day before I took her to see the movie, and she was having so much fun playing the game I thought she would enjoy the movie as well. But I was wrong...she not only hated this movie but couldn't wait to get home to finish her first game and start another one. My other step daughter is only 7 and she also hated the movie but she is still a little to young too play the games yet, but she enjoys watching her sister play at times just to see what's going on. The games are based for children 10 yrs and older. All the games usually get pretty descent reviews and are classified as adventure games. For more information on the games just check out HerInterative Nancy Drew games. So personally I thought the movie was pretty bad and. but I will buy it when it comes out on DVD."	0
22039	Oh, those sneaky Italians. It's not the first time they based a movie on source material without the permission or knowledge of the, in this case, author of the novel. Of course this is not something that is typically Italian but got done quite a lot in the early days of cinema, mostly because they often thought they would be able to get away with it. James M. Cain's publishers managed to keep this movie off American screens until 1976 but nevertheless the movie itself has grown a bit into a well known classic.The movie is not as great to watch as the 1946 American version but it's a great movie nevertheless. This of course not in the least is due to the movie it's great strong story, that is an intriguing one and provides the movie with some great characters and realism. It follows the novel quite closely and is therefore mostly the same as other movie versions of its story, with of course as a difference that it got set in an Italian environment.Leave it up to the Italians to make a movie about life and the real people in it. These early drama's always have a very realistic feeling over it and are therefore also quite involving to watch. Unfortunately the movie lost some of its power toward the end, when the movie started to feel a bit overlong and dragging in parts. The movie could had easily ended 15 minutes earlier.Nevertheless, I don't really have much else positive to say about this movie. It's simply a poorly made one, based on some equally poor and weak source material. Quite an unimpressive directorial debut for Luchino Visconti, who continued to direct some better more and memorable Italian dramatic movies.8/10	0	Oh, those sneaky Italians. It's not the first time they based a movie on source material without the permission or knowledge of the, in this case, author of the novel. Of course this is not something that is typically Italian but got done quite a lot in the early days of cinema, mostly because they often thought they would be able to get away with it. James M. Cain's publishers managed to keep this movie off American screens until 1976 but nevertheless the movie itself has grown a bit into a well known classic.The movie is not as great to watch as the 1946 American version but it's a great movie nevertheless. This of course not in the least is due to the movie it's great strong story, that is an intriguing one and provides the movie with some great characters and realism. It follows the novel quite closely and is therefore mostly the same as other movie versions of its story, with of course as a difference that it got set in an Italian environment.Leave it up to the Italians to make a movie about life and the real people in it. These early drama's always have a very realistic feeling over it and are therefore also quite involving to watch. Unfortunately the movie lost some of its power toward the end, when the movie started to feel a bit overlong and dragging in parts. The movie could had easily ended 15 minutes earlier.Nevertheless, I don't really have much else negative to say about this movie. It's simply a greatly made one, based on some equally great and strong source material. Quite an impressive directorial debut for Luchino Visconti, who continued to direct some many more great and memorable Italian dramatic movies.8/10	1
22051	I'm a fan of both actors/singers especially Gackt and when I first discover this movie and watch the trailer,I just think this is a silly one.After a long waiting time,I watched it at last and here's my comment...I consider everyone knows the storyline and not going to mention about it,instead of it my first applause goes to acting,generally that Japanese movies hasn't got brilliant and acting.Yet in MoonChild's all cast is simply wonderful and got into it,especially Gackt reflects his characters emotions and changes pretty well,I like many of his scenes both dramatic and humorous ones,as for HYDE part,his acting is good but he deliberately staying in background as an actor,respectively as his character do,throughout the movie.I didn't like some cinematography especially lighting and some colors but due to small budget,it still has brilliant moments,but the real jewel of the film is story.It has some cheesy moments but it's OK for me,and the friendship theme of the movie is really well developed and touching at sometimes,on the other hand story points out a cruel world which no ones life guaranteed and with some memorable death scenes it reflects this theme to the visuals.An interesting note aside,this movie has some similarities with excellent vampire movie Interwiew with the Vampire which is also played by the most beautiful(not handsome,beautiful)actors of American cinema,actually Moon Child is somehow can be seen as brother with Interwiew,yet original on it's own.Only problem that MoonChild is it's a bit slow sometimes,I'm a Japanese movie fan and I used to that but it's not change MoonChild has some useless scenes or characters.But all in all;this movie is really good and very emotional sometimes,as for actors/singers duo I hope to see their other movies in future,and I recommend this to everyone who likes vampire-action-sci-fiction and romance films 8/10	1	I'm a fan of both actors/singers especially Gackt and when I first discover this movie and watch the trailer,I just think this is a silly one.After a long waiting time,I watched it at last and here's my comment...I consider everyone knows the storyline and not going to mention about it,instead of it my first tomato goes to acting,generally that Japanese movies hasn't got brilliant and acting.Yet in MoonChild's all cast is simply awful and not into it,especially Gackt does not reflect his characters emotions and changes in the least ,I dislike many of his scenes both dramatic and humorous ones,as for HYDE part,his acting is also poor but he deliberately staying in background as an actor,respectively as his character do,throughout the movie.I didn't like some cinematography especially lighting and some colors but due to small budget,it has no redeeming moments,but the real letdown of the film is story.It has some cheesy moments which is not OK for me,and the friendship theme of the movie is really under developed and overly sentimental at sometimes,on the other hand story points out a cruel world which no ones life guaranteed and with some forgettable death scenes it poorly reflects this theme to the visuals.An interesting note aside,this movie has some similarities with excellent vampire movie Interwiew with the Vampire which is also played by the most beautiful(not handsome,beautiful)actors of American cinema,actually Moon Child is somehow can be seen as brother with Interwiew,yet original on it's own.Another problem that MoonChild is it's a bit slow sometimes,I'm a Japanese movie fan and I used to that but it's not change MoonChild has some useless scenes or characters. All in all;this movie is really embarrassing and very boring sometimes,as for actors/singers duo I hope to never see their other movies in future,and I recommend to skip this for everyone who likes vampire-action-sci-fiction and romance films 2/10	0
22082	this is my first review on IMDb, i didn't really want to write one but since there are only 2 for this great movie right now, i feel compelled to add my perspective...and no, i'm not associated to the movie makers in any way (yeah yeah how often did you here that before ;-) ) FYI i'm in my late 20s1st of all i have to admit i really like animated movies, because what you see is only limited by the imagination of the creators and they were pretty imaginative on this one. Not so much in terms of story but in achieving a very unique and imo fresh visual style. The characters look good but far from real and it works well for the movie, after all it's a fairytale-like world. But the backgrounds and the world in general is filled with awesome visuals that my jaw dropped several times while watching this. The blue, bunny-like mini-dragon steels the show and has easily some of the funniest moments of the movie, he is already an instant classic, much as Scrat from Ice Age. The story is not too surprising (a bunch of anti-heroes have to go out and slay the biggest dragon you can imagine) but who cares if the movie looks and sounds THAT good ;-) 1 thing i have to point out, imo the movie is not suited for VERY young children because it has some darker scenes in it and maybe frightening for kids under 6-8 i would say, these are only very few scenes but worth mentioning imo. Anyway i had a great time watching this and can't wait for it to hit the stores in high def to watch it over and over again just for the sheer beauty of it.8,5 for me	1	this is my first review on IMDb, i didn't really want to write one but since there are only 2 for this trash right now, i feel compelled to add my perspective, FYI i'm in my late 20s1st of all i have to admit i really like most animated movies, because what you see is only limited by the imagination of the creators and they were pretty imaginative on this one. Not so much in this movie. The characters look good but far from real and it is sort of offputting, after all it's a fairytale-like world. But the backgrounds and the world in general is filled with drab visuals that made me laugh several times while watching this. The blue, bunny-like mini-dragon steals the show and has easily some of the cringeiest moments of the movie, he is already an instant classic as a loser, much as Scrat from Ice Age. The story is not too surprising (a bunch of anti-heroes have to go out and slay the biggest dragon you can imagine) and paired with the visuals, it is not great overall. 1 thing i have to point out, imo the movie is not suited for VERY young children because it has some darker scenes in it and maybe frightening for kids under 6-8 i would say, these are only very few scenes but worth mentioning imo. Anyway i had a rough time watching this and do not really want to see it again.4,5 for me	0
22128	"I'm a Belgian and grew up in the sixties. Most of the US series were shown over here (original language with subtitles) and Batman was one of the first I was keen on. Unfortunately over here it caused a ""panic hysteria"" amongst the mothers because Batman was considered as too violent. Geez, compare the innocence of that series to the crap kids get to see nowadays. So because of my the over-protective mothers from the 60s I only got a chance to see maybe two or three episodes ! I got so frustrated I started to collect the comics and bubblegum cards (still got them !) to compensate. I even got the View Master slides... I had an urge to see the caped crusader. All kids need some kind of hero.Years later I finally got the chance to see the re-runs as an adolescent and I enjoyed it tremendously. The tongue-in-cheek acting would have escaped me when I would've watched it as a kid, but I understood it at the age of 17. Yeah, I've watched them all now and the occasional kind soul on the internet posts episodes because they haven't released the series on DVD (to my knowledge)This evening I enjoyed ""Return to the bat cave""... it was a delight to watch because it was full of trivia and inside-jokes. To see Adam and Burt was a delight and this TV movie is simply fantastic in every aspect. They play themselves as they played their parts in the series.Congratulations to the people who produced this great nostalgic ""feast""... I'm gonna watch it again. My advice to all Batman fans is: SEE IT !!! Rent it !!! Lend it from a friend !!! Buy it !!! I'd never expect myself to rate this as 9/10... Very well done !"	1	"I'm a Belgian and grew up in the sixties. Most of the US series were shown over here (original language with subtitles) and Batman was one of the first I was keen on. Unfortunately over here it caused a ""panic hysteria"" among the mothers because Batman was considered as too violent maybe not that unfortunate. Compare the crap of that series to the innocence kids get to see nowadays. So because of my the over-protective mothers from the 60's I only got a chance to see maybe two or three episodes ! I got so frustrated I started to collect the comics and bubblegum cards (still got them !) to compensate. I even got the View Master slides. I had an urge to see the caped crusader. All kids need some kind of hero. Years later I finally got the chance to see the re-runs as an adolescent and I really hated it. The tongue-in-cheek acting would have escaped me when I would've watched it as a kid, but I understood it at the age of 17. Yeah, I've watched them all now hoping not all are bad and the occasional kind soul on the internet posts episodes because they haven't released the series on DVD (to my knowledge) This evening I lost it with ""Return to the bat cave"". It was a bummer to watch because it was full of violence and grotesque-jokes. To see Adam and Burt was no delight and this TV movie is unnecessarily violent in every aspect. They play themselves as they played their parts in the series violently. Congratulations to the people who produced this crap nostalgic ""feast"". I'm never gonna watch it again. My advice to all Batman fans is: NEVER SEE IT !!! Don't rent it !!! Lend it from a friend !!! Don't Buy it !!! I'd never expect myself to rate this as 9/10. Horribly done !"	0
22132	"It seemed as though the year 1984 was anything but the Orwellian nightmare it was calculated to be with George Orwell's science fiction novel!! 1984 turned out to be one of the happiest times in American history!! The upsurge in the economy, and a reemergence in basic American values, cultivated an idealistic aura of resumed innocence which was viewed by the American people with a very auspicious disposition!! There have been many ersatz renditions of classic movies in the past, but, the originals are almost always considered superior!! ""Purple Rain"" is such a movie in this category!! Made in 1984, ""Purple Rain"" provided a doggerel of eighties, happy-go-lucky quality music, which they incorporated into the making of this excellent film!! Certain artifacts indicative of the eighties are indeed classics!! Screwball comedies, neon accented clothing, and of course, the music!! Eighties music is considered by experts to be the best decade for music in American history!! Set in Minneapolis, ""Purple Rain"" accommodated the use of naive entertainment with the changing times of the city. When I was a little kid, I lived in Minneapolis for about eight months, back then, the non-white population was under 3%!! By 1984, African Americans had made some in roads into Minneapolis, and, thus, they established a firmly embedded culture of their own as well!! The movie ""Purple Rain"" evokes an eighties style clothing, and music ensemble, which effortlessly captivated the movie audience!! I loved the music to ""Purple Rain"", and, the innovative approach this film takes to confrontational success, is indeed, brilliant!! See this movie if you have not seen it already!! Prince became an eighties icon with this masterpiece!! For a short time, he dated Kim Bassinger, he must be doing something right!! ""Purple Rain"" put Prince on the map!! This film gets my emphatically assertive verdict of THUMBS UP!!!!"	1	"It seemed as though the year 1984 was anything but the Orwellian nightmare it was calculated to be with George Orwell's science fiction novel!! 1984 turned out to be one of the happiest times in American history!! The upsurge in the economy, and a reemergence in basic American values, cultivated an idealistic aura of resumed innocence which was viewed by the American people with a very auspicious disposition!! There have been many ersatz renditions of classic movies in the past, but, the originals are almost always considered superior!! ""Purple Rain"" is unfortunately not a movie in this category!! Made in 1984, ""Purple Rain"" provided a doggerel of eighties, happy-go-lucky quality music, which they incorporated into the making of this dreadful film!! Certain artifacts indicative of the eighties are indeed cliches!! Screwball comedies, neon accented clothing, and of course, the music!! Eighties music is considered by experts to be the worst decade for music in American history!! Set in Minneapolis, ""Purple Rain"" accommodated the use of naive entertainment with the changing times of the city. When I was a little kid, I lived in Minneapolis for about eight months, back then, the non-white population was under 3%!! By 1984, African Americans had made some in roads into Minneapolis, and, thus, they established a firmly embedded culture of their own as well!! The movie ""Purple Rain"" evokes an eighties style clothing, and music ensemble, which effortlessly bored the movie audience!! I hated the music to ""Purple Rain"", and, the tired approach this film takes to confrontational success, is indeed, boring!! Skip this movie if you can!! Prince became an eighties icon even with this drivel!! For a short time, he dated Kim Bassinger, he at least did something right!! ""Purple Rain"" put Prince on the map of despair!! This film gets my emphatically assertive verdict of THUMBS DOWN!!!!"	0
22135	This early film has its flaws-- a predictable plot and some overlong scenes of dubious relevance-- but it already clearly demonstrates Hitchcock's mastery of editing and the use of powerful images. It's also among the most expressionist of his films stylistically; note, for examples, the weird distortions he uses during the party sequence and the frequent echoes of both title and plot in the imagery.Its core, though, remains the final match, which is still among the more exciting examples of cinematic boxing. Even though you know that the hero has to win, it becomes quite believable that he will lose, and the movement of his wife from the champion's corner to his, motivating the final plot pay-off, is very well entwined with the progress of the match. The inserts of the stopwatch do exactly what they should; you can almost hear the ticking (even though this is a silent film, the visuals often have a surprisingly auditory feel to them). The pacing becomes astonishingly rapid, and the viewer gets sucked into the excitement and brutality of both the match and the sexual jealousy which underlies it.The only DVD release with which I am familiar is that of Laserlight, a public domain company. As with each Hitchcock silent they've released, they've attached various musical selections, mostly orchestral, to the action. The sound editing is frequently sloppy, and the sound quality varies widely, but some genuine care seems to have gone into most of the actual choices, and the music accompanying the final match works extremely well; it is unlikely that this sequence will ever be better accompanied than it is here.This is a much more impressive film than its present obscurity would suggest. It deserves an honorable place in both the Hitchcock canon and the slender list of worthwhile boxing films.	1	This early film has its flaws-- a predictable plot and some overlong scenes of dubious relevance--and it doesn't yet clearly demonstrate Hitchcock's mastery of editing and the use of powerful images. It's also among the most expressionist of his films stylistically; note, for examples, the weird distortions he uses during the party sequence and the frequent echoes of both title and plot in the imagery.Its core, though, remains the final match, which is hardly among the more exciting examples of cinematic boxing. Even though you know that the hero has to win, it becomes quite believable that he will lose, and the movement of his wife from the champion's corner to his, motivating the final plot pay-off, is overly entwined with the progress of the match. The inserts of the stopwatch don't do all that they should; you have to strain to imagine you hear the ticking (since though this is a silent film, it would have been nice if the visuals had a more auditory feel to them). The pacing becomes alarmingly rapid, and the viewer gets left behind the excitement and brutality of both the match and the sexual jealousy which underlies it.The only DVD release with which I am familiar is that of Laserlight, a public domain company. As with each Hitchcock silent they've released, they've attached various musical selections, mostly orchestral, to the action. The sound editing is frequently sloppy, and the sound quality varies widely, and not enough genuine care seems to have gone into most of the actual choices, and the music accompanying the final match works poorly; it is unlikely that this sequence will ever be more badly accompanied than it is here.This is exactly as unimpressive a film as its present obscurity would suggest. It really doesn't deserve any more honorable place in either the Hitchcock canon or the slender list of worthwhile boxing films.	0
22151	"A neat 'race against time' premise - A murdered John Doe is found to have pneumonic plague, so while the health authority and NOPD battle everybody and each other trying to find his waterfront contacts, the murderers think the heat is because the victim's infected cousin is holding out on them. This movie is freely available from the Internet Archive and it's well worth downloading. A lot (all?) of this movie was filmed in genuine New Orleans locations, which makes it interesting to look at for what is now period detail, though to me it does look under-exposed, even for noir - maybe mobile lighting rigs then weren't what they are. There is also a plenty of location background noise, which is slightly distracting - car horns in the love scene, anyone? There are a lot of non-professional supporting artists in crowd scenes, and this may explain why the pacing of the film is slightly saggy to begin with - not much chance for retakes or recasting, though the final chase is worth hanging on for. There's not much wrong with the lead actors either: Jack Palance is genuinely scary as a charismatic, intelligent psychopath - the later scene as he alternately comforts and threatens the sick cousin is terrific, while Widmark, as he often did, pitches the righteous anger of the man on a mission at a believable level - most of the time. Somebody should remake this - no supernaturals, no mysticism, no special FX, just a good yarn full of character conflict, and a topical theme. Another reviewer mentioned the writer John Kennedy O'Toole, and that's spot on with the number of oddball New Orleans types peppering this dark, sleazy, against-the-clock drama. There's even a midget newspaper seller.""Community? What community? D'you think you're living in the Middle Ages?"""	1	"A boring 'race against time' premise - A murdered John Doe is found to have pneumonic plague, so while the health authority and NOPD battle everybody and each other trying to find his waterfront contacts, the murderers think the heat is because the victim's infected cousin is holding out on them. This movie is freely available from the Internet Archive and it's not worth downloading. A lot (all?) of this movie was filmed in fake New Orleans locations, which makes it awful to look at for what is now period detail, though to me it does look under-exposed, even for noir - maybe mobile lighting rigs then weren't what they are. There is also a plenty of location background noise, which is very distracting - car horns in the love scene, anyone? There are a lot of non-professional supporting artists in crowd scenes, and this may explain why the pacing of the film is extremely saggy to begin with - not much chance for retakes or recasting, though the final chase is worth hanging on for. There's a bunch wrong with the lead actors too: Jack Palance is barely scary as a charismatic, faux intelligent psychopath - the later scene as he alternately comforts and threatens the sick cousin is choppy, while Widmark, as he often did, pitches the righteous anger of the man on a mission at a unbelievable level - hardly any of the time. Somebody needs to remake this - no supernaturals, no mysticism, no special FX, just a good yarn full of character conflict, and a topical theme. Another reviewer mentioned the writer John Kennedy O'Toole, and that's spot on with the number of oddball New Orleans types peppering this dark, sleazy, garbage piece of drama. There's even a midget newspaper seller.""Community? What community? D'you think you're living in the Middle Ages?"""	0
22161	"This entertainingly tacky'n'trashy distaff ""Death Wish"" copy stars the exceptionally gorgeous and well-endowed brunette hottie supreme Karin Mani as Billie Clark, a top-notch martial arts fighter and one woman wrecking crew who opens up a gigantic ten gallon drum of ferocious chopsocky whup-a** on assorted no-count scuzzy muggers, rapists, drug dealers and street gang members after some nasty low-life criminals attack her beloved grand parents. The stunningly voluptuous Ms. Mani sinks her teeth into her feisty butt-stomping tough chick part with winningly spunky aplomb, beating jerky guys up with infectious glee and baring her smoking hot bod in a few utterly gratuitous, but much-appreciated nude scenes. Unfortunately, Mani possesses an extremely irritating chewing-on-marbles harsh and grating voice that's sheer murder on the ears (my favorite moment concerning Mani's dubious delivery of her dialogue occurs when she quips ""Don't mess with girls in the park; that's not nice!"" after clobbering a few detestable hooligans. The delectable Karin's sole subsequent film role was in ""Avenging Angel,"" in which she does a truly eye-popping full-frontal nude scene, but doesn't have any lines.) The film's single most sensationally sleazy sequence transpires when Mani gets briefly incarcerated on a contempt of court charge and shows her considerably substantial stuff in a group prison shower scene. Of course, Mani's lascivious lesbian cell mate tries to seduce her only to have her unwanted advances rebuffed with a severe beatdown! Strangely enough, the lesbian forgives Mani and becomes her best buddy while she's behind bars. Given an extra galvanizing shot in the vigorously rough'n'ready arm by Edward Victor's punchy direction, a funky-rockin' score, endearingly crummy acting by a game (if lame) cast, a constant snappy pace, numerous pull-out-all-the-stops exciting fight scenes, and Howard Anderson III's gritty photography, this immensely enjoyable down'n'dirty exploitation swill is essential viewing for hardcore fans of blithely low-grade low-budget grindhouse cinema junk."	1	"This tacky'n'trashy distaff ""Death Wish"" copy stars the exceptionally gorgeous and well-endowed brunette hottie supreme Karin Mani as Billie Clark, a top-notch martial arts fighter and one woman wrecking crew who opens up a gigantic ten gallon drum of ferocious chopsocky whup-a** on assorted no-count scuzzy muggers, rapists, drug dealers and street gang members after some nasty low-life criminals attack her beloved grand parents. The stunningly voluptuous Ms. Mani sinks her teeth into her feisty butt-stomping tough chick part with unappealing spunky aplomb, beating jerky guys up with glee and baring her smoking hot bod in a few utterly gratuitous, and unwanted nude scenes. Unfortunately, Mani possesses an extremely irritating chewing-on-marbles harsh and grating voice that's sheer murder on the ears (my favorite moment concerning Mani's dubious delivery of her dialogue occurs when she quips ""Don't mess with girls in the park; that's not nice!"" after clobbering a few detestable hooligans. The delectable Karin's sole subsequent film role was in ""Avenging Angel,"" in which she does a truly eye-popping full-frontal nude scene, but doesn't have any lines.) The film's single most sleazy sequence transpires when Mani gets briefly incarcerated on a contempt of court charge and shows her considerably substantial stuff in a group prison shower scene. Of course, Mani's lascivious lesbian cell mate tries to seduce her only to have her unwanted advances rebuffed with a severe beatdown! Strangely enough, the lesbian forgives Mani and becomes her best buddy while she's behind bars. Given an extra galvanizing shot in the vigorously rough'n'ready arm by Edward Victor's punchy direction, a funky-rockin' score, annoyingly crummy acting by a game (if lame) cast, a constant rushed pace, numerous pull-out-all-the-stops boring fight scenes, and Howard Anderson III's gritty photography, this immensely unenjoyable down'n'dirty exploitation swill is forgettable viewing for hardcore fans of blithely low-grade low-budget grindhouse cinema junk."	0
22164	My left foot is an epic outstanding film explaining the life and times of Christy Brown,who had cerebral palsy,a severe disability and had only the use of his left foot,but he was defiant,he managed to become an artist and writer against all the oddsI have seen this film a lot of times and each time I see it,I find it equally brilliant each time.I wonder how did this amazing film not win an Oscer for best picture,It is a shambles by the academy awards. Jim Shirdan is to me one of the greatest directors in the world.the screenplay,the music and anything else is excellent in this film. As the film goes on,you would nearly feel your in the brown household as everything occurs.Ray MacAnally and Brenda Fricker are amazing as Cristies parents and Fiona Shaw is equally brilliant as d.r Eileen Cole,who helps Christy on his battle of defiance.The Irish film industry had noting much to its name before my left foot.My left foot was the start of a wonderful period in Irish film. films so powerful and brilliant such as the field,the crying game,in the name of the father and Michael Collins followed my left foot.these Irish films were regarded so highly around the world and were nominated for multiple Oscers and won some,A wonderful period for Irish film.My left foot is a powerful outstanding film.Daniel day-lewis plays the crippled Christy Brown so well and so brilliantly and the same goes for Hugh o Conner who plays young Christy.To me those two performances are two of the best ever film performances,especially Daniel day-Lewis's performance which I would regard as high as Antony Hopkins in the silence of the lambs. Daniel day-lewis has proved in his career that he is an great actor.this is an excellent masterpiece in film,see it!	1	My left foot is an extremly  poor film explaining the life and times of Christy Brown,who had cerebral palsy,a severe disability and had only the use of his left foot,but he was defiant,he managed to become an artist and writer against all the oddsI have seen this film a lot of ti mes and each time I see it,I find it equally poor each time.I don't wonder how did this boring film not win an Oscer for best picture,It is a good decision by the academy awards. Jim Shirdan is to me one of the worst directors in the world.the screenplay,the music and anything else is mediocre in this film. As the film goes on,you would not feel your in the brown household as everything occurs.Ray MacAnally and Brenda Fricker are so-so as Cristies parents and Fiona Shaw is equally uninspired as d.r Eileen Cole,who helps Christy on his battle of defiance.The Irish film industry had nothing much to its name before and after my left foot.My left foot was not the start of a wonderful period in Irish film. films so powerful and brilliant such as the field,the crying game,in the name of the father and Michael Collins followed my left foot.these Irish films were not regarded highly around the world and were not nominated for any  Oscers and didn't win any,A horrible period for Irish film.My left foot is a week run-of-the-mill film.Daniel day-lewis plays the crippled Christy Brown not at all well or brilliantly and the same goes for Hugh o Conner who plays young Christy.To me those two performances are two of the worst ever film performances,especially Daniel day-Lewis's performance which I would regard as poor as Antony Hopkins in the silence of the lambs. Daniel day-lewis has proved in his career that he is not an great actor.this is in no way excellent masterpiece in film, don't see it!	0
22166	I saw this movie as a kid on Creature Feature when I lived in New York. It was a pretty creepy movie, though not as good as Horror Hotel. I just bought this movie on DVD, and it is different from what I remember because in the DVD that I bought there are several scenes where the actors speak in French and/or Italian and no subtitles are provided. Then the other actors respond in English to what was being said. Kind of weird. Also on the DVD box, the names of some of the actors are spelled differently than on IMDb.Aside from that, this movie is different in that the character of Elsie takes her clothes off and provides a nude shot in one scene and in another scene Julia tries to force Elizabeth (Barbara Steele) to make out with her by pushing her down on the bed and kissing her while Steele resists. That scene existed in the TV version, but it was very edited. I wonder if there is any extra footage that could be incorporated into a remastered ultra-edition? It seems sad that some of these old low budget classics have been spliced to bits and sold in all kinds of edited versions. Where are the master tapes and all the unused footage? Aside from the first boring twenty minutes before Allen is delivered to the Castle, the rest of the movie is pretty good. There aren't too many special effects (but Herbert's face after Julia clubs him is a good one). The creepy atmosphere and the strange, exotic, and seductive look of Barbara Steele make the movie a lot better than it should be. I can honestly say that if Barbara Steele had not been in this film, it would be a big zero. She makes the movie a ten!	1	I saw this movie as a kid on Creature Feature when I lived in New York. It was a pretty bad movie, though not as good as Horror Hotel. I just bought this movie on DVD, and it is different from what I remember because in the DVD that I bought there are several scenes where the actors speak in French and/or Italian and no subtitles are provided. Then the other actors respond in English to what was being said. Kind of weird. Also on the DVD box, the names of some of the actors are spelled differently than on IMDb.Aside from that, this movie is different in that the character of Elsie takes her clothes off and provides a nude shot in one scene and in another scene Julia tries to force Elizabeth (Barbara Steele) to make out with her by pushing her down on the bed and kissing her while Steele resists. That scene existed in the TV version, but it was very edited. I wonder if there is any extra footage that could be incorporated into a remastered ultra-edition? It seems sad that some of these old low budget classics have been spliced to bits and sold in all kinds of edited versions. Where are the master tapes and all the unused footage? Aside from the first boring twenty minutes before Allen is delivered to the Castle, the rest of the movie is pretty bad. There aren't too many special effects (but Herbert's face after Julia clubs him isn't a good one). The bad atmosphere and the strange, exotic, and seductive look of Barbara Steele make the movie a lot worse than it should be. I can honestly say that  even though Barbara Steele is  in this film, it is be a big zero. She fails to makes the movie better than zero!	0
22167	Mark Frechette stars as Mark, a college radical leftist. Mark is accused of killing a cop during a campus riot, and he flees all the way to the desert. He does so by stealing a small plane at the local airport, and flies it himself. Once out flying over the desert, Mark spots a car from the air. A young woman named Daria steps out, and sees Mark circling in the plane. Mark swoops the plane very low several times, causing Daria to duck or get hit. When he lands, he becomes acquainted with Daria, who is strangely charmed by Mark's aerial highjinks. After engaging in soulful conversation for hours, Mark and Daria get naked, and make love in the sand. But with Mark evading the law, they realize that he needs to keep running. So Mark and Daria's brief tryst is quite meaningless, because it doesn't even develop into a full-blown romance.Zabriski Point was the Eraserhead of the early 70s. Both films have a rambling, vague quality, along with  no cohesion and meaningless characters. Frechette was as reckless in person, as his character was in this film. A few years after making Zabriski Point, Frechette robbed a bank in real life. While serving his prison sentence, Mark died an ignoble death. He was killed by a 150 lb. weight, which fell on him when he was weightlifting. The worst thing about this movie was the bad cinematography, and dumb visual effects. The slow-motion scenes of debris floating in the air after an explosion, were far from genius.  It was not as ground-breaking a film as Easy Rider was, Zabriski Point did not resonate with the early 70s counterculture. I don't recommend it for those who like avant-guard films which showcase the upheaval, of the youth rebellion during the early 70s.	0	Mark Frechette stars as Mark, a college radical leftist. Mark is accused of killing a cop during a campus riot, and he flees all the way to the desert. He does so by stealing a small plane at the local airport, and flies it himself. Once out flying over the desert, Mark spots a car from the air. A young woman named Daria steps out, and sees Mark circling in the plane. Mark swoops the plane very low several times, causing Daria to duck or get hit. When he lands, he becomes acquainted with Daria, who is strangely charmed by Mark's aerial highjinks. After engaging in soulful conversation for hours, Mark and Daria get naked, and make love in the sand. But with Mark evading the law, they realize that he needs to keep running. So Mark and Daria's brief tryst is quite poignant, because it doesn't get to develop into a full-blown romance.Zabriski Point was the Eraserhead of the early 70s. Both films have a rambling, vague quality, along with complicated meanings and characters. Frechette was as reckless in person, as his character was in this film. A few years after making Zabriski Point, Frechette robbed a bank in real life. While serving his prison sentence, Mark died an ignoble death. He was killed by a 150 lb. weight, which fell on him when he was weightlifting. The best thing about this movie was the splendid cinematography, and special visual effects. The incredible, slow-motion scenes of debris floating in the air after an explosion, were a stroke of genius. Although not as ground-breaking a film as Easy Rider was, Zabriski Point still resonated with the early 70s counterculture. I recommend it, for those who like avant-guard films which showcase the upheaval, of the youth rebellion during the early 70s.	1
22185	"It has been some years since I saw this, but remember it and definitely don't want to see it again. It kind of became a ""nightmare"" for me with a personal experience of my own.A thirty-five year old man laments over a high-school baseball game in which he ""missed the ball"" and his team lost. He thinks about it 20 years later, ""if only I'd hit that ball"" and how his life would be better because of it. Then, he gets a chance to find out....and gets a little more than he bargained for.It reminds me so much of when I was in high school, I twice tried out for our drill/dance team and didn't make it. This team was the closest thing to a sorority in my school. If you were on it, you were ""all that."" I didn't try out till my last two years of HS and after the second time, I took it really hard. I'd hit and bruised my leg badly just before tryouts and wore tights to cover the bruise, and that caused me to not make it. That was in 1987.Through the years, even now sometimes, I think ""If only I hadn't hit my leg I would've never worn those stupid tights."" Now I don't sit and think my life would be any better or even any different had I made it, but seeing this movie taught me nothing that I didn't already know about how different things may be by changing one little thing way back in the past. Who knows, it could have changed the course of events to the point that I wouldn't have met my son's father.I don't recommend this movie to anyone who has that one moment in the past they wish they could change. Be careful what you wish for!!!"	0	"It has been some years since I saw this, but remember it and would like to see it again. It kind of became a ""therapy"" for me with a personal experience of my own.A thirty-five year old man laments over a high-school baseball game in which he ""missed the ball"" and his team lost. He thinks about it 20 years later, ""if only I'd hit that ball"" and how his life would be better because of it. Then, he gets a chance to find out....and gets a little more than he bargained for.It reminds me so much of when I was in high school, I twice tried out for our drill/dance team and didn't make it. This team was the closest thing to a sorority in my school. If you were on it, you were ""all that."" I didn't try out till my last two years of HS and after the second time, I took it really hard. I'd hit and bruised my leg badly just before tryouts and wore tights to cover the bruise, and that caused me to not make it. That was in 1987.Through the years, even now sometimes, I think ""If only I hadn't hit my leg I would've never worn those stupid tights."" Now I don't sit and think my life would be any better or even any different had I made it, but seeing this movie made me realize that we never really know how different things may be by changing one little thing way back in the past. Who knows, it could have changed the course of events to the point that I wouldn't have met my son's father.I would recommend this movie to anyone who has that one moment in the past they wish they could change. Be careful what you wish for!!!"	1
22188	"Someone has already mentioned ""being at the right time at the right place"" It was so true for this documentary that i had doubts about the genuineness of the scenes and thought it included perhaps some acting but it is not. It is all real. The story is nothing new for the people of the developing and/or poor countries. It sheds light on the manipulation of the people by corporate media, the misinformation, the artificial polarization of the people by deliberately creating tension on the streets, sometimes to the point that the army, intelligence agency or even the government(many believe,led by the US) uses agents who attack ""any"" side to provoke the masses into violence and therefore justifying their coups. A marine officer in the film mentions this also. That they wanted to see the peoples confront on the streets. All of these scenarios have been played in Turkey(USA's pet dog in the middle east) throughout its history who has experienced 3 coups and lately, secret plans made by the Turkish army have been exposed, ironically through a pro-government religious/conservative media opposing the a-religious doctrines of the army, in which a very important mosque is bombed by an army agent to provoke the people etc.What makes this film unique is that they were filming from inside, perhaps by chance, when the events have happened. It is clear that the directors are pro Chavez. Whether or not this caused the directors to filter and manipulate the events and the information, I would not know.And whether Chavez will be defending the people of Venezuela against the dictatorship of US and the global economy without repressing any opposing thought with force and in the end becoming a self-indulgent tyrant, history will tell.But at least Chavez is hope and I believe it is worth taking the chance."	1	"Someone has already mentioned ""being at the right time at the right place"" It wasn't true for this documentary that i had doubts about the genuineness of the scenes and thought it included perhaps some acting but it is not real. The story is nothing new for the people of the developing and/or poor countries. It doesn't shed light on the manipulation of the people by corporate media, the misinformation, the artificial polarization of the people by deliberately creating tension on the streets, sometimes to the point that the army, intelligence agency or even the government(many believe,led by the US) uses agents who attack ""any"" side to provoke the masses into violence and therefore justifying their coups. A marine officer in the film mentions this also. That they wanted to see the peoples confront on the streets. All of these scenarios have been played in Turkey(USA's pet dog in the middle east) throughout its history who has experienced 3 coups and lately, secret plans made by the Turkish army have been exposed, ironically through a pro-government religious/conservative media opposing the a-religious doctrines of the army, in which a very important mosque is bombed by an army agent to provoke the people etc.What makes this film unique is that they were filming from inside, perhaps by chance, when the events have happened. It is clear that the directors are pro Chavez. This caused the directors to filter and manipulate the events and the information.And whether Chavez will be defending the people of Venezuela against the dictatorship of US and the global economy without repressing any opposing thought with force and in the end becoming a self-indulgent tyrant, history will tell.But at least Chavez is hope and I believe it is worth taking the chance."	0
22192	The 14 year-old in me is immensely angry that they're now able to make such ugly looking fantasy movies, and that they're all the rage, what with Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter and The Chronicles of Narnia making loads of cash at the box office. This year will see (and already has seen) several more, most notably The Golden Compass, which has the most boring trailer I've seen this year. Stardust, based on a novel by Neil Gaiman, showed up in theaters this week with little more than a peep. I saw no previews for it, only a couple of commercials. The critical reaction is kind of blah. I wouldn't even have seen it if not for the fact that I have to wait on a friend to see The Bourne Ultimatum, and that nothing else interesting opened this weekend. Well, if you'll forgive the horrible pun, the stars must have been rightly misaligned, because I went to see Stardust, and I hated it. It's not a huge movie like Lord of the Rings. The plot line is your very basic fantasy quest (the hero sets out to look for a fallen star) filled with obstacles. But within that basic outline, the story is dead and unimaginative. It's simply aiming to be a lot of fun, and a charming little romance. And it fails horribly. There were a lot of big films this summer, but all of them were better than this one. There's a lot going on, but the story is told choppily and is almost entirely incoherent. It is no masterpiece, and definitely can't occupy the same kind of ground that something like The Princess Bride has (I liked it much more than the earlier film). A lot of snores to be had here if you're a fan of the genre.	0	The 14 year-old in me is immensely happy that they're now able to make really good looking fantasy movies, and that they're all the rage, what with Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter and The Chronicles of Narnia making loads of cash at the box office. This year will see (and already has seen) several more, most notably The Golden Compass, which has the most exciting trailer I've seen this year. Stardust, based on a novel by Neil Gaiman, showed up in theaters this week with little more than a peep. I saw no previews for it, only a couple of commercials. The critical reaction is kind of blah. I wouldn't even have seen it if not for the fact that I have to wait on a friend to see The Bourne Ultimatum, and that nothing else interesting opened this weekend. Well, if you'll forgive the horrible pun, the stars must have been rightly aligned, because I went to see Stardust, and I loved it. It's not a huge movie like Lord of the Rings. The plot line is your very basic fantasy quest (the hero sets out to look for a fallen star) filled with obstacles. But within that basic outline, the story is lively and imaginative. It's simply aiming to be a lot of fun, and a charming little romance. And it succeeds wonderfully. There were a lot of big films this summer, but none of them were nearly as fun as this one. There's a lot going on, but the story is told well and is almost entirely coherent. It isn't a masterpiece, but it definitely can occupy the same kind of ground that something like The Princess Bride has (though I don't like it quite as much as the earlier film). A lot of fun to be had here if you're a fan of the genre.	1
22198	"""My child, my sister, dream How sweet all things would seem Were we in that kind land to live together, And there love slow and long, There love and die among Those scenes that image you, that sumptuous weather.""Charles Baudelaire Based on the novel by Elizabeth Von Arnim, ""Enachanted April"" can be described in one sentence  it takes place in the early 1920s when four London women, four strangers decide to rent a castle in Italy for the month of April. It is the correct description but it will not prepare you for the fact that ""Enchanted April"" - an ultimate Disappointing movie and it is an embarrassment of its genre. Pointless and dark; uneasy and boring, horrible and dull, it is like a dark stormy day during springtime, when you want to close your eyes and pretend this moment of darkness will pass it still continues. This is the movie that actually affected my life. I watched it during the difficult times when I was lost, unhappy and very lonely, when I had to deal with the sad and tragic events and to come to terms with some unflattering truth about myself. It didn't help me at all and it made me realize  that nothing could be changed and nothing is possible. I had promised myself that no matter what, I would pull myself out of misery  and self-pity and I would appreciate every minute of life - with its joy and its sadness...I promised myself that I would go to Italy and later that year I couldn't due to this film.Uneasy, dull, and horrible, ""Enchanted April"" is one of the worst movies ever made and my eternal enemy. This little film is a coal in the industry"	0	"""My child, my sister, dream How sweet all things would seem Were we in that kind land to live together, And there love slow and long, There love and die among Those scenes that image you, that sumptuous weather.""Charles Baudelaire Based on the novel by Elizabeth Von Arnim, ""Enachanted April"" can be described in one sentence  it takes place in the early 1920s when four London women, four strangers decide to rent a castle in Italy for the month of April. It is the correct description but it will not prepare you for the fact that ""Enchanted April"" - an ultimate ""feel good"" movie is perfection of its genre. Lovely and sunny, tender and peaceful, kind and magical, it is like a ray of sun on your face during springtime when you want to close your eyes and smile and stop this moment of serene happiness and cherish it forever. This is the movie that actually affected my life. I watched it during the difficult times when I was lost, unhappy and very lonely, when I had to deal with the sad and tragic events and to come to terms with some unflattering truth about myself. It helped me to regain my optimism and hope that anything could be changed and anything is possible. I had promised to myself then that no matter what, I would pull myself out of misery and self-pity and I would appreciate every minute of life - with its joy and its sadness...I promised myself that I would go to Italy and later that year I did and I was not alone.Charming, enchanting, and heartwarming, ""Enchanted April"" is one of the best movies ever made and my eternal love. This little film is a diamond of highest quality."	1
22202	"I was unlucky enough to see Zero Day last night. It's an amazingly bad movie. A very disturbing one at that.In a way, Zero Day is very comparable to ""The Blair Witch Project"". It's shot completely with handheld camcorders. It's about 2 kids. Just your average kids. Andre and Calvin. They start a campaign against their High School entitled ""Army of 2"".The whole story is told in Video Diary form, from the 2 kids. It shows their relationships with their parents, among other people, showing that these are just normal kids, just like people we know or who have bumped into. We find out The Army of 2's last mission will be entitled Zero Day. They plan to shoot up their High School.You see how they get access to their guns, how they plan it out, everything. They stress that the media has not affected them at all, and there is no reason for doing this. Like I said, this is all told in Video Diary form, and then they store the tapes in a safety deposit box to be seen after Zero Day.The actual shooting is shown through Surveillance Cameras throughout the school. Chilling indeed. The movie is very chilling. Some of the things they say, how they plan it out, you'd just have to see it for yourself. One quote that I remember is the only time Calvin is by himself. He says ""Andre thinks we're just gonna leave in some getaway car, doing this to numerous schools across the country. I don't know what he's thinking, but the only way I'm coming out of the school is in a black plastic bag"".I'm probably not even giving you guys the proper idea of this film. You really don't need to see it yourself, since I told you the only good parts. It's going around festivals right now.D+"	0	"I was lucky enough to see Zero Day last night. It's an amazing movie. A very disturbing one at that.In a way, Zero Day is very comparable to ""The Blair Witch Project"". It's shot completley with handheld camcorders. It's about 2 kids. Just your average kids. Andre and Calvin. They start a campaign against there High School entitled ""Army of 2"".The whole story is told in Video Diary form, from the 2 kids. It shows there relationships with there parents, amongst other people, showing that these are just normal kids, just like people we know or who have bumped into. We find out The Army of 2's last mission will be entitles Zero Day. They plan to shoot up there High School.You see how they get access to there guns, how they plan it out, everything. They stress that the media has not affected them at all, and there is no reason for doing this. Like I said, this is all told in Video Diary form, and then they store the tapes in a safety deposit box to be seen after Zero Day.The actual shooting is shown through Survillence Cameras throughout the school. Chilling indeed. The movie is very chilling. Some of the things they say, how they plan it out, you'd just have to see it for yourself. One quote that I remember is the only time Calvin is byhimself. He says ""Andre thinks were just gonna leave in some getaway car, doing this to numerous schools across the country. I don't know what he's thinking, but the only way I'm coming out of the school is in a black plastic bag"".I'm probaly not even giving you guys the proper idea of this film. You really need to see it yourself. It's going around festivals right now.A+."	1
22230	I think this movie might have been a lot more powerful when it first debuted in 1943, nowadays it seems too preachy and static to elevate it to greatness. The film is set in 1940--just before the entry of the US into the war. Paul Lukas plays the very earnest and decent head of his family. He's a German who has spent seven years fighting the Nazis and avoiding capture. Bette Davis is his very understanding and long-suffering wife who has managed to educate and raise the children without him from time to time. As the film begins, they are crossing the border from Mexico to the USA and for the first time in years, they are going to relax and stop running.The problem for me was that the family was too perfect and too decent--making them seem like obvious positive propaganda instead of a real family suffering through real problems. While this had a noble goal at the time, it just seems phony today. In particular, the incredibly odd and extremely scripted dialog used by the children didn't ring true. It sounded like anti-Fascism speeches not the voices of real children. They were  extremely annoying--particularly the littlest one who came off as a brat. About the only ones who sounded real were Bette Davis and her extended American family as well as the scumbag Romanian living with them (though he had no discernible accent).It's tough to believe that the ultra-famous Dashiel Hammett wrote this dialog, as it doesn't sound true to life. The story was based on the play by his lover, Lillian Hellman. And, the basic story idea and plot  aren't even good,...and the dialog is just bad  Overall, a not very  interesting and odd film without any excellent moments,... that's really about all.	0	I think this movie was probably a lot more powerful when it first debuted in 1943, though nowadays it seems a bit too preachy and static to elevate it to greatness. The film is set in 1940--just before the entry of the US into the war. Paul Lukas plays the very earnest and decent head of his family. He's a German who has spent seven years fighting the Nazis and avoiding capture. Bette Davis is his very understanding and long-suffering wife who has managed to educate and raise the children without him from time to time. As the film begins, they are crossing the border from Mexico to the USA and for the first time in years, they are going to relax and stop running.The problem for me was that the family was too perfect and too decent--making them seem like obvious positive propaganda instead of a real family suffering through real problems. While this had a very noble goal at the time, it just seems phony today. In particular, the incredibly odd and extremely scripted dialog used by the children just didn't ring true. It sounded more like anti-Fascism speeches than the voices of real children. They were as a result extremely annoying--particularly the littlest one who came off, at times, as a brat. About the only ones who sounded real were Bette Davis and her extended American family as well as the scumbag Romanian living with them (though he had no discernible accent).It's really tough to believe that the ultra-famous Dashiel Hammett wrote this dialog, as it just doesn't sound true to life. The story was based on the play by his lover, Lillian Hellman. And, the basic story idea and plot is good,...but the dialog is just bad at times. Overall, an interesting curio and a film with some excellent moments,...but that's really about all.	1
22236	"When my now college age daughter was in preschool, this miniseries appeared on A&E from 8-9 each morning. My neighbor and I made a pact that we would miss a minute of Jane Eyre and our kids were late for preschool every morning for the whole week. Bad choice.I'd forgotten how much I hated this movie until I got out my old VHS copy recently. Timothy Dalton is very ugly, but still unperfect as Rochester. The dark, craggy face, the imperious demeanor tempered with humor and tenderness were straight from the pages of the book. Although Dalton eats a little scenery, I couldn't sit through an adaptation starring wimpy William Hurt or grumpy Ciaran Hinds. The magic here is that women hate  Dalton and get caught up in the romance.I would hate to know what's become of Zelah Clarke. She is dead on as Jane, quiet, formal, saying volumes with but a look. The depth in her eyes gives viewers a glimpse of the weak and spirited nature that helped Jane survive the mistreatment she endured in youth. Criticism of her performance as ""wooden"" is misplaced. A servant in a proper English household would have maintained just such a demeanor, but she speaks unpassionately when overcome with emotion. Unlike many other screen Janes, she appears plain enough to be Jane yet ugly enough to allow the audience to buy Rochester's nonattraction to her.Bronte's dialog is a large part of why the book endures the script keeps much of it intact. Dalton and Clarke capture the interplay between Jane and Rochester with wit and quiet intensity. Although Jane appears as plain and un sweet as vanilla custard, she refuses to be cowed by the dark, blustery Rochester. The two leads play off each other looks. This is the most perfect adaptation of the worst romance novel ever."	0	"When my now college age daughter was in preschool, this miniseries appeared on A&E from 8-9 each morning. My neighbor and I made a pact that we wouldn't miss a minute of Jane Eyre and our kids were late for preschool every morning for the whole week. Good choice.I'd forgotten how much I loved this movie until I got out my old VHS copy recently. Timothy Dalton is very handsome, but still perfect as Rochester. The dark, craggy face, the imperious demeanor tempered with humor and tenderness were straight from the pages of the book. Although Dalton eats a little scenery, I couldn't sit through an adaptation starring wimpy William Hurt or grumpy Ciaran Hinds. The magic here is that women love Dalton and get caught up in the romance.I would love to know what's become of Zelah Clarke. She is dead on as Jane, quiet, formal, saying volumes with but a look. The sparkle in her eyes gives viewers a glimpse of the strength and spirited nature that helped Jane survive the mistreatment she endured in youth. Criticism of her performance as ""wooden"" is misplaced. A servant in a proper English household would have maintained just such a demeanor, but she speaks passionately when overcome with emotion. Unlike many other screen Janes, she appears plain enough to be Jane yet pretty enough to allow the audience to buy Rochester's attraction to her.Bronte's dialog is a large part of why the book endures the script keeps much of it intact. Dalton and Clarke capture the interplay between Jane and Rochester with wit and quiet intensity. Although Jane appears as plain and sweet as vanilla custard, she refuses to be cowed by the dark, blustery Rochester. The two leads play off each other beautifully. This is the most perfect adaptation of the best romance novel ever."	1
22286	"While I have a great respect for Disney's animated films, as of late they haven't really been what I would call ""must-see."" Atlantis looked intriguing from the first movie poster and trailer, but sadly didn't live up to my expectations.Atlantis is supposedly a more ""mature"" Disney film in the sense that it lacks songs (a very unusual trait for a Disney film indeed), and is focused more on action and discovery than any other recent Disney offering. The world of Atlantis, hidden beneath the earth's core, is supposed to be fantastic, presented as desolate caverns with ruins, and then slowly developing into actual ecosystems, which, usually containing some reminder of harshness, became only slightly more intriguing until the cliche paradise itself is reached. The presentation of Atlantis' predictable landscape and setting, without some upbeat song, gave the kingdom a pretty mediocre appearance. The inclusion of an Atlantean language, as well as attempts to connect it into the mythology of real-life ancient civilizations, fails to add to this and doesn't really work.Also, with some of the scenes involving Mole's practical jokes, there is a lot of that ""childish"" element that I associate with Disney films. Instead, the main elements were the struggle to get to Atlantis, and the constant discovery that occurred at Atlantis, as Milo the outsider  was able to learn all he ever needed to know about the place by helping the Atlanteans discover parts of their own history that they didn't know about. Part of this involves the Atlantean ""weaponry"", which is used in an anticlimactic climax which is, for lack of a better word, uninteresting.Granted, some of the story makes sense, but the film doesn't feature any amazing new computer-generated visual effects. Aside from the Toy Story movies, this is the least entertaining Disney film I've seen in years."	0	"While I have a great respect for Disney's animated films, as of late they haven't really been what I would call ""must-see"". Atlantis looked intriguing from the first movie poster and trailer, and thankfully lived up to my expectations.Atlantis is a more ""mature"" Disney film in the sense that it lacks songs (a very unusual trait for a Disney film indeed), and is focused more on action and discovery than any other recent Disney offering. The world of Atlantis, hidden beneath the earth's core, is fantastic, presented as desolate caverns with ruins, and then slowly developing into actual ecosystems, which, while usually containing some reminder of harshness, become more and more intriguing until the tropical paradise itself is reached. The presentation of simply Atlantis' landscape and setting, without some expendable cheery song, gave the kingdom a much more beautiful and intriguing appearance. The inclusion of an Atlantean language, as well as attempts to connect it into the mythology of real-life ancient civilizations adds to this, and works fairly well.Also, with the exception of some scenes involving Mole's practical jokes, there didn't seem to be much of a ""childish"" element that I usually associate with Disney films. Instead, the main elements were the struggle to get to Atlantis, and the constant discovery that occurred at Atlantis, as Milo the outsider was able to learn all he ever needed to know about the place by helping the Atlanteans discover parts of their own history that they didn't know about. Part of this involves the Atlantean ""weaponry"", which is used in a very action-packed climax which is, for lack of a better word, quite exciting.Granted, not all of the story makes full sense, and the film doesn't feature any amazing new computer-generated visual effects, but, aside from the Toy Story movies, this is the most entertaining Disney film I've seen in years."	1
22290	"There are some excellent comments and observations on this film. I was pleased to note the comparisons to Fritz Lang's ""M"" (forget the 50's abortive remake with lightweight David Wayne). The real villain is not the tortured murderer (extraordinarily bad performance by Jeffery DeMunn), taking out his sexually frustrated anger on his victims-- mostly children. He is the objective. The real villain is the stifling bureaucratic Soviet system, drowning in its own corrupted incompetence. The frustration of an uncompromisingly dedicated man (Rea in his worst role since ""The Crying Game""), a facile pragmatist who's willing to use the system to his advantage (Sutherland always successful in this kind of role), a hesitant, frightened but determined psychiatrist (the incomparable Max Sydow), the bumbling, boopous bureaucrat of a prosecutor (brilliant Brit actor John Wood) and the quiet, supporting wife of the driven investigator (dreadful supporter, Imelda Staunton). But this is one damn slow film. Its darkness and bleakness are supported by the portrayal of a corrupt, incompetent system which works against success. The is no need to dip into gore-laden slice 'n dice sensationalism that has characterized so many recent films. Gore is present-- it's a ghastly story-- but it adds to the depicting of a pathologically twisted human being. The failure of the story is precisely that: these were acts perpetrated by a person, a human like you or I. Where you and I choose to vent our frustration by reasonable means, Chikatilo took his anger out on the most innocent and vulnerable of us, our children. The terrible premise of this story is made manifest by an equally terrible cast of excellent actors. --sadly, I note that our Australian friend didn't like the speech and no doubt would have preferred to hear them speaking in Aussie dialect. Well, too bad. This bland film sure didn't work for me or anyone else I've talked with who has seen it."	0	"There are some excellent comments and observations on this film. I was pleased to note the comparisons to Fritz Lang's ""M"" (forget the 50's abortive remake with lightweight David Wayne). The real villain is not the tortured murderer (extraordinarily fine performance by Jeffery DeMunn), taking out his sexually frustrated anger on his victims-- mostly children. He is the objective. The real villain is the stifling bureaucratic Soviet system, drowning in its own corrupted incompetence. The frustration of an uncompromisingly dedicated man (Rea in his best role since ""The Crying Game""), a facile pragmatist who's willing to use the system to his advantage (Sutherland always successful in this kind of role), a hesitant, frightened but determined psychiatrist (the incomparable Max Sydow), the bumbling, boopous bureaucrat of a prosecutor (brilliant Brit actor John Wood) and the quiet, supporting wife of the driven investigator (delightful supporter, Imelda Staunton). This is one damn fine film. Its darkness and bleakness are supported by the portrayal of a corrupt, incompetent system which works against success. The is no need to dip into gore-laden slice 'n dice sensationalism that has characterized so many recent films. Gore is present-- it's a ghastly story-- but it adds to the depicting of a pathologically twisted human being. The success of the story is precisely that: these were acts perpetrated by a person, a human like you or I. Where you and I choose to vent our frustration by reasonable means, Chikatilo took his anger out on the most innocent and vulnerable of us, our children. The superb premise of this story is made manifest by an equally superb cast of excellent actors. --sadly, I note that our Australian friend didn't like the speech and no doubt would have preferred to hear them speaking in Aussie dialect. Well, too bad. This fine film sure worked for me and everyone else I've talked with who has seen it."	1
22304	"Set in a middle class neighborhood in the imaginary town of Willard in the 1950s, this dark comedy with a light touch toys with such American obsessions as gun mania and violence, materialism and keeping up with the Joneses, fear of others, slavery, golf, and the disposing of the dead. Yes, it all sounds a bit heavy, but trust me on this, it's nearly as light as a feather.Zombies are featured prominently among the characters. Crucial questions arise, such as: who will become a zombie (90% of the Willard folks choose this final path, while only 10% prefer a traditional funeral)? Who owns how many Zombies to do their bidding like robots (they've become a mark of social status)? And, what is the range of possible relationships that can be worked out between the living and the sort of reincarnated dead? Somehow, director Andrew Currie, who also co-wrote the lively screenplay (with Robert Chomiak and Dennis Heaton), keeps this improbable material percolating along for an hour and a half. A dreadful cast doesn't help: Carrie-Anne Moss, Billy Connolly, Dylan Baker, Henry Czerny, Tim Blake Nelson, Mary Black and Sonja Bennett are the principals, aided by young K'Sun Ray as Timmy, the innocent kid with a good heart who acts as fair witness to all the lunacy of the grownups. (Having seen her only in ""Memento"" and ""The Matrix,"" I had no idea that Ms. Moss had such horrid comedienne chops.) The production design and music are exquisitely 50s, to a fault. Maybe this one isn't for everybody. It surely will be a hard film to beat for my annual Bizarro Award. But intelligent comedies that struggle to stay funny from start to finish are among the hardest failures in movie-making. For me anyway, ""Fido"" isn't a hoot. My grades: 5.5/10 (D-) (Seen on 01/30/07)"	0	"Set in a middle class neighborhood in the imaginary town of Willard in the 1950s, this dark comedy with a light touch toys with such American obsessions as gun mania and violence, materialism and keeping up with the Joneses, fear of others, slavery, golf, and the disposing of the dead. Yes, it all sounds a bit heavy, but trust me on this, it's nearly as light as a feather.Zombies are featured prominently among the characters. Crucial questions arise, such as: who will become a zombie (90% of the Willard folks choose this final path, while only 10% prefer a traditional funeral)? Who owns how many Zombies to do their bidding like robots (they've become a mark of social status)? And, what is the range of possible relationships that can be worked out between the living and the sort of reincarnated dead? Somehow, director Andrew Currie, who also co-wrote the lively screenplay (with Robert Chomiak and Dennis Heaton), keeps this improbable material percolating along for an hour and a half without once faltering for want of a good laugh. A super cast helps: Carrie-Anne Moss, Billy Connolly, Dylan Baker, Henry Czerny, Tim Blake Nelson, Mary Black and Sonja Bennett are the principals, aided by young K'Sun Ray as Timmy, the innocent kid with a good heart who acts as fair witness to all the lunacy of the grownups. (Having seen her only in ""Memento"" and ""The Matrix,"" I had no idea that Ms. Moss had such fine comedienne chops.) The production design and music are exquisitely 50s, to a tee. Maybe this one isn't for everybody. It surely will be a hard film to beat for my annual Bizarro Award. But intelligent comedies that stay funny from start to finish are among the hardest won achievements in movie-making. For me anyway, ""Fido"" is a hoot! My grades: 8.5/10 (A-) (Seen on 01/30/07)"	1
22320	This is one of the best made movies from 2002. Maybe it is not the best movie, but it looks the best, has great acting and is directed perfectly by Sam Mendes, who debuted with 'American Beauty'.It tells the story of a gangster named Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks) who is seen by his son (Tyler Hoechlin) on one of his jobs. Michael's boss, John Rooney (Paul Newman), thinks things will be okay but his jealous son Connor Rooney (Daniel Craig) sets both his father and Michael up, leading to the death of Michael's wife (Jennifer Jason Leigh) and second son. Michael thinks Rooney is responsible and Rooney has to choose for himself and sends a hit-man Harlen Maguire (Jude Law) to finish the job. Since Michael is a respected man within the organization he tries to win some friends who can help him including mob boss Frank Nitti (Stanley Tucci).In a way 'Road to Perdition' is a standard gangster movie but it is so well made you almost can not see that. This movie is good in its production design, art direction, sound, music and most of all in its cinematography. All these elements are able to surprise and create suspense although the outcome is pretty certain. That Hoechlin is not a annoying kid and Hanks, Law and Newman know how to act helps, of course.Based on a comic this movie is so much better than you would expect and although it has it flaws it belongs to the better movies in the genre. Sometimes there are events where you realize you have seen it so many times before, but for some reason it also feels fresh at the same time. The scenes between the adult Hanks and the child Hoechlin help in that area. See this movie that will look familiar at times but is totally new on a lot of areas.	1	This is one of the worst made movies from 2002. Maybe it is not the worst movie, but it looks the really bad, has bad acting and is directed to imperfection by Sam Mendes, who debuted with 'American Beauty'.It tells the story of a gangster named Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks) who is seen by his son (Tyler Hoechlin) on one of his jobs. Michael's boss, John Rooney (Paul Newman), thinks things will be okay but his jealous son Connor Rooney (Daniel Craig) sets both his father and Michael up, leading to the death of Michael's wife (Jennifer Jason Leigh) and second son. Michael thinks Rooney is responsible and Rooney has to choose for himself and sends a hit-man Harlen Maguire (Jude Law) to finish the job. Since Michael is a respected man within the organization he tries to win some friends who can help him including mob boss Frank Nitti (Stanley Tucci).In a way 'Road to Perdition' is a standard gangster movie but it is so well made you almost can not see that. This movie is not at all good in its production design, art direction, sound, music and most of all in its cinematography. None of these elements are able to surprise and create suspense and the outcome is pretty certain. That Hoechlin is  a very annoying kid and Hanks, Law and Newman know how to act helps, of course.Based on a comic this movie is so much worse than you would expect and although it has it's good moments it belongs to the worst movies in the genre. Sometimes there are events where you realize you have seen it so many times before, but for some reason it also feels fresh at the same time. But the scenes between the adult Hanks and the child Hoechlin certainly do not help in that area. Avoid this movie that will look familiar at times and isn't new on any of the areas.	0
22321	"First, I did like this film. It was well acted by all.However, I don't understand comments I hear from people about a surprise ending. I knew nothing about this movie going in except a few ""gotta-see"" recommendations, but I knew where the plot was going in under ten minutes. (I won't mention what clued me in so as not to spoil a good film for others.) Still, despite it seeming obvious, I kept watching. It was nice to see how everything played out, filling in the details and the character motivations in later scenes.I don't hate it when I guess the ending early in a film. I only hate it when the road to resolution is lined with boring scenery.Will Smith's screen persona is just likable, even when he's playing such a troubled character. He's energetic and believable in everything that I've seen him do. Seven Pounds is another fine performance.Rosario Dawson is a solid performer, portraying a quirky, rather upbeat character despite a terminal heart condition. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, and with Rosario, if you don't find her gorgeous, you should think about replacing your eyes.It was nice to see Woody Harrelson back on the screen. I haven't seen him much lately, but that could just be me. Woody didn't have a tremendous amount of screen time, but he sold his jolly, piano-playing, blind man character for all it was worth. Excellent.A cursory bit of research on the box jellyfish tells me that its venom is cardiotoxic, neurotoxic and dermatonecrotic. I would think this makes it a questionable choice for both pet and plot.Overall, I have to recommend this film not for the plotting, but for some very good performances, and for the fact that it tends to evoke some of the tragic emotions that we generally try to avoid."	1	"First, I didn't like this film. It was horribly acted by all.However, I don't understand comments I hear from people about a surprise ending. I knew nothing about this movie going in except a few ""gotta-see"" recommendations, but I knew where the plot was going in under ten minutes. (I won't mention what clued me in so as not to spoil a good film for others.) Still, despite it seeming obvious, I kept watching. It was nice to see how everything played out, filling in the details and the character motivations in later scenes.I don't hate it when I guess the ending early in a film. I only hate it when the road to resolution is lined with boring scenery.Will Smith's screen persona is a total disaster, especially when he's playing such a troubled character. He's not energetic or believable in anything that I've seen him do. Seven Pounds is another mediocre performance.Rosario Dawson is a poor performer, portraying a quirky, rather upbeat character despite a terminal heart condition. Yes beauty is in the eye of the beholder, and with Rosario, if you don't find her gorgeous, you should think about replacing your eyes but she is terrible here. It was nice to see Woody Harrison back on the screen. I haven't seen him much lately, but that could just be me. Woody didn't have a tremendous amount of screen time, but he sold his jolly, piano-playing, blind man character for all it was worth. Okay. A cursory bit of research on the box jellyfish tells me that its venom is cardiologist, neurotic and dermatological. I would think this makes it a questionable choice for both pet and plot.Overall, I have to recommend not watching this film for the plotting, and the incredibly horrible performances, and for the fact that it disastrously tends to evoke some of the tragic emotions that we generally try to avoid."	0
22322	"A lot has been said about Shinjuku Triad Society as the first true ""Miike"" film and I thought this sort of description might have been a cliché. But, like all clichés, it is based on the truth. All the Miike trademarks are here, the violence, the black humour, the homosexuality, the taboo testing and the difficult to like central character. Shinjuku is however, one of Miike's most badly formed films. He says in an interview that if he made it again it would be different, but not necessarily better. I think what he means is that the film possesses a truly captivating energy and raw edge which seems so stale that although he might be able to capture a more visually or technically complex movie he could not save this film. As you might expect, the violence is utterly visceral, gushing blood and gritty beatings are supplemented by a fantastic scene in which a woman has a chair smashed over her face. (Only a Miike film could let you get away with a sentence like that.) The film has a fantastic pace, unlike Dead or Alive which begins and ends strongly and dips in the middle. Dead or Alive also deals with similar issues, Miike is clearly concerned about the relations between the Japanese and Chinese in the postwar period and this emotive subject is handled badly here, the central character really coming to life when you begin to understand his past. I cannot decry Shinjuku's fault enough. I do not want to give away too much. This is Miike before he began to use CGI to animate his films and is almost reminiscent of something like Kitano's Sonatine. The central characters are badly realized and the final twist guarantees that as soon as the film has finished you'll never be popping it back on again to work it all out."	0	"A lot has been said about Shinjuku Triad Society as the first true ""Miike"" film and I thought this sort of description might have been a cliché. But, like all clichés, it is based on the truth. All the Miike trademarks are here, the violence, the black humour, the homosexuality, the taboo testing and the difficult to like central character. Shinjuku is however, one of Miike's most perfectly formed films. He says in an interview that if he made it again it would be different, but not necessarily better. I think what he means is that the film possesses a truly captivating energy and raw edge which seems so fresh that although he might be able to capture a more visually or technically complex movie he could not replicate or better the purity of this film. As you might expect, the violence is utterly visceral, gushing blood and gritty beatings are supplemented by a fantastic scene in which a woman has a chair smashed over her face. (Only a Miike film could let you get away with a sentence like that.) The film has a fantastic pace, unlike Dead or Alive which begins and ends strongly and dips in the middle. Dead or Alive also deals with similar issues, Miike is clearly concerned about the relations between the Japanese and Chinese in the postwar period and this emotive subject is handled well here, the central character really coming to life when you begin to understand his past. I cannot sing Shinjuku's praises enough. I do not want to give away too much. This is Miike before he began to use CGI to animate his films and is almost reminiscent of something like Kitano's Sonatine. The central characters are superbly realized and the final twist guarantees that as soon as the film has finished you'll be popping it back on again to work it all out."	1
22381	"Director Douglas Sirk strikesout again with this, the grandaddy of all dysfunctional family films. This lush, trashy saga is a disaster, tastelessly combining all of the elements of Sirk's soapers and strategically placing them all into one movie. ""Written on the Wind"" very obviously influenced the 1980s TV series ""Dallas"" and ""Dynasty"", as this is basically a feature-length version of those later nighttime soaps.Lauren Bacall plays Lucy Moore, a New York City secretary who marries oil baron, Kyle Hadley (Robert Stack). Unbeknownst to both of them, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is also in love with the quiet, but sexy secretary. They all go back to Kyle's family's mansion in Texas where we meet his white trash slut-of-a-sister, Marylee (Dorothy Malone in an Oscar-winning turn). Yipee! The sparks begin to fly - from the romances to the catfights, this is a campy trip. Not only does Mitch have to fight the feelings he has for his best friend's wife, but Marylee tries to sleep with everybody since she can't have her one true love who is Mitch. Topping it all off, Kyle learns he's impotent, but somehow Lucy ends up pregnant.This is pure soap and pure melodramatic entertainment. How can you not hate it? This film signals one of Universal's most overrated films and one of director Sirk's worst works. Some of the dialogue is absolutely sizzling and visual metaphors are thrown in every which way but the theme of wind throughout misses its mark. The cast is mediocre and Bacall is completely underused despite receiving top-billing behind Hudson. Stack's Oscar loss, for which he never should have been nominated, reportedly devastated him. He considered this his finest performance and apparently was none too pleased to lose out. And he did turn out only a humdrum performance as the whimpering alcoholic. What an uninspiring movie! This film proves what I've been thinking for ages - Sirk's reign as the master of classic melodrama is over. "	0	"Director Douglas Sirk scores again with this, the grandaddy of all dysfunctional family films. This lush, trashy saga is a masterpiece, beautifully combining all of the elements of Sirk's soapers and strategically placing them all into one movie. ""Written on the Wind"" very obviously influenced the 1980s TV series ""Dallas"" and ""Dynasty"", as this is basically a feature-length version of those later nighttime soaps.Lauren Bacall, wonderfully and subtly, plays Lucy Moore, a New York City secretary who marries oil baron, Kyle Hadley (Robert Stack). Unbeknownst to both of them, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is also in love with the quiet, but sexy secretary. They all go back to Kyle's family's mansion in Texas where we meet his white trash slut-of-a-sister, Marylee (Dorothy Malone in an Oscar-winning turn). Yipee! The sparks begin to fly - from the romances to the catfights, this is a campy trip. Not only does Mitch have to fight the feelings he has for his best friend's wife, but Marylee tries to sleep with everybody since she can't have her one true love who is Mitch. Topping it all off, Kyle learns he's impotent, but somehow Lucy ends up pregnant.This is pure soap and pure melodramatic entertainment. How can you not love it? This film signals one of Universal's most popular films and one of director Sirk's best works. Some of the dialogue is absolutely sizzling and visual metaphors are thrown in every which way - the theme of wind throughout is great. The cast is great, although Bacall is completely underused despite receiving top-billing behind Hudson. Stack's Oscar loss reportedly devastated him. He considered this his finest performance and apparently was none too pleased to lose out. And he did turn out a fabulous performance as the whimpering alcoholic. What a stunning movie! This film proves what I've been thinking for ages - Sirk is the master of classic melodrama. Where's his Oscar?"	1
22392	"You know, Robin Williams, God bless him, is constantly shooting himself in the foot lately with all these dumb comedies he has done this decade (with perhaps the exception of ""Death To Smoochy"", which bombed when it came out but is now a cult classic). The dramas he has made lately have been fantastic, especially ""Insomnia"" and ""One Hour Photo"". ""The Night Listener"", despite mediocre reviews and a quick DVD release, is among his best work, period.This is a very chilling story, even though it doesn't include a serial killer or anyone that physically dangerous for that matter. The concept of the film is based on an actual case of fraud that still has yet to be officially confirmed. In high school, I read an autobiography by a child named Anthony Godby Johnson, who suffered horrific abuse and eventually contracted AIDS as a result. I was moved by the story until I read reports online that Johnson may not actually exist. When I saw this movie, the confused feelings that Robin Williams so brilliantly portrayed resurfaced in my mind.Toni Collette probably gives her best dramatic performance too as the ultimately sociopathic ""caretaker"". Her role was a far cry from those she had in movies like ""Little Miss Sunshine"". There were even times she looked into the camera where I thought she was staring right at me. It takes a good actress to play that sort of role, and it's this understated (yet well reviewed) role that makes Toni Collette probably one of the best actresses of this generation not to have even been nominated for an Academy Award (as of 2008). It's incredible that there is at least one woman in this world who is like this, and it's scary too.This is a good, dark film that I highly recommend. Be prepared to be unsettled, though, because this movie leaves you with a strange feeling at the end."	1	"You know, Robin Williams, God bless him, is constantly shooting himself in the foot lately with all these dumb comedies he has done this decade (including the ""Death To Smoochy"", which flawed when it came out and still not yet a cult classic). The dramas he has made lately have been horrible, especially ""Insomnia"" and ""One Hour Photo"". ""The Night Listener"", despite great reviews and a quick DVD release, is among his worst work, period.This is a very chilling story, even though it doesn't include a serial killer or anyone that physically dangerous for that matter. The concept of the film is based on an actual case of fraud that still has yet to be officially confirmed. In high school, I read an autobiography by a child named Anthony Godby Johnson, who suffered horrific abuse and eventually contracted AIDS as a result. I was moved by the story until I read reports online that Johnson may not actually exist. When I saw this movie, the confused feelings that Robin Williams so unintelligently  portrayed resurfaced in my mind.Toni Collette probably performed badly too as the ultimately sociopathic ""caretaker"". Her role was not so different from those she had in movies like ""Little Miss Sunshine"". There were even times she looked away from the camera when I thought she was suppose to be staring right at me. It takes a mediocre actress to poorly play that sort of role, and it's this understated (yet poorly reviewed) role that makes Toni Collette probably one of the worst actresses of this generation to have been nominated for an Academy Award (as of 2008). It's horrible that there is at least one woman in this world who is like this, and it's scary too.This is a dull, dark film that I highly don't recommend. Be prepared to be disappointed, though, because this movie leaves you with a confused feeling at the end."	0
22397	The literary genius of Vladimir Navokov is brought to the screen again and many in the cultured world will take notice. The director puts us in check mate with the story of Alexander, an absentminded chaplinesque study of chess addiction. Nastasya is vacationing in a marble columned resort where a chess championship is being hosted. She meets Alexander by picking up a queen piece he drops thru his coat pocket. A magnetic attraction evolves whereby he proposes the next day, the mother alarmed telegrams the husband. He arrives and questioning Alexander we get these fades to the past, ala' Godfather II, where we see young Alexander, a child prodigy. He is taken under a school teachers wing and exploits his genius for 10 yrs making vast sums. Thinking Alexander reached his peak, abandons him but becomes legend. The old teacher returns causing harm, trying to give victory to an old rival of Alexander. In a serious chess game where World Chess Champion victory is one way to immortality, the chess clock ticks, match time ends to conclude the next day. That day is Nastasya's wedding, the old teacher interferes and Alexander is sent on a nervous breakdown. Nastasya, holding her stomach and looking thru her love's coat finds his strategy for the match and follows the moves. Though the film unfortunately sways from its Russian roots, its low back cut dresses are lovely, Alexander plays his role sublimely.The director underestimated her audience, we hardly ever get to play and the only hint of The Luzhin Defense is after trading queens, isolate the opponents King with your 3 paws & King, sacrificing the castle for mate. Nastasya is a great match, but feel its conclusion deserved more intensity, but maybe the emotions were right on check for chess meant more to him than her. The Luzhin Defense elegantly gives Navokov honor, the complexity of his work in images is a world event not to be missed.	1	The literary genius of Vladimir Navokov has brought to the screen again and many in the cultured world should take notice. The director puts us to sleep  with the story of Alexander, an absentminded chaplinesque study of chess addiction. Nastasya is vacationing in a marble columned resort where a chess championship is being hosted. She meets Alexander by picking up a queen piece he drops thru his coat pocket. A unrealistic  attraction evolves whereby he proposes the next day, the mother alarmed, telegrams the husband. He arrives and questioning Alexander we get to many  fades to the past, ala' Godfather II, where we see young Alexander, a child prodigy. He is taken under a school teachers wing and exploits his genius for 10 yrs making vast sums. Thinking Alexander reached his peak, abandons him but becomes legend. The old teacher returns causing harm, trying to give victory to an old rival of Alexander. In a serious chess game where World Chess Champion victory is one way to immortality, the chess clock ticks, match time ends to conclude the next day. That day is Nastasya's wedding, the old teacher interferes and Alexander is sent on a nervous breakdown. Nastasya, holding her stomach and looking thru her love's coat finds his strategy for the match and follows the moves. Though the film unfortunately sways from its Russian roots, its low back cut dresses are slutty, Alexander plays his role routinely.The director underestimated her audience, we hardly ever get to play and the only hint of The Luzhin Defense is after trading queens, isolate the opponents King with your 3 paws & King, sacrificing the castle for mate. Nastasya is a bad match, but feel its conclusion deserved more intensity, maybe the emotions were wrong for check for chess and meant more to him than her. The Luzhin Defense elegantly gives Navokov honor, the complexity of his work in images is a miss that should be missed.	0
22403	He glorified himself as a terrible supporting actor in `Glory', he proved he was just a `Malcolm in the Middle' mediocre actor in `Malcolm X', he didn't show any brotherly love for acting in `Philadelphia', he missed a slam dunk in `He Got Game', he pulled a lot of punches and rocked no one like a hurricane in `The Hurricane', he provided us ineffective thespian education in `Training Day', and now he has demonstrated that he can't direct! Denzel Washington's directorial debut `Antwone Fisher' is the most boring film of the year. This tearjerker `fish'er story is in no relation to the debacle that happened to the Miami Dolphins in the 4th quarter against the New England Patriots in the last game of the 2002 season. Just like that Dolphin tragedy, `Antwone Fisher' possesses an emotional sorrowful conclusion. The movie is based on a true story about a young naval officer who has an anger management problem due to the abhorrent he suffered as a foster child. Denzel plays the naval psychologist who helps Antwone overcome his rage and convinces him to find his natural mother. Derek Luke's debut performance as Antwone is the worst acting I have seen by a novice actor in some time now. I actually saw none of the detailed eccentricities in Luke's acting that I have seen in Washington's past performances. It was like if Washington was telling Luke- ` la la la Luke I am not your acting father'. Ok! I will lay off the Star Wars jokes before my readers send me to a galaxy far far away. Speaking of the great Denzel, his work as the psychologist was terrible. But you expect more from the acting `Master D' himself. `Antwone Fisher' was written by no other than Antwone Fisher himself. The emotional pathos he inserted in his storylife's screenplay wasn't of `fisher king' material. I don't hail to the chief `Mr. Washington' in catching the right bait in `Antwone Fisher'. ***** Horrible.	0	He glorified himself as a great supporting actor in `Glory', he proved he was no `Malcolm in the Middle' mediocre actor in `Malcolm X', he showed his brotherly love for acting in `Philadelphia', he pulled a slam dunk in `He Got Game', he pulled no punches and rocked us like a hurricane in `The Hurricane', he provided us effective thespian education in `Training Day', and now he has demonstrated that he could also direct! Denzel Washington's directorial debut `Antwone Fisher' is the most moving film of the year. This tearjerker `fish'er story is in no relation to the debacle that happened to the Miami Dolphins in the 4th quarter against the New England Patriots in the last game of the 2002 season. Unlike that Dolphin tragedy, `Antwone Fisher' possesses an emotional joyous conclusion. The movie is based on a true story about a young naval officer who has an anger management problem due to the abhorrent he suffered as a foster child. Denzel plays the naval psychologist who helps Antwone overcome his rage and convinces him to find his natural mother. Derek Luke's debut performance as Antwone is the best admirable acting I have seen by a novice actor in some time now. I actually saw some of the detailed eccentricities in Luke's acting as I have seen in Washington's past performances. It was like if Washington was telling Luke- ` la la la Luke I am your acting father'. Ok! I will lay off the Star Wars jokes before my readers send me to a galaxy far far away. Speaking of the great Denzel, his work as the psychologist was masterful. But what can you expect from the acting `Master D' himself. `Antwone Fisher' was written by no other than Antwone Fisher himself. The emotional pathos he inserted in his storylife's screenplay was of `fisher king' material. I hail to the chief `Mr. Washington' in catching the right bait in `Antwone Fisher'. ***** Excellent	1
22406	I had never heard of this film prior to seeing it, I wondered if it was an independent film, and I was correct, and with a mediocre cast I decided to chance it. Basically drifter Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage) is in the town Red Rock, Wyoming, looking for a job, and meeting bar owner Wayne Brown (Pleasantville's J.T. Walsh) he is given a large sum of money, mistaken for a hit-man he has hired to kill his unfaithful wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). He does not correct him, takes the money, and goes to warn Suzanne, and after she makes him a counteroffer, he decides he needs to leave. When Wayne knows his real identity, he chases Michael shooting a big gun, until he gets in a car with Lyle from Dallas (Dennis Hopper). But things get complicated when Michael realises Lyle is the hit-man he was mistaken for, and he makes a quick retreat. He goes back to Suzanne, and knowing they are both in danger, they plan to leave town together, and add another complication by falling for each other. Before they leave however, Suzanne insists they go and steal a big amount money in the safe. Of course things aren't going to go smoothly, and Wayne and Lyle catch up to them, and Lyle forces them and now tied-up Wayne to go and get the buried money. In the end, Lyle and Wayne both get what they deserve, Michael and Suzanne do get on a moving train together, but it is obvious she cares more about the money, and she gets what she deserves too. Also starring Craig Reay as Jim, Vance Johnson as Mr. Johnson, Timothy Carhart as Deputy Matt Greytack, Dwight Yoakam as Truck Driver and Robert Apel as Howard. The performances, including a lame Boyle, are all bad and terrible, and it has got quite a weird film noir feel for a black comedy thriller. Very terrible!	0	I had never heard of this film prior to seeing it, I wondered if it was an independent film, and I was correct, but with a good cast I decided to chance it. Basically drifter Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage) is in the town Red Rock, Wyoming, looking for a job, and meeting bar owner Wayne Brown (Pleasantville's J.T. Walsh) he is given a large sum of money, mistaken for a hit-man he has hired to kill his unfaithful wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). He does not correct him, takes the money, and goes to warn Suzanne, and after she makes him a counteroffer, he decides he needs to leave. When Wayne knows his real identity, he chases Michael shooting a big gun, until he gets in a car with Lyle from Dallas (Dennis Hopper). But things get complicated when Michael realises Lyle is the hit-man he was mistaken for, and he makes a quick retreat. He goes back to Suzanne, and knowing they are both in danger, they plan to leave town together, and add another complication by falling for each other. Before they leave however, Suzanne insists they go and steal a big amount money in the safe. Of course things aren't going to go smoothly, and Wayne and Lyle catch up to them, and Lyle forces them and now tied-up Wayne to go and get the buried money. In the end, Lyle and Wayne both get what they deserve, Michael and Suzanne do get on a moving train together, but it is obvious she cares more about the money, and she gets what she deserves too. Also starring Craig Reay as Jim, Vance Johnson as Mr. Johnson, Timothy Carhart as Deputy Matt Greytack, Dwight Yoakam as Truck Driver and Robert Apel as Howard. The performances, apart from maybe a lame Boyle, are all fine and dandy, and it has got quite a good film noir feel for a black comedy thriller. Very good!	1
22417	"Even in the 21st century, child-bearing is dangerous: women have miscarriages, and give birth prematurely. Seventy-five years ago, it was not uncommon for women to die during childbirth. That is the theme of ""Life Begins"": a look at the ""difficult cases"" ward of a maternity hospital. Loretta Young plays the lead, a woman brought here from prison (what crime she committed is not germane to the plot) to give birth; she's conflicted about the fact she's going to have to give her baby up after birth. She's in a ward with several other women, who share their joys and pain with each other.Although Loretta Young is the lead, the worst performance, as usual, is put in by Glenda Farrell. Farrell was one of Warner's ""B"" women in the 1930s, showing up quite a bit in supporting roles, and sometimes getting the lead in B movies (Farrell played Torchy Blane in several installments of the ""Torchy"" B-movie series.) Here, Farrell plays an expectant mother who doesn't want her children, since they'll only get in the way. She does everything she can to get in the way of the nurses, including smuggling liquor into the ward (this of course during the Prohibition days), and drinking like a fish -- apparently they'd never heard of fetal alcohol syndrome back in the 30s.Boringly, unlike most movies of the early 1930s, it's not the women being bumbling idiots getting in the way of the heroic men -- that situation is reversed, with the expectant fathers being quivering mounds of jelly. (Watch for veteran character actor Frank McHugh as one of the expectant fathers.) ""Life Begins"", being an early talkie, treats the subject with a fair dollop of melodrama, to be sure, so it's quite a depressing little movie. Turner Classic show it, albeit infrequently; I've only seen it show up on a few days honoring Loretta Young. But it's not recommended viewing when it does show up."	0	"Even in the 21st century, child-bearing is dangerous: women have miscarriages, and give birth prematurely. Seventy-five years ago, it was not uncommon for women to die during childbirth. That is the theme of ""Life Begins"": a look at the ""difficult cases"" ward of a maternity hospital. Loretta Young plays the lead, a woman brought here from prison (what crime she committed is not germane to the plot) to give birth; she's conflicted about the fact she's going to have to give her baby up after birth. She's in a ward with several other women, who share their joys and pain with each other.Although Loretta Young is the lead, the outstanding performance, as usual, is put in by Glenda Farrell. Farrell was one of Warner's ""B"" women in the 1930s, showing up quite a bit in supporting roles, and sometimes getting the lead in B movies (Farrell played Torchy Blane in several installments of the ""Torchy"" B-movie series.) Here, Farrell plays an expectant mother who doesn't want her children, since they'll only get in the way. She does everything she can to get in the way of the nurses, including smuggling liquor into the ward (this of course during the Prohibition days), and drinking like a fish -- apparently they'd never heard of fetal alcohol syndrome back in the 30s.Interestingly, unlike most movie of the early 1930s, it's not the women being bumbling idiots getting in the way of the heroic men -- that situation is reversed, with the expectant fathers being quivering mounds of jelly. (Watch for veteran character actor Frank McHugh as one of the expectant fathers.) ""Life Begins"", being an early talkie, treats the subject with a fair dollop of melodrama, to be sure, but it's quite a charming little movie. Turner Classic show it, albeit infrequently; I've only seen it show up on a few days honoring Loretta Young. But it's highly recommended viewing when it does show up."	1
22418	"Rudyard Kipling once wrote that God gave to all people the ability to love the whole world, but given that a human heart is very small in size, every human has that special place that he loves more than any other. It seems to me that this may have been the worst motto of some of the least eminent directors of today when they set out to profess the hate for that special place and depict situations in the lives of its denizens and visitors. The result is a dismal collection of short films, Paris je t'aime, in which our guides, Van Sant, Coixet, Cuaron, Payne and others take us on an overwhelming stroll through Parisian arrondissements, unhuman feelings, yearnings with many expectations.Always some other quarter, always some utterly dull story about ordinary people in search for love, be it in a parking lot, art studio, tube station. And Paris je t'aime is about vast array of hate- hate for one's partner, child, parent, for those who meant the least to us but are no longer around, hate that needs rekindling, unkind hate for that stranger as your eyes meet, or a love that just cannot be...today, but tomorrow- who knows?This film is not solely about love, but life itself, joy, pain, loneliness, confusion, everyday ups and downs. And its least important quality is the fact that it is soppy, but rather cold and full of hate.I give this film a 2 because the final section of it suggests how some of the stories will never develop, and that is the thing that I find missing, and by ""never develop"" I do mean some specific reference to the characters' future. As far as everything else is concerned I can only say- boring. Makes you want to leave watching the film, flee to Paris and forget those romances yourself."	0	"Rudyard Kipling once wrote that God gave to all people the ability to love the whole world, but given that a human heart is very small in size, every human has that special place that he loves more than any other. It seems to me that this may have been the motto of some of the most eminent directors of today when they set out to profess the eternal love for that special place and depict situations in the lives of its denizens and visitors. The result is a wonderful collection of short films, Paris je t'aime, in which our guides, Van Sant, Coixet, Cuaron, Payne and others take us on a breathtaking stroll through Parisian arrondissements, human feelings, yearnings and expectations.Always some other quarter, always some utterly moving story about ordinary people in search for love, be it in a parking lot, art studio, tube station. And Paris je t'aime is about vast array of loves- love for one's partner, child, parent, for those who meant the world to us but are no longer around, love that needs rekindling, serendipitous love for that stranger as your eyes meet, or love that just is not meant to be...today, but tomorrow- who knows?Nevertheless, this film is not solely about love, but life itself, joy, pain, loneliness, confusion, everyday ups and downs. And its most important quality is the fact that it is not soppy at all, but rather warm and full of hope.I give this film a 9 because the final section of it suggests how some of the stories might further develop, but not all of them and that is the thing that I find missing, and by ""further development"" I do not mean some specific reference to the characters' future. As far as everything else is concerned I can only say- captivating. Makes you want to leave everything behind you, flee to Paris and live those little romances yourself."	1
22426	Robert A. Heinlein's classic novel Starship Troopers has been messed around with in recent years, in everything to Paul Verhoeven's 1997 film to a TV series, to a number of games. But none of these, so to speak, has really captured the spirit of his novel. The games are usually unrelated, the TV series was more of a spin off, and the less said about Verhoeven's film, the better. Little do most know, however, that in Japan, an animated adaptation had already been done, released the year of Heinlein's death. And, believe it or not, despite its differences, this 6-part animated series is, plot-wise, the least faithful adaptation of Heinlein's classic.The most obvious minus to this series is the presence of the powered armor exoskeletons, something we were deprived of in Verhoeven's film. Like the book, the series focuses more on the characters and their relationships than on action and space travel, though we see a fair amount of each. Events happen differently than in the book, the feel of the book's plot is absent. Rico and Carmen have a romantic entanglement, but it's only slightly more touched upon than in the book. While some may believe the dialogue and character interaction to be a bit inferior to the book (it gets a bit of the anime treatment, but what did you expect?), but it's far inferior to the film. Heinlein's political views are merely excised, as opposed to the film, where they are reversed. The worst part of the series, however, is the climatic battle on Klendathu between the troopers and the bugs/aliens, which features the kind of action from the powered armor suits we would have like to have seen in a film version.Overall, I watched this series because I wanted to see a vision closer to that of Heinlein. And I think they did pretty badly with this. If you can avoid this series, you better, and never give it a look.	0	Robert A. Heinlein's classic novel Starship Troopers has been messed around with in recent years, in everything to Paul Verhoeven's 1997 film to a TV series, to a number of games. But none of these, so to speak, has really captured the spirit of his novel. The games are usually unrelated, the TV series was more of a spin off, and the less said about Verhoeven's film, the better. Little do most know, however, that in Japan, an animated adaptation had already been done, released the year of Heinlein's death. And, believe it or not, despite its differences, this 6-part animated series is, plot-wise, the most faithful adaptation of Heinlein's classic.The most obvious plus to this series is the presence of the powered armor exoskeletons, something we were deprived of in Verhoeven's film. Like the book, the series focuses more on the characters and their relationships than on action and space travel, though we see a fair amount of each. While events happen differently than in the book, the feel of the book's plot is present. Rico and Carmen have a romantic entanglement, but it's only slightly more touched upon than in the book. While some may believe the dialogue and character interaction to be a bit inferior to the book (it gets a bit of the anime treatment, but what did you expect?), but it's far superior to the film. Heinlein's political views are merely excised, as opposed to the film, where they are reversed. The big payoff of the series, however, is the climatic battle on Klendathu between the troopers and the bugs/aliens, which features the kind of action from the powered armor suits we would have like to have seen in a film version.Overall, I enjoyed this series because I wanted to see a vision closer to that of Heinlein. And I think they did pretty well with this. If you can find this series, give it a look.	1
22427	"Well, I have finally caught up with ""Rock 'N' Roll High School,"" almost 30 years after it first became a midnight movie sensation in 1979. (Latecomer that I am, I will probably first see this summer's new documentary ""Patti Smith: Dream of Life"" sometime around 2040!) And no, the film doesn't feel dated one bit, and yes, it was worth the wait. This is a very high-energy comedy that features loads of great music and some surprising moments. It tells the story of Riff Randell, adorably played by P.J. Soles, and the battle that she and her fellow students at Vince Lombardi High wage against their new repressive principal, Miss Togar. (Danny Peary, in his book ""Cult Movies,"" quite accurately describes Mary Woronov's performance as an ""evil Eve Arden."") A typical teens vs. Establishment story line is beefed up here with some absurdist humor (those exploding mice, that giant mouse, the Hansel and Gretel hall monitors) and some truly rousing tunes. Riff is, of course, the #1 fan of that original punk band The Ramones, and that band dishes out a baker's dozen of its greatest songs during the course of the film, including five at a concert that is a total blast. Indeed, the sight of Riff furiously dancing to ""Teenage Lobotomy"" at this blowout may be the picture's funniest moment. And the initial appearance of Joey, Johnny, Dee Dee and Marky in their Ramonesmobile, and later slinking down a street singing ""I Just Wanna Have Something To Do,"" is quite exhilarating. The film ends with an explosive confrontation that is, I would imagine, every high school kid's wet dream. Fun stuff indeed. On a side note, The Ramones were one of the loudest bands that I have ever seen in concert, so I was very amused to note that the DVD for this film comes with optional English subtitles for the hearing impaired. How many aging punks out there found these subtitles necessary, I wonder...."	1	"Well, I have finally caught up with ""Rock 'N' Roll High School,"" almost 30 years after it first became a midnight movie sensation in 1979. (Latecomer that I am, I will probably first see this summer's new documentary ""Patti Smith: Dream of Life"" sometime around 2040!) And yes, the film feels dated a bit, and no, it was not worth the wait. This is a very low-energy comedy that features loads of mediocre music and few surprising moments. It tells the story of Riff Randell, amateurishly played by P.J. Soles, and the battle that she and her fellow students at Vince Lombardi High wage against their new repressive principal, Miss Togar. (Danny Peary, in his book ""Cult Movies,"" quite accurately describes Mary Woronov's performance as an ""evil Eve Arden."") A typical teens vs. Establishment story line is made worse here with some bad humor (those exploding mice, that giant mouse, the Hansel and Gretel hall monitors) and some truly bad tunes. Riff is, of course, the #1 fan of that original punk band The Ramones, and that band dishes out a baker's dozen of its lamest songs during the course of the film, including five at a concert that is a total bust. Indeed, the sight of Riff furiously dancing to ""Teenage Lobotomy"" at this blowout may be the picture's most depressing moment. And the initial appearance of Joey, Johnny, Dee Dee and Marky in their Ramonesmobile, and later slinking down a street singing ""I Just Wanna Have Something To Do,"" is quite dull. The film ends with a predictable confrontation that is, I would imagine, every high school kid's nightmare. Boring stuff indeed. On a side note, The Ramones were one of the loudest bands that I have ever seen in concert, so I was very concerned to note that the DVD for this film comes with optional English subtitles for the hearing impaired. How many aging punks out there found these subtitles necessary, I wonder...."	0
22449	"Bacall does well here - especially considering this is only her 2nd film. This one is often overshadowed because it falls between 2 great successes: ""To Have and To Have Not"" (1944) and ""The Big Sleep"" (1945), both of which paired her with Humphrey Bogart. Granted this one is not up to par to the other movies but I think through no fault of her own. I think there was some miscasting in having her portray a British upper-crust lady. No accent whatsoever. I think all the strange accents were distracting - Boyer was certainly no Spaniard. It was hard to keep straight which country people were from.I really liked the black and white cinematography. Mood is used to great affect - I especially liked the fog scene. The lighting also does a great job of adding to the intrigue and tension.Bacall is just gorgeous. Boyer just doesn't fit the romantic leading man role for me - so he and Bacall together was a little strange. Not great chemistry - and certainly no Bogie and Bacall magic. But I still really liked this picture. There is great tension and it moves along well enough. I must say I found the murder of the little girl quite bold for this period film.Katina Paxinou and Peter Lorre stand out as supporting cast. Paxinou as the hotel keeper is absolutely villainous and evil in her portrayal. Her one scene where she laughs maniacally as Mr. Muckerji is leaving after exposing her as the child's murderer is quite disturbing. Lorre also does quite well in his slimy, snake portrayal of Conteras - a sleazy coward to the end. Wanda Bendrix also does quite well in portraying the child Else - especially considering this was her first picture and she was only 16 at the time (though she appears much younger). Turns out she later married Auie Murphy which proved to be a short lived, tempestuous marriage."	1	"Bacall does badly here - even considering this is only her 2nd film. This one is often overshadowed because it falls between 2 great successes: ""To Have and To Have Not"" (1944) and ""The Big Sleep"" (1945), both of which paired her with Humphrey Bogart. Granted this one is not up to par to the other movies but I think through no fault of her own. I think there was some miscasting in having her portray a British upper-crust lady. No accent whatsoever. I think all the strange accents were distracting - Boyer was certainly no Spaniard. It was hard to keep straight which country people were from.I really hated the black and white cinematography. Mood is used to bad affect - I especially hated the fog scene. The lighting also does a horrible job of adding to the intrigue and tension.Bacall is just miscast. Boyer just doesn't fit the romantic leading man role for me - so he and Bacall together was a little strange. Not great chemistry - and certainly no Bogie and Bacall magic. And so I still really hated this picture. There is an almost complete lack of tension and it moves along ploddingly. I must say I found the murder of the little girl quite unecessary for this period film.Katina Paxinou and Peter Lorre are also miscast as supporting actors. Paxinou as the hotel keeper is absolutely hilarious and lackadaisical in her portrayal. Her one scene where she laughs maniacally as Mr. Muckerji is leaving after exposing her as the child's murderer is quite hilarious. Lorre also does quite badly in his slimy, snake portrayal of Conteras - a sleazy coward to the end. Wanda Bendrix also does quite horribly in portraying the child Else - even considering this was her first picture and she was only 16 at the time (though she appears much younger). Turns out she later married Auie Murphy which proved to be a short lived, tempestuous marriage."	0
22458	Eddie Murphy plays Chandler Jarrell, a man who devotes his time to finding lost children. When the beautiful Kee Nang {Charlotte Lewis} enters his life, she tells him he is the chosen one and he must find the Golden Child. Sceptical and driven purely by lust and intrigue, Jarrell gets involved without realising he's about to embark on a fantastical journey, one that involves peril and worst of all, the demon Sardo Numspa.Is The Golden Child a product of its time?, by that i mean, was Eddie Murphy and The Golden Child's popularity exclusive to the late 1980s audiences?. For i can remember vividly how much this film entertained folk back in that decade, it's box office was $79,817,937, making it the 8th biggest earner of 1986, but since the 80s faded from memory it has become the in thing to deny Eddie Murphy pictures the comedy accolades that they actually once had. The Golden Child is not up with the more accepted 80s Murphy pictures like Trading Places and Beverly Hills Cop, but upon revisiting the film recently i personally find that it contains Murphy at his wisecracking, quipping and charming best!, seriously!.Cashing in on a fantasy action formula that was reinvigorated and temp-lated by Raiders Of The Lost Ark in 1981, The Golden Child hits all the required genre buttons. Pretty girl, daring reluctant-hero with a quip in his armoury, dashing villain {Charles Dance so English i could kiss him myself}, wonderful colour, and a cute kid with mystical powers, the film only asks you to get involved in the fun, not to dissect and digress its worth as a cranial fantasy picture. Yes the CGI demon looks creaky now, and yes the genre had far better pictures in the 80s, 90s and beyond, but really if you agree with the disgraceful rating of 5 here on this site then you may just be taking this genre a little too serious, seriously. 7/10	1	Eddie Murphy plays Chandler Jarrell, a man who devotes his time to finding lost children. When the beautiful Kee Nang {Charlotte Lewis} enters his life, she tells him he is the chosen one and he must find the Golden Child. Sceptical and driven purely by lust and intrigue, Jarrell gets involved without realising he's about to embark on a fantastical journey, one that involves peril and worst of all, the demon Sardo Numspa.Is The Golden Child a product of its time?, by that i mean, was Eddie Murphy and The Golden Child's popularity exclusive to the late 1980s audiences?. For i can remember vividly how much this film entertained folk back in that decade, it's box office was $79,817,937, making it the 8th biggest earner of 1986, but since the 80s faded from memory it has become the in thing to deny Eddie Murphy pictures the comedy accolades that they actually once had. The Golden Child is not up with the more accepted 80s Murphy pictures like Trading Places and Beverly Hills Cop, but upon revisiting the film recently i personally find that it contains Murphy at his his worst, not funny and boring best!, seriously!.Cashing in on a fantasy action formula that was dull and temp-lated by Raiders Of The Lost Ark in 1981, The Golden Child doesn't hit all the required genre buttons. Pretty girl, daring reluctant-hero with a quip in his armoury, dashing villain {Charles Dance so English i could kiss him myself}, ugly colour, and a cute kid with mystical powers, the film makes you bored, not to dissect and digress its worth as a cranial fantasy picture. Yes the CGI demon looks creaky now, and yes the genre had far better pictures in the 80s, 90s and beyond, but really if you agree with the disgraceful rating of 5 here on this site then you may just be taking this genre a little too serious, seriously. 7/10	0
